Leo's nightmares prequels

Author: desperatewet

*000*2018-11-10 13:38

(Burning maze spoilers)

"Go!" Shouted Jason as he fought. "Get out of here!" His bright blue eyes met Leo's brown ones for a fraction of a second too long and a monster stabbed him in the back. He fell with a gasp. Then the monsters were gone and Leo was staring at Jason's cold body.

Leo woke from the nightmare, shaking. He felt a strange sensation. His legs were wet. Oh Schist! He had wet the bed. He began to cry, both from the nightmare and this humiliation. He hadn't wet himself since he was 9. And what would Piper and her father think? Maybe he could wash the sheets without waking them. He changed his pants and stripped the bed. He went slowly downstairs and put the wet things in the washing machine. Then he heard footsteps in the hall. Piper came in. Leo's heart sank.

"I didn't wake you up, did I?" he asked.

"No," she said, "I couldn't sleep anyway. I can't stop seeing his body. Oh, Leo, I'm so tired." And suddenly she was crying and he was holding her. Tears were once again falling from his own eyes. For the nightmare spoke the truth. Jason was dead.

When she had composed herself, she asked "so why are you doing laundry in the middle of the night?"

He took a step away from her and looked down at the floor. "I wet the bed," he said in a quiet voice, almost a whisper.

Piper's face showed shock. "Leo!" she said, a little too loudly.

He flinched back. "Sorry Piper. I didn't mean to, honest! I had a bad dream and..."

Her face softened. He looked so miserable. "Its okay," she soothed. "Its okay. I'm not mad." She laid a hand on his shoulder.

"You won't tell your dad, will you?" He asked worriedly.

"No, of course not," she reassured him. " Your secret's safe with me."

*002*2018-11-10 13:45

{{Just now, nc_omo_dude said:

Loved the update! I really like where this is going!

}}

Thanks!

*005*2019-02-15 11:28

{{10 hours ago, trackboy said:

You set up the pain and grief very well with leo and his freind Jason looking each other in the eyes as Jason was killed by the monster. leo having ptsd from seeing his freind die as they were looking in each others eyes. Leo then waking up screaming from the night mare which is common with ptsd in military vets with all they have seen while in combat and is often long lasting and takes intense treatment to deal with. leo developing bed wetting from the night mares. then him hiding it by doing laundry in middle of the night. then sister reassuring him and promising to keep his secret. very well written story.

}}

Thank you. Honestly, I mostly wrote these two stories to process Jason's death myself, even though he's not real. He died in one of Riordan's recent books, and he was a character I was rather attached to.

Piper Isnt Leo's sister, but she is his best friend, other than Jason. They have a very close bond similar to siblings.

*006*2019-07-20 11:04

{{7 hours ago, KarenGranger said:

Jason's death kills me as well! I hate it when authors kill of some of your favorite characters. I have to say though, can't wait for the next book to be released.

}}

Yeah, I cant wait either. I hear Frank and Hazel are going to be in it, which makes me very happy. To be honest, I didnt have high hopes for the burning maze. The first two books in Trials of Apollo were good, but I didn't like them near as much as PJO or HoO. I didnt know if Rick's writing was declining or because I was finally outgrowing the series. But I absolutely loved the burning maze. Apollo became a more sympathetic character, we got to see Grover again, and Rick took some real risks with the storytelling.

*007*2019-07-20 14:48

{{26 minutes ago, KarenGranger said:

I agree, think my favorite series was probably HoO but I loved PJO too.

}}

Did you read Magnus Chase or The Kane Chronicles? Just curious.

