Stressful Night

Author: Disobedience

*000*2025-03-01 02:22

Hey! I've had some practice writing, but never really written any smut before.

Hope you enjoy!

###

Laughter and the clinking of glasses echo in the office. The company is having a party celebrating the upcoming holidays and the successful strides for profit.

Layla, a short brunette, dark hazel eyes, leans her slim figure on the table, her focus directed at her coworkers. The champagne shuffles in her glass as she twirls it around. She chuckles at an inside joke her friend sneaks into the conversation.

She enjoys the moment, even with the exhaustion creeping in. Through her attention, a part of her is looking for the right time to head out and call it a night.

A hand reaches out, tapping her on the shoulder. She glances over to the figure.

The manager, her boss. A moment ago he held a big speech congratulating how the company did well and wanted to have the whole office celebrate the success. During the party he was keeping to himself as a wallflower, watching everyone have fun, try to pat himself on the back, knowing no one really cares about him. His stern expression snuck through the fake smile he pulled for the others as he asked her to come along.

Layla nodded, setting her glass down on the table. Her coworkers caught on, jokingly gasping, covering their mouths with their hand. "Oooooh, Layla is in trouble!" Hinting that Layla and the boss is sneaking off to have some quality time together. Possibly ending in sex.

Layla followed her boss to his office, hearing the jokes and laughter over her shoulder. She was growing concerned. What could this be about?

In the office, the boss sat down at his desk and pulled himself closer to the computer.

Layla stood there, watching him, his expression growing more worried by the second.

Layla had always been tough- always keeping tabs on sales, marking down fluctuations in trends, her reports have always been thorough. Her concern keeps growing as his mouse keeps sliding across the table, clicking the button.

He stops, scanning the screen with his eyes, confirming what he is about to say.

She feels a jolt in her thigh, her body shivers as anxiety grows.

He exhales, reaching for the monitor, and turning it around.

"What do you see here?" He asks.

Layla steps closer, leaning down, her eyes read the display.

"It's the..." she exhales. "draft of the monthly report? It's half-way done."

He sighs. "Yes, Layla, it's half-way done." He sucks in air through his nose. "And why was this sent as the final?"

She raises a brow. "There must've been a mistake. I would never send a draft of a report to the board!"

He grits his teeth, letting out air. "Well... now this is sent to the board which had a shareholder's meeting a few days ago and it had to be cut short due to this mistake. So, we lost some clients."

He tidies up his work space and closes the computer. "We will talk about this after you come back. Enjoy your vacation." His voice monotone, his expression blank.

Layla nods and leaves quietly.

In the hall she looks towards the party. The laughter and chatter still going strong. She turns away, leaving through the darkened halls of the office building. In the elevator she feels her legs shiver, her breath shaky and her eyes start to water up. The anxiousness eats away at her- is she going to lose her job? Is this going to be a new inside joke? All these goals achieved feel like all the glass sculptures at an exhibition shattering at once.

The clicks of her heels echo through the parking lot as she approaches her car.

Driving through the empty streets, the street lights cast into the cabin as they pass. She tells herself that this was a stupid mistake that could be corrected, but still a tear runs down her cheek. She sniffles as she lazily grips the steering wheel. Her thighs keep pressing together, while her feet focus on the pedals.

Backing into her parking space, she takes a moment to stare into the void. All the water, coffee, and champagne she drank during the day starting to ping her.

She gets out and walks to her apartment. The pressure builds, but she's had enough embarrassment for today. Subconsciously she squeezes her thighs together in the elevator, fidgeting with her fingers. In the hall she wipes her eyes, puffy from the tears and anxiety tearing away her exhaustion.

At the door her keys jingle in her hands, each turn moving the bars in the door lock. The door opens and she quickly steps inside, closing it behind her. Thump. She's alone.

Her apartment, silent and dark, a small light left on in the kitchen. The trees outside sway their branches slowly as the wind passes. The fridge purrs. Her couch looking towards a dark TV.

She leans against the door, letting herself slowly drop into a squat on the floor. Her eyes stare into the void as her mind is filled to the brim with woulda, coulda, shoulda's. Her vacation started, but she is enveloped in her own prison.

Her body asks her for relief, her bladder has built up since she left for the party. All she can tell it is a weak "Go for it."

She exhales, letting her body relax. She had previously spent a good amount of time shopping to find these wide-leg suit pants in the perfect dark grey color and a matching suit jacket, but now... who cares?

She tilts her head, closing her eyes, purring a blissful sigh as she lets it all go. Her muscles relaxing, her panties filling with warm pee, wetting and seeping through the fabric. The warmth touching her thighs and running down to her ass. The damp, dark spot spreading on her luxurious pants, dripping clear pee onto the floor.

She moans, releasing more and more, the puddle on the floor reaching for her feet.

She smirks, feeling relieved. Running her hand up to her chest, groping her bra, she whispers to herself.

"What a naughty, naughty girl you are..."

###

Thank you for reading this short story!


