Urban Horror

Author: Ducklett00

*007*2016-06-10 12:32

Chapter 3

"So you're saying that all these abnormal things are happening because that little girl is pissed off?" Erika asked.

"Yes" Haruna answered.

"So what do we do?" Reika asked.

"I don't know, I have to do more research" Haruna drank rest of the coffee and stood up.

"Where are you going?" Erika asked.

"To the library, maybe I find something from the books"

"I come with you" Reika said and stood up.

"Erika? are you coming?" Reika asked.

"I hate books" Erika said but stood up and followed Haruna and Reika.

"And books hate you" Reika muttered and Haruna snickered.

"I heard that!"

Reika and Haruna burst into laughter.

Reika walked uneasily. They had just arrived to the library and she had realized that she was still wearing urine soaked panties. She muttered something vague to Haruna and Erika, they muttered something back. Bathrooms were located at the library's lobby. Girls' bathroom had two cubicles and one sink. Reika locked cubicle's door behind her, thought for a moment what she should do. She didn't want to take panties off and wear just jeans, she would have to figure out something else. But other thing first.

She unbuttoned her jeans and lowered them and panties to her ankles, took lots of paper from toilet roll and began drying her bottom and crotch. It was incomprehensible how wet her bottom and crotch still were, jeans were slightly moist from inside. She threw used papers away and took more paper from toilet roll. She didn't really thought what she was doing, situation required desperate solution. She put toilet paper in her panties and pulled them up, solution was uncomfortable but at least she wouldn't have to feel urine soaked panties against her skin. She pulled her jeans up, flushed the toilet and left the bathroom. Library was huge, one of the biggest in Japan. Reika looked around, she had no idea where she should start looking for Haruna and Erika.

"Reika! Over here!" Erika was at the other side of the hall.

Reika tried to walk as normal as she could, it wasn't easy. Haruna was sitting at the table in the corner, on the table was pile of books and Haruna was reading three books at the same time.

"Wow, that was fast" Reika stated.

"It took her only few seconds to grab all those books" Erika leaned against the wall and crossed her arms.

"Have you found anything?" Reika asked.

"Not yet" Haruna answered briefly.

Haruna grabbed two books from the pile and opened them. She checked something, muttered to herself and grabbed few more books. Reika took book from shelf randomly and opened it. Something about supernatural things, Reika didn't understand any of it. She put book back to shelf.

"Are you ready yet?" Erika asked.

They had been in the library for hours, Haruna was still reading books and Reika was snoozing on the floor.

"Almost" Haruna answered.

"You said the same hour ago" Erika started walking back and forth.

Reika startled awake, she looked around and stood up.

"Did you find anything?" Reika asked and walked to Haruna.

"Not much, apparently you can confuse Kuchisake-onna by asking her the same question she asks from you" Haruna answered.

"That doesn't help much, what about that girl?" Erika stated.

"I don't know, I don't understand why she hasn't killed us all yet. Only thing that comes to mind is that she is trying to break us mentally, she is waiting for something" Haruna told.

"If she's waiting, then why she killed Yasuko?" Erika asked.

"It doesn't add up, what was so different in her" Haruna checked something from few books but shook her head.

"She was the youngest of us" Reika said.

"I don't think that it's the reason why she was killed first"

"Maybe she kills the weakest first" Erika suggested.

"Yasuko wasn't weak! You should've been the one who gets killed, then this all would be over!" Reika yelled.

"What was that supposed to mean?" Erika asked.

"You're the one who killed that girl"

"Fuck you Reika! You could've call fire department to put out that fire but you ran away, you're also guilty"

Reika looked at Haruna who was looking at her, Erika was right. They had the chance to call the fire department to put out the fire and maybe save that girl's life. It was too late to regret now.

"So we just wait that she kills us all" Erika stopped walking.

Erika looked at Haruna and then Reika, neither of them didn't say anything.

"That's just great" Erika muttered.

"I...I try to find something" Haruna said.

"You wanna go shopping?" Reika asked from Erika.

"Yeah, sure" Erika answered.

Reika didn't want to go back to her apartment. She wanted to chance her panties and by going shopping she could buy new panties. And she didn't want to be alone but she didn't want to stay in the library.

Haruna yawned and stretched her muscles, she had been in the library for hours. She had checked maybe thirty books but didn't find anything useful. Haruna glanced her wristwatch, it was almost library's closing time. Suddenly pointers in the watch started spinning fast.

"What the?"

Pointers slowly slowed down and finally stopped, they were now pointing 4:44.

"What the heck?"

Haruna tried to adjust the watch but pointers weren't moving, watch was probably broken. Haruna stood up and took few books from the table. She was about to put them to the shelf when she heard footsteps. Haruna hold her breath, thought came in her mind. What if it was that girl? Books fell to the floor, she stumbled backward and hit the table. Books fell from the table to the floor, Haruna backed away until she hit the shelf. Urine began gushing through her panties, she crossed her legs and tried to regain control. She put her hands between her legs and pressed her crotch but she only managed to get her skirt wet. Footsteps were now close and then Haruna saw a woman. Woman was elderly, short and had round glasses. She had short gray hair and she was wearing blue kimono.

"It's closing time, you will have to leave now" woman said.

Woman stopped and looked at the books on the floor.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

Woman looked at Haruna, then she noticed puddle where Haruna was standing.

"Did you pee yourself?"

Haruna was startled by woman's words, she hurried past woman and ran towards the front door.

"Aren't you little too old for that?" woman yelled to Haruna.

Haruna didn't answer, she just ran away without looking back.

Erika hated mornings like this. She had woken up few minutes ago and she tried to get up from the bed but it was difficult because her bladder was absolutely bursting. She pressed her crotch with her hands and sat up, her bladder screamed for relief but she managed to control her bladder. She stood up and bend her knees, crossed her legs and wiggled her bottom. She took few steps towards the door but stopped when she felt short spurt of pee escaping in her panties.

Her panties were little moist and she knew that there was no way she could get to the bathroom with dry panties, so she relaxed a little and let out short stream in her panties. When she felt her hands getting wet, she stopped peeing. Pressure in her bladder had eased a little and she was able to walk. Erika hurried to the door and hastened through hallway to the bathroom. She locked the bathroom's door behind her, yanked her panties down and sat on the toilet. She relieved herself, stood up and flushed the toilet. Erika took off her panties and bra, she didn't want to wear mismatching underwears.

"Disgusting" Erika muttered.

She threw them in the washing machine and went to take a shower. After a long hot shower, she dryed herself with towel and left the bathroom. She went to her room, took light brown panties and bra from the wardrobe and put them on, after that she put on white jeans and black tank top. Erika walked to the bed and took her phone from the nightstand. She had received a text message, it was from Haruna: Meet me with Reika at the Sushi restaurant. Erika chose Reika's phone number from the phone.

"Hello" Reika answered, she sounded sleepy.

"Were you sleeping?" Erika asked.

"Yeah"

"Haruna send me a message, she wants to meet us in the Sushi restaurant"

"Hold on a second...yeah she sent it to me also"

"I'll come to your apartment" Erika put shoes on while talking.

"No, go to the restaurant. I'll come there soon"

"All right, hurry up bitch!"

"Fuck you Erika!"

Reika walked down the street, Sushi restaurant was at the end of the street. The reason why she didn't want Erika to come to her apartment was that she had wet the bed again. After taking a quick shower she had put on red dress and left her apartment. Reika stopped in front of the restaurant and walked in. Restaurant was large, rectangle shaped. There was places for forty customers and at the moment restaurant was half full. Erika and Haruna were sitting at the corner table, away from the other customers. Reika walked to them and sat opposite Erika. Haruna was wearing black pants and black shirt.

"We ordered sushi for you too" Haruna said.

"Thanks" Reika answered.

Young female waitress brought three sushi plates and set them in front of them.

"Now that Reika is finally here, could you tell us why you wanted to meet?" Erika asked when waitress walked away.

"I just wanted to do something together and I found something, not much but it is something" Haruna answered.

"What?" Reika asked and began to eat.

"I think that the girl can use everything that her victim had in mind, fantasies, memories, desires" Haruna answered.

"What do you mean?" Erika asked.

"I read that sometimes malicious spirits use them to confuse their future victims" Haruna said.

Reika suddenly remembered when that thing that looked like Yasuko had asked if she can remember how they used to wet the bed together. Had Yasuko dreamed about it? Reika had thought that she knew Yasuko but apparently she didn't know her so well.

"That doesn't help to end this madness" Erika gave a laugh.

"I'm just saying that we should be careful" Haruna said.

"Erika is right, we have to find some way to end this" Reika stated.

"I agree but it's difficult, maybe there is no way to end this. Maybe she haunts us until she decides to kill us or we commit suicides"

Reika glanced Erika and Haruna, they both had the same look on their face and Reika knew that she had the same look on her face. Situation started to be hopeless.

Haruna was paying their food while Erika and Reika decided to visit bathroom before they leave the restaurant. Girls' bathroom was pretty small compared to the size of the restaurant. It only had two cubicles and one sink. Erika closed cubicle's door behind her, lowered her jeans and panties and sat down. Erika closed her eyes for a moment and then she relieved herself. She wiped herself clean with toilet paper, pulled up her panties and jeans and flushed the toilet. She opened cubicle's door and walked to the sink. First cubicle's door opened and Reika walked out while Erika was washing her hands. Erika moved aside and Reika washed her hands, then they left the bathroom. Haruna was standing at the front door, Erika and Reika walked to her and they left the restaurant.

"What do you want to do now?" Haruna asked.

"You want to go to the cinema?" Erika asked from Reika and Haruna.

"Fine by me" Reika answered and Haruna nodded.

They walked to next intersection and turned left, cinema was only a block away from their current position.

"Do we really have to watch this movie?" Haruna asked when they sat down in the cinema

"What? it's certainly better than the one you suggested" Erika answered.

Haruna looked at Reika and rolled her eyes, Reika also rolled her eyes.

"This is a movie for kids" Haruna stated.

"You're never too old for this" Erika said.

Haruna looked around, they were the only persons in the cinema. Reika was sitting between Erika and Haruna. Erika was eating popcorn and Reika was drinking lemonade. Haruna took phone from her pocket and looked at it, she hadn't received new messages or calls. Clock was 4:42 PM and Haruna was nervous. She had tried to fix her wristwatch but there wasn't anything broken in it, she even changed battery but it still didn't work. Since 4 was unlucky number in Japan, Haruna was afraid what would happen when clock is 4:44. It could happen in the morning or during day, she didn't know. Haruna put her phone back in her pocket and looked at Reika and Erika. They were talking and laughing while making different gestures with their hands. Haruna looked on her right and was startled, Yasuko was sitting next to her and was staring at her. Her face was mutilated and her dress was soaked by blood.

"What's wrong?" Reika asked.

Haruna looked at Reika, Reika and Erika were looking at Haruna. They had obviously noticed that Haruna had startled. Haruna looked on her right, Yasuko was gone.

"Nothing" Haruna answered while turning her gaze back to Reika.

"The movie is about to start" Erika said.

Soon the movie began. Haruna turned her glance to her right, Yasuko was sitting next to her again.

"You're next" Yasuko whispered and disappeared.

Haruna's phone vibrated in her pocket, she took her phone and looked at it. Clock was 4:44 PM, there wasn't any notification about call or message. Haruna raised her gaze and looked around, she noticed a woman standing at the corner. Woman's face was mutilated just like Yasuko's and she was wearing white dress, it had to be Kuchisake-onna. Haruna turned her gaze to Reika and Erika, they were watching movie and hadn't noticed anything unusual. Haruna turned her gaze back to woman, woman was gone. Instead there was little girl standing at the corner. Girl giggled and when Haruna blinked her eyes, the girl was gone. Hot urine filled Haruna's pants, soaked the seat and splashed to the floor. She was so scared that she didn't even trembled in fear, she was completely paralyzed. After a moment she was able to move and she looked around but didn't saw girl, Yasuko or Kuchisake-onna.

"Well that was boring" Erika said after the movie had ended.

"I agree" Reika said.

They stood up and walked towards the door, Haruna stood up little later and examined the floor and the seat. Damage was bigger than she had thought, seat was completely soaked and on the floor was huge wet spot. Haruna hurried after Reika and Erika while feeling her bottom, her whole bottom was wet. Reika and Erika stopped at the lobby.

"What do we do now?" Reika asked.

"I don't know" Erika said.

Haruna walked to them and Erika was about to say something but she closed her mouth and looked at Haruna's crotch.

"Did you pee in your pants?" Erika asked.

Reika also looked at Haruna's crotch.

"I thought that I could hold it through whole movie but I couldn't" Haruna answered.

Erika burst into laughter and Reika smirked briefly but patted Haruna's shoulder.

"I need to take a shower, see you later" Haruna said and walked outside.

"Do you get the feeling that Haruna isn't telling us everything?" Reika asked while she turned her gaze to Erika.

"No! She is telling us everything, I know it" Erika answered after she had stopped laughing.

"Oh yeah I forgot, she is your underling"

"Fuck you!"

It was almost midnight when Erika was on her way to her apartment. She and Reika had been talking whole evening about the girl, Yasuko and other abnormal things. Erika walked in the short tunnel, she was halfway through when she heard footsteps behind her. She turned around but didn't see anyone. She turned and was about to continue her walk when she saw a man disappearing in the tunnel wall. Panic spread in Erika, this had to be that pillar thing that Haruna had mentioned. Erika heard more footsteps behind her and she looked back, six transparent men walked towards her and they had angry look on their face.

Erika started running, while she had looked back two men had approached her from the front. Erika let out short shriek and dodged men. Erika had no idea that she was able to run so fast. She was almost at her apartment, she turned left at the next intersection. Then she almost collided with the woman, who was wearing white dress and surgery mask. It was too much for Erika, she felt her jeans getting wet. Wet feeling ran down her legs and her shoes were slowly filled by urine, urine gushed through her jeans and splashed on the asphalt.

"Not again, disgusting" Erika thought.

"Am I beautiful?" Woman asked.

What Haruna had said about this? Ask her the same question she ask from you.

"Am I beautiful?" Erika asked.

Woman tilted her head from side to side, it was now or never. Erika turned around and ran. She would have to take detour to her apartment. She turned right at the next intersection, there was a girl standing at the edge of the road and it looked like Yasuko. Was it Yasuko? Erika had ran so fast that she wasn't sure.

"You can't escape it"

It was Yasuko's voice, then that girl had to be Yasuko. Erika didn't stop, she ran even faster than before.

Reika woke up tired, her phone was ringing. She took her phone and looked it, caller was Haruna.

"Hello" she answered.

"It's me, meet me in the school now" Haruna said.

Reika looked at the clock on the wall.

"Haruna, it's 4:15 in the morning"

"It's urgent" Haruna said and disconnected the call.

"What the heck?" Reika asked from herself but stood up.

She quickly put on her clothes, black jeans and red strapless top. She ran to the front door and left her apartment. After running few blocks she saw Erika. Erika was wearing short black pleated skirt, dark pantyhose and black strapless top.

"Do you know what is this all about?" Reika asked when she was next to Erika.

"Haruna said that she has a way to end this" Erika answered.

"Let's hope so" Reika said.

"Where are they?!" Haruna asked while walking back and forth.

She was in the school's gymnasium. Gymnasium was in public use, so everyone was able to use it around the clock. Haruna was wearing denim shorts and white t-shirt. Haruna took her phone from her handbag and looked it, clock was 4:35. Haruna cursed and stopped walking. Something caught her attention, a door that was ajar at the other end of the gymnasium. Someone probably forgot to lock it. She walked to the door and was about to close it when she heard something, girl was crying.

"Is someone there?"

"Haruna?" it was Yasuko's voice.

"Yasuko?!"

"Haruna I'm scared, help me"

"It's not real" Haruna thought.

All the sudden she felt something, something was behind her! She was sure of it. She slowly turned around. Four transparent girl was standing there, they weren't much older than Haruna was and behind the girls was woman in a white dress. Woman's face was mutilated and she wasn't transparent. Haruna screamed and turned around, pushed the door open and ran to the corridor. Even though it was pretty dim in the corridor, she was able to see a little. Haruna didn't look where she was going, at one point she ran up the stairs to the second floor. When she finally stopped to look around, she didn't know where she was, even though she knew the school pretty well. She walked down the corridor and stopped in the T-junction. On the corridor on her left was a door near the junction and there was light coming from the classroom. Haruna slowly approached the door, it sounded like there was persons in the room.

"Hello" Haruna pushed the door open.

Fourteen female students were standing at the school desks and they were gazing the blackboard. Students heads were tilting from side to side faster than it was possible for human, it looked like they all had three heads.

"What the hell?" Haruna realised that all the students were transparent.

Then all the sudden Haruna saw pee splashing on the floor, all students were peeing themselves. Haruna heard noise coming from her right, she turned her gaze and saw long woman standing behind the desk. Haruna hadn't noticed her earlier. Woman was dressed in black dress and she had long blonde hair, she was also transparent. Woman was staring Haruna and fear filled Haruna. Haruna turned her gaze to the students, they were still peeing but were also looking at Haruna.

Haruna backed away to the door. She saw clock on the wall, it was 4:44. Haruna stumbled to the corridor and fell on her bottom, she backed away until her back hit the wall. Woman and the students had walked to the door and they were all staring at Haruna. Warm feeling spread in Haruna's shorts, urine gushed through her shorts and formed a puddle under her bottom. Her bottom was wet from urine, it smarted her buttocks. Haruna was trembling from head to toes. Suddenly Haruna saw a little girl standing behind the students, her eyes were glowing red. Strange feeling began from Haruna's kidneys, then it moved to her bladder. Her bladder was suddenly full and she was peeing again but this time her bladder filled over and over again.

End Of Chapter 3

And final Chapter after few days.

*009*2016-06-13 16:17

Chapter 4

"Stop fooling around Haruna! Where are you?" Erika yelled.

She and Reika were standing in the school's gymnasium.

"Look! That door is open, you think she went there?" Reika pointed at the door at the other end of the gymnasium.

"Why would she go there?" Erika asked and walked towards the door.

"I don't know" Reika followed Erika.

Erika pushed the door open and looked in the corridor.

"Is that her handbag?" Reika asked and pointed at the item on the floor, not far from the door.

They walked to the item, it was Haruna's handbag.

"Why the fuck would she come here?" Erika asked and picked up the handbag.

"Well first we have to find her and then ask" Reika stated.

"Very funny"

"How the heck would I know why she came in here?!"

Erika was about to start yelling something when they heard something, a distant cry of help.

"Was that Haruna's voice?" Erika asked.

They listened and heard it again, it was coming from the second floor.

"It is Haruna's voice!" Reika said.

They ran to the stairs and hurried to the second floor where they stopped.

"Where to now?" Erika asked while glancing left and right.

They heard cry of help again, it was coming from the left. Reika and Erika glanced each other and ran towards the sound. They arrived to the T-junction and stopped, Erika gazed to the right and Reika to the left.

"Haruna!" Reika gasped.

Erika turned her gaze to the left and saw Haruna sitting on the floor against the wall. Large area of the corridor's floor seemed to be wet. Reika walked to Haruna and kneeled beside her.

"Haruna?" Reika asked.

"What's wrong with her? Why isn't she moving?" Erika asked and walked closer.

"She...she's dead"

"What?!"

"It's strange, she looks like she has been dead for days" Reika examined Haruna, then stood up and turned to look at Erika.

"We...we have to call the police" Reika said, took her phone from her pocket and dialed emergency number.

Reika walked back and forth in the school's lobby and Erika was leaning against the wall. Police had arrived few minutes ago and were now investigating second floor. Erika had been oddly quiet whole time, Reika thought that Erika was probably tired, after all clock was little over 5 in the morning. Kyoko Igarashi arrived to the lobby and walked to Reika and Erika. Kyoko was wearing gray pants and jacket.

"I have few questions for you" Kyoko said.

Reika stopped walking and Erika raised her gaze from the floor.

"What were you doing in here at this hour?" Kyoko asked.

"Haruna wanted to meet us here, she had something important to say" Reika answered.

"Something so important that she couldn't say it on the phone or somewhere else, you had to come in here?"

"Yeah"

"Any idea what it might have been?"

Reika quickly glanced Erika.

"No" Reika answered.

Erika looked at Reika but didn't say anything.

"How did she got into this part of the school?" Kyoko asked.

"Have you heard about the door?" Reika answered.

Erika smirked briefly.

"Stop fooling around, lass!" Kyoko snarled.

"I have no idea" Reika said.

"Door in the gymnasium was open when we arrived" Erika said.

"Maybe someone forgot to lock it" Reika suggested.

"Well that's easy to check from the staff when they arrive but what Haruna was doing in this part of the school" Kyoko said.

"No idea" Reika answered.

Kyoko looked at Erika who raised her shoulders.

"Alright you can go, I'll be in touch if I need to ask more questions" Kyoko said.

"Wait, what happened to Haruna?" Reika asked.

"Preliminary investigation is finished, it appears that Haruna died in dehydration. The fluid on the floor seemed to be urine" Kyoko answered.

"Are you saying that Haruna peed until she died?"

"No, that's not possible. It might not be Haruna's urine. Another interesting thing was that she looks like she has been dead for at least few days and that's not possible either"

Reika and Erika briefly glanced each others. Kyoko turned around and started walking away but stopped soon and turned to look at Reika and Erika.

"Oh, I almost forgot! Haruna's phone was found in classroom which was near. Strange thing was that phone was working perfectly but the watch had stopped at 4:44. Same thing had happened to Haruna's wrist watch and to the clock in the classroom, classroom's number was 444" Kyoko said.

After that she turned around and walked away. Reika and Erika gazed each others.

"Could you stay with me tonight? I don't want to be alone" Erika asked.

"Yeah, sure" Reika didn't want to be alone either.

Reika and Erika hurried to Erika's apartment. Erika made sure that the front door was locked before they sighed in relief.

"Why didn't you tell her what Haruna wanted to tell us?" Erika asked.

"Think about it, it would have sounded crazy if I told her that Haruna wanted to tell us how to stop maniac ghost girl" Reika answered.

They walked across the hallway to the kitchen.

"Do you want anything? tea?" Erika asked.

"No thanks" Reika answered.

"What do you think that happened to Haruna?" Erika asked.

"I don't know" Reika answered.

Reika walked to the table and sat down, she turned her gaze to the floor.

"I can't believe she's gone" Reika said.

"I can't do this" Erika's voice was different.

Reika looked at Erika and what she saw scared her more than anything what she had experienced so far. Erika was crying. Reika had always seen Erika as a strong person, seeing Erika crying was disheartening.

"Erika? What's wrong?!" Reika stood up but didn't know what to do.

"I didn't knew that you actually cared about her" Reika said.

"She...We...She was...We were...I loved her" Erika was able to say.

"She was your girlfriend?!" Reika asked, she was amazed.

Erika nodded briefly.

"I didn't...I had no idea" Reika said.

"We kept it secret. My parents always said that there is something wrong in me, that I am a disgrace"

Reika now understood why Erika had such a personality. Erika had never been allowed to be herself. She had been forced to live in a lie.

"I think I know why Yasuko was killed first" Erika said.

Reika didn't know what to say.

"I envied her, I wanted to be she. She and you were so close" Erika continued.

"What do you mean?" Reika asked.

"Ever since we met first time, I have had crush on you" Erika answered.

Reika moved uneasily "What about Haruna?"

"She knew that I have crush on you, she accepted it. It didn't bothered her" Erika answered.

"So girl's kills were based on your feelings? If that is true then it should have been Haruna who should have died first" Reika said.

"My envy towards Yasuko was greater than my love towards Haruna" Erika wiped her eyes.

Reika suddenly remembered that Yasuko had suggested that they go to the police and tell about the girl and it was Reika who had said that they should forget the whole thing. Forget that they killed a girl. Maybe it was partly Reika's fault that Yasuko had been killed first.

"I'm sorry Reika, I love you so much" Erika closed her eyes, she was still crying.

"Sorry Erika, I like boys" Reika said and turned her gaze away.

"I know but I can't help it" Erika answered.

Reika turned her gaze back to Erika and she couldn't believe what she saw.

"Erika what are you...?"

Erika had taken her clothes off, she was completely naked.

"Please" Erika begged.

Reika was still confused but she understood what Erika wanted, it seemed to be important to Erika.

"Alright" Reika said.

Reika and Erika stared each others and then Reika slowly lowered her gaze. Her gaze lingered longer at Erika's breasts and crotch. She had seen Erika naked few times in the locker room but she had never looked Erika's body so carefully. Erika's body was perfect in every way.

"You think I'm ugly" Erika said when Reika's gaze was at her ankles.

Erika turned around and crossed her arms, covering her breasts.

"No! You have gorgeous body. It's just...I mean..." Reika approached Erika but didn't know what to say or do.

Erika turned to look at Reika, they stared each others and then Erika stepped towards Reika and kissed her on the lips. For a brief moment they kissed, then Reika stepped backward.

"What are you doing?" she asked.

Reika stared Erika into the eyes briefly, stepped forward and kissed Erika. Reika didn't even realised at first that she was kissing Erika. Reika put her hands on Erika's hip, moved her hands slowly to Erika's buttocks and squeezed. Then she woke up back to reality and backed away.

"What's the matter?" Erika asked.

"This is...I don't know..." Reika answered while shaking her head.

"Did I do something wrong?"

"No! I...I need to be alone for awhile, I need to think" Reika hurried past Erika to the hallway.

"Don't go!" Erika said but Reika had already left the apartment.

Reika ran to the tunnel near Erika's apartment and stopped. She didn't know what to think. It had felt so wrong but also so right to kiss Erika. She wanted to go back but at the same time she wanted to run away. She shook her head and started walking but after a few steps she stopped. There was someone standing on the road not far from Reika's location. When Reika looked more carefully she realised that it was that woman, Kuchisake-onna! Reika stumbled backward, woman disappeared and then reappeared in front of her. Reika fell on her back and backed away. Her jeans began to become wet, wetness spread from her crotch to her bottom. Urine gushed through her jeans and formed a puddle.

"Am I beautiful?" woman asked.

Reika gasped in fear.

"Don't be scared, it will be over soon. Then you are as beautiful as I"

Reika looked on her left, it was Yasuko. She was standing almost next to Reika.

"Then we can be together forever" Yasuko continued.

"Am I beautiful?" woman asked again.

"Just say yes" Yasuko whispered.

"Am I beautiful?" Reika asked after she remembered what Haruna had said.

Woman tilted her head from side to side and was obviously thinking.

"No!" Yasuko yelled, then she was gone.

Reika stood up and ran away before woman had a change to ask again.

Erika woke up later in same day, she was tired. Night's events were still going through her head. She still had hard time accepting that Haruna was dead. Situation was not helped by the fact that she had totally collapsed in front of Reika and that she had showed her emotions to her and even kissed her. Erika hadn't heard about Reika after she had left her apartment. Erika sat up and took her phone from the nightstand. Clock was little over noon, she hadn't received any messages or calls. Erika was about to stand up when something caught her attention, her bedsheet was wet. Erika threw quilt away, there was huge dark patch on the bedsheet under her bottom. Erika touched the bedsheet with her hand and sniffed it.

"Ew!"

Erika realized what the smell was and at the same time she noticed that her panties were also soaked.

"What the hell?! This hasn't happened to me before"

Erika stood up and took bedsheet away from the bed, then she went to the bathroom and threw bedsheet and her panties and bra in the washing machine. After taking a long shower she returned to her room and took violet lace panties and bra from the wardrobe and put them on, she also put on the same clothes she had on earlier. Erika left her apartment without even knowing where to go.

Reika yawned and stretched her muscles. She was sitting in the library. She had come there early in the morning when library was opened. She hadn't slept at all, she had only visited her apartment to take a quick shower and change her clothes. Reika was now wearing short denim shorts and black tank top. Reika was sitting in the same corner where they had sat before. There was piles of books on the table in front of her, she was trying to find something useful. But so far she had no luck. Librarian walked to Reika. She was young, short and she had long blonde hair and kindly smile. She was wearing white kimono.

"Are you looking something specific book?" librarian asked.

"Yes, is there any books that tells how to get rid of malicious spirits?" Reika answered.

Librarian walked next to Reika and looked at the book piles on the table.

"Don't you need exorcist for that?" she asked.

"I don't know, that's why I'm asking from you" Reika answered.

"I have no idea" librarian said.

"Okay, thanks" Reika said.

"You'll never get rid of her"

"What?"

"You'll never get rid of her" librarian said again.

"Who are you talking about?" Reika asked.

"About the girl" librarian's voice was suddenly distant.

Reika turned her gaze to the librarian, she had turned transparent. Reika fell from the chair when she startled. She stood up and ran towards the front door but stopped soon. Whole library was full of transparent people and they were all staring at her. Reika trembled, she had strong urge to go to the bathroom but she managed to keep her pants dry. People started approaching her and Reika ran to the front door. Before she left the library she gazed back, people were gone but there was little girl standing in the middle of the library.

Erika walked into the small room and sat down at the table, she had received a call from Kyoko who asked her to come to the police station. When she had arrived to the police station, she had been guided to the interrogation room. Erika glanced at the one-way mirror, wondering if someone was watching her. Door opened and Erika turned her gaze to look who walked in, it was Reika.

"Reika? What are you doing in here?"

"Kyoko asked me to come here" Reika answered.

Right after Reika had answered, the door opened and Kyoko walked in. She was wearing gray jacket and skirt, she was carrying folder in her armpit.

"Sit down" she said to Reika and sat opposite Erika.

Reika glanced Erika briefly and sat next to her. Erika wondered if Reika was still angry about that kiss. Kyoko put folder on the table and opened it.

"We have to information about Haruna, she indeed died in dehydration and the urine on the corridor's floor was hers. It looks like that her kidneys were overactive and that caused dehydration" Kyoko said while looking at the folder.

"How is that possible?" Reika asked.

"Coroner is still investigating why her kidneys were overactive, coroner thinks that Haruna may have had disease" Kyoko answered.

Erika turned her gaze to the floor. She knew that Haruna didn't have any kind of diseases, she knew her well. Reika glanced Erika but didn't say anything.

"And we decided to close Yasuko's case. She obviously committed suicide" Kyoko said.

This time Erika glanced Reika, who turned her gaze to the floor.

"How can you be so sure?" Erika asked.

"There is no other logical explanation" Kyoko answered and raised her gaze from the folder.

This was all wrong but they couldn't tell the truth.

"I'll ask you one more time, do you know anything about the Shrine's fire?"

Reika raised her gaze and glanced Erika.

"We already told you, we know nothing" Reika answered.

"Cigarette was found from the Shrine's floor. It had Erika's fingerprints on it" Kyoko said.

Reika and Erika glanced each other.

"It was partly reason for the fire but there was also faulty wiring in the building" Kyoko said.

"What do you mean?" Erika asked.

"The girl who died in there, turned on the lights and that's when wirings sparkled and set the building on fire" Kyoko answered.

"So what does that mean?" Reika asked.

"The fire was an accident, it wasn't nobody's fault. That building should have been refurbish ages ago"

If it was an accident, then why was that girl haunting them?

"That was everything I had in mind. You can leave now" Kyoko said.

Kyoko stood up, put the folder in her armpit and left the room. Erika and Reika quickly stood up and left the room and the police station.

"If it was an accident, then what the fuck that girl wants from us" Erika asked.

"We thought that we killed her, that's probably the reason why she haunts us" Reika answered.

Erika stopped walking but Reika didn't stop.

"Reika?" Erika said.

But Reika didn't stop walking, she just turned her gaze down. Erika was sad, Reika was obviously still angry about that kiss.

Reika woke up, it was still dim. She rubbed her eyes and looked at the clock on the wall, it was barely 3 in the morning. Reika took her phone and looked at it, she had received a text message. It was the reason why she had woken up. Message was from Erika: I try to end this madness, I'm sorry about Yasuko, I'm sorry about everything, take care of yourself. Reika was suddenly worried, it sounded like Erika was going to do something irreversible. She chose Erika's number and tried to call her, there was no answer. Reika stood up and put her clothes on, hurried to the door and left her apartment.

Erika walked in the Shinto shrine. What was left of the building was excluded by police but Erika had ignored it. It all began there so maybe she could end it there.

"I'm here! Come and get me!" Erika yelled.

She looked around but didn't see the girl.

"Show yourself coward!" Erika said.

"Erika!?"

Erika turned around, Reika ran into the building and stopped in front of her.

"How did you know that I was here?" Erika asked.

"It was a hunch, you don't have to do this. We'll find another way" Reika answered.

"This is the only way to end this"

"No! There has to be another way" Reika looked like that she was about to cry.

Suddenly their surrounding felt oppressive, Erika turned around and Reika walked next to her. Little girl was standing in front of the shrine, Yasuko and Haruna were standing behind her. Erika and Reika glanced around, they were surrounded by the ghosts.

"You wanted me, here I am" girl whispered.

Erika trembled in fear, this didn't seem such a good idea anymore. Warm feeling spread in her panties. It gushed through them and soaked her pantyhose, ran down her legs and splashed on the floor.

"Take me! I killed you" Erika said.

"Erika don't do this" Reika whispered.

"Let her go, it's me who you want" Erika said to the girl.

"I won't let anyone go" girl's eyes glowed red.

Reika felt her bladder succumbing to the fear. Urine spurted into her shorts, it gushed through her shorts with great pressure and partly ran down her legs and splashed on the floor. Urine was still splashing on the floor when Reika heard footsteps behind her. She turned around and saw Kuchisake-onna walking towards them. She was tilting her head from side to side like she had obsessive-compulsive disorder.

"Am I beautiful?" Kuchisake-onna asked.

Erika glanced Reika.

"You shouldn't have come" Erika said.

"I will not let you do this alone" Reika said.

"You have to get out of here, it's me who they want"

"Don't be afraid Erika, we can be together forever" Haruna said.

"I won't let you take Erika, take me instead!" Reika stepped in front of Erika.

"No, take me!" Erika pushed Reika aside.

"Yasuko!" Reika yelled with tears in her eyes.

Suddenly Reika felt like someone grabbed her from the lower back and then she was thrown across the hall. She flew out the front door. When she managed to get up, the door closed and building caught fire.

"Erika!" Reika screamed.

The light hurt her eyes when she opened them. She was lying on the bed in a room but she didn't know where she was. She lifted her head a little to look around, her whole body was sore. A person was sleeping on the chair next to the bed. Person was wearing jeans and black hoodie.

"Reika?" Erika asked.

Person moved and woke up, she looked around and when she saw that Erika was awake she smiled.

"Erika! thank God you're okay" Reika said.

"Where am I?" Erika asked.

"You're in the hospital"

"How long?"

"Couple days"

"What happened? I saw you flying out the door and then the building was burning"

"I'm not sure but I think that it's over"

"How?" Erika sat up.

"I think that Yasuko's and Haruna's spirits helped us, they helped us to beat her"

"What? How?"

"I think they did it because of my feelings" Reika closed her eyes.

"What do you mean?" Erika asked.

"I made my decision, I want to be with you" Reika opened her eyes, few tears ran down her cheeks.

Erika stared at Reika.

"Did you hit your head?" Erika asked, she wasn't sure she had heard right.

"I really mean it, I want to be with you"

Reika leaned forward and Erika did so too, their lips met and they kissed passionately.

Epilogue

Reika placed the flowers at the foot of the gravestone, stood up and hold Erika's hand. They looked at the gravestone for a moment, the name on the stone was: Yasuko Kashima. They turned and walked to the other part of the graveyard. Erika and Reika were both wearing black kimono. They stopped in front of another gravestone, this time Erika placed flowers at the foot of the gravestone. Name on this stone was: Haruna Coda. Year ago on that same day they had made terrible mistake by going in the Shinto Shrine, that day changed their lives.

"I can't believe that a year has passed" Reika said.

"I don't know what I would have done without you" Erika answered.

Reika glanced Erika, Erika was smiling at her. Erika was no longer a bitch ever since they announced openly that they're dating. Finally Erika was able to be herself. Erika's parents had finally accepted that their daughter likes girls. Erika and Reika both have had few nightmares and bedwetting accidents but otherwise their lives had returned to normal. They glanced gravestone one more time, turned around and walked away.

The End
