Elevated Relief

Author: Daredare205

*000*2023-01-30 03:53

Welcome to my first ever double banger! I usually try to make stories that build socially and then end in desperation and wetting, but I decided one that's exclusively about these situations would be welcome!

The only two who won't be participating in the desperation and wetting elements are Damien and Travis. These two are also in my ongoing series Roxy - Friend Turned Family

Where an animalized human is discovered in the woods and struggles to discover what she is, where her abilities come from, and how to help those around her. Note that Damien and Travis' descriptions and personalities are copy-pasted from Roxy - Friend Turned Family.

Let's meet our troublesome duo before the real story begins!

Damien is a tall 26 year old man that lives in the city. He works on his sportscar and loves driving fast. He stands 5'11", often sporting black Dickies cargo jeans, a blue Summit Racing Equipment shirt and a white-on-gray hat with the 3RK logo on the front. He has blue eyes, brown hair parted high and swished over to the right, as well as black plastic glasses with blue accents. His car of choice is a 2004 Audi TT Roadster. The turbo charged, all-wheel-drive convertible captured his heart after the first test drive!

At 30 years old, Travis stood at at 6' 5" and was incredibly muscular! He featured a rather square face with green eyes and a partial beard. The man was a fitness nut, having become a manager at a local gym. His broad shoulders held onto long arms packed with muscle. You couldn't see it under his shirt, but he had a rather visible eight-pack. His chest was large and wide, as was his stomach and muscular legs. Everything about this man's figure was turned up to 11.

Story begins here!

This was shaping up to be a wonderful evening for the troublesome duo! They'd both secured dates with TOTAL HOTTIES that would start early in the afternoon and continue on through midnight! Both men were so deeply involved with their hobbies and passions that they put that on their profiles, narrowing their searches down to people who are into the same things. They'd ended up with Kristen and Bailey, two young and beautiful girls looking for a fun night!

At only 1:00 in the afternoon, Damien left to go pick up his date! At a current 75 degrees and a high of 82, it was perfect weather for Damien to put his convertible top down! He'd spent the previous day doing touch ups to the polish on his baby, and she currently shined like a diamond! He'd stored extra water bottles in a compartment behind the cupholders, those would be useful later!

Travis did the same. His Lincoln Town car was also a convertible, and it had space for some more goodies than just water bottles! He had some real fun planned!

At about 1:45, Damien reached his destination. He texted Kristen that he was there and honked his horn once. He was only waiting for a moment before she stepped out of her apartment. Damien got out of his car and greeted his new favorite person on the planet! Kristen was a 24 year old racecar driver who loved the challenges of the back roads during rain and snow! A perfect fit for Damien! As the duo exchanged pleasantries, they naturally checked each other out. Kristen couldn't help but notice how perfectly in shape Damien was! At 170lbs, Damien was exactly where he wanted to be!

Kristen on the other hand, she was even more perfect! At 5' 5" and 145lbs, she was also exactly where she wanted to be! Her C cup breasts perfectly filled her light blue party dress! Her perfect butt also filled the lower portion of her dress perfectly! The thin fabric swayed as she walked, creating a truly mesmerizing effect! Her blue eyes and brown hair only added to her perfect figure! She was even more beautiful than she was in the pictures online! Damien was going to have the time of his life!

At roughly 1:50, Travis reached his destination. He texted his date that he was there and also was not kept waiting. Out of the front door came Bailey, a 27 year old daughter of a gym owner! She often helped at the gym that her father owned and she liked it so much that she'd asked her father to hire her! Naturally, she was now the manager directly under her father! As the two exchanged pleasantries, they checked each other out as well.

At 5' 2", Bailey wasn't too tall, but she had everything where it was needed. Her DD cup breasts meant she had to have a party dress made to fit her, and man did the light blue dress do just that! It also did its best to cover her large butt, which was proportional to her DD size breasts! Her brown eyes and black hair added to the look she had going on, making her even better looking than the pictures online! Travis was truly going to have the time of his life!

Both men texted each other that they'd pickup up their dates and were ready to head to the lake! Both couples departed with their convertible tops open, with both girls enjoying the weather on the way there.

With it being slightly warm and no clouds in the sky, both men offered a water bottle to their dates. Of course, both girls drank it over the course of the ride to the lake.

Damien and Kristen arrived first. They got out, stretched, and claimed a picnic table by the swan-shaped paddle boats. They'd began talking about themselves, what they like to do, and what they'd do for the rest of the day! The afternoon fun was to be had at the lake, while the night fun would be had at the club!

A few minutes later, Travis and Bailey pulled up. The couple claimed a picnic table next to Damien and his date. They also began talking about whatever came to mind, and went over the plan for the night.

Both Damien and Travis purposely withheld the other plans they had... 😉

After about half an hour of chatting and getting a good understanding of what everyone liked to do, both couples got their swimwear out of their cars and got changed in the nearby locker rooms. You see, there was a wonderful secret about this lakeside park... There were no bathrooms in the locker rooms! The only bathroom (yes, singular) was attached to the pavilion on the far side of the park. You could barely even see the pavilion from the lake, and there were no signs for the bathrooms, so both girls had to get changed into their bikinis and come back to their dates without a bathroom break.

Damien and Travis packed a late lunch and a couple water bottles into picnic baskets which they placed in the swan boats. Greeting their dates, the duo showed their girls to the boats and both couples paddled out to the center of the lake. Now comes the fun part! They all four stood up on their swans and dove into the lake! Naturally, the muscular men were the first to make it back to the surface, with the girls only a few seconds behind.

The two couples swam a small distance away from each other and began a game of splash ball, followed by a foam frizbee. After about an hour of swimming and goofing off, they'd all returned to their swans and began eating their late lunches. Naturally, everyone had worked up a hunger and a thirst. Even though they still hadn't gone to the bathroom, both girls went ahead and had their water bottles over the course of the next 20 minutes.

After finishing lunch, the group retreated to the shore and reattached the swans to the pier before changing back into their good clothes.

"There has to be a toilet in here somewhere. Who's ever heard of a locker room without a toilet?" Said Bailey, doing a lap around the locker room. Kristen helped her look, but both came up empty. They just stood there, angry at who on earth designed a locker room with changing booths and showers but no toilets!

Damien and Travis simply peed in the showers, then ran the water for a moment to "flush" the showers so they wouldn't smell.

Once out of the locker rooms, Damien and Travis packed their picnic baskets away and waited for their dates to return.

"Maybe we should just ask." Said Kristen, upset that she was now reaching the limit of how much she could hold without showing her desperation.

"Yeah, can't hurt anything. Besides, I gotta go pretty bad too." Replied Bailey, also consciously stopping herself from showing her desperation.

The two girls came out of the locker rooms with their bikinis and placed them back in their bags.

Kristen was the one to ask. "Hey Damien, where are the restrooms around here?"

"Yeah, about that. Travis and I have a bet going. Whoever can hold it the longest gets $100! Loser gets $50, so it's worth your effort even if you don't win!" Said Damien, grinning like an idiot as he waved his $150 around in front of the girls!

"What?" Replied an angry Bailey.

"Simple. Whoever bursts first gets $50. The other gets $100. You're free to use the restroom at the pavilion if you'd like, but that will be considered a forfeit and you we'll cut your prize in half." Spoke Travis, using his booming voice to make sure the girls understand what's going on here.

"So it's just a holding contest with a prize?" Asked Kristen.

"Yep. That's all there is to it." Replied Travis.

"Awesome! This'll be the easiest $100 I've ever made!" Screamed Bailey, jumping with joy!

"In your dreams! That's my prize money, just you wait!" Yelled Kristen, taking one of her signature stances and pointing her live little finger at Bailey!

And wait they did... Over the next hour, both girls grew considerably desperate for the toilet. Neither could sit still anymore.

"Hey, if I were to... Go in the grass... Would I still get my $50?" Asked Kristen, her hands burried in her crotch! She was lifting one leg at a time, keeping her knees together, and her hips swayed from side to side! All this while she was slightly bent forward, a look of pure desperation on her face! Her modest size breasts were caught between her arms, squished together and protruding outwards! They bounced every time she swayed!

"Why wouldn't you? You'd lose the contest of course, but you'll still get your money." Replied Damien.

"Ready to give up over there?" Teased Bailey, a hand tugging at the end of her dress while she switched from foot to foot and swayed her hips side to side. Her large breasts bounced about as she bobbed, making for quite the show!

"No, not yet. I just don't wanna ruin my dress." Replied Kristen, holding back a humongous wave of desperation!

"Good! It'd be rather pathetic if you burst so soon!" Teased Bailey, desperately holding back the urge to jam her hands into her crotch!

Another 10 minutes went by before the first sure signs of a winner and loser became obvious...

Sweating from the effort required to continue her struggle, Bailey had both her hands burried in her crotch! She was doing a rather frantic pee dance, twisting and switching feet, bouncing on her heels, doubling over at times, bouncing her perfect ass and boobs to the ends of the world, and sporting a truly desperate expression!

Kristen wasn't doing too hot either... She was the first to put her hands in her crotch, and they still hadn't moved much. She'd often reposition one hand while the other stayed burried into her burning pussy! She continued twisting and shifting, doubling over once in a while, stomping and lifting her legs, anything she could do to keep the flood gates closed!

Finally, Bailey had reached her limit! "Alright alright I give up! I can't do it anymore!" She screamed, frantically looking for any privacy. Alas, there was none out here in the middle of the picnic area... With no options left, she hobbled over to the far side of a nearby picnic table and squatted down. She frantically lifted her dress as a few boiling hot spurts dampened her panties! Finally pulling per black panties aside, she let out a torrent akin to a broken fire hydrant!

"Okay okay you win! My turn!" Yelled Kristen, also hobbling over and hiding behind a nearby picnic table!

"Not just yet! It's a tie if you don't wait until Bailey finishes! You want your prize money, right?" Grinned Damien, again waving his money around like some sort of rich man betting on a street performance!

"But... But..." Muttered Kristen, putting all her remaining strength into keeping her boiling hot piss contained! She was doubling over, furiously grabbing her crotch, raising her knees to her stomach as she repeatedly switched feet, anything to keep her eruption contained! Finally, it happened! A boiling hot spurt dampened her panties and she frantically doubled over even harder, putting weight into her hands on her crotch!

Seeing the situation happening a few tables over, Bailey slowed her stream and took her sweet time to finish up! She giggled to herself as she continued to tease poor Kristen!

"Hurry up over there! I'm positively bursting over here!" Screamed Kristen, the desperation causing her voice to waiver. She continued her dance, her movements becoming even more frantic! She gasped loudly as another boiling hot spurt erupted into her hot pink panties! This time, it was almost impossible to stop the flow! What was left was nothing short of the most amazing potty dance anyone had ever seen, coupled with profuse sweating and sharp breathing!

Finally, Bailey centered her panties and let her dress back down. Standing up, she just caught a glimpse of Kristen as she quickly squatted down and yanked her panties aside! She'd already gotten a hold of her dress on her way down, so she already had it lifted.

"HAAAAHHHHHHHHH" Exclaimed Kristen! Her entire body shuddered as she was overcome with relief and pleasure! Her stream flew over 5 feet before finally slamming back down to the ground! She peed like fire hydrant for over a minute straight, impressing everyone watching!

"Here's your $50" Said Damien, handing a $50 bill to Bailey. Man she sure can put on a show! How is she still going?! Thought Damien, his eyes locked on Kristen who wasn't as well hidden as she'd hoped to be. He could make out the shape of her butt, the end of her stream on the far side of the table, and everyone could see her head sticking up from behind the table!

PHEW "That's better!" Said Kristen, not realizing she'd said that loud enough for everyone to hear...

"I bet it was! That was quite the show! You've definitely earned your pay! C'mon over and grab your $100!" Yelled Damien, waving at Kristen who was working on standing back up and straightening her dress out...

Kristen came over and put her prize money in her purse. She continued to talk about how much better she felt after that, and that she hadn't gone since 6:00 in the morning!

"You didn't pee since morning?!" Shrieked Bailey, now realizing she'd just competed with someone who hadn't used the restroom right before they left for their date. That thought really sunk in... How can anyone hold that much?!

We now skip ahead 4 hours. Everyone except for Kristen went to the restroom at the city park about an hour ago...

Arriving at the night club, both couples downed the house special! Raspberry Daiquiri with orange peel on the rim of the glass! It was so good, both girls downed several of these and chased them with a full bottle of Mountain Dew!

With their thirsts quenched and spirits ablaze, the couples took to the dancefloor! They danced and danced and danced! They took turns in the spotlight, dancing continuously for over an hour!

After that performance, they were all rather sweaty and had worked up another thirst to be quenched. Everyone had some cherry house cola before leaving.

As they walked out of the club, Damien spoke up. "There's actually one more place we had planned for tonight. There's an old lookout just north of here! It overlooks the entire city, and if you look the other way, you can escape the city's glow and see all the stars you never can in the city! We already reserved it, of course!"

"What's this 'we' nonsense? I paid for it. You didn't wanna pay for any of the reservations tonight, since you were handling the bet money!" Retorted Travis, pouting at Damien.

"Wait. You reserved everything? The park, the club, and the lookout?" Asked a curious Kristen, wondering just how much money these two dudes had...

"Yep. Although the club was just to make sure they didn't fill up before we got there." Said Travis, still glaring at Damien. "You see, our buddy Damien here is rather popular with both the authorities and the local businesses. He's organized the dispersal of rallies, paid for homeless shelters, and ran campaigns to promote local small businesses. Needless to say, the city does what it can to return the favor."

"Yeah, that about sums it up. Being popular also means being busy, even if that's with people that are as much animals as they are people..." Said Damien, pulling out a picture of Roxy drooling over a pan of Hamburger Helper!

"Those ears are not a headband, and that tail is not a belt. She's got claws too, nearly cut me in half..." Giggled Travis.

"Knocked the whole table over too..." Laughed Damien.

"It was fun while it lasted. She doesn't belong in the city." Said Travis, trying to keep the conversation grounded so their dates wouldn't get jealous.

"Definitely not. Everything just seemed alien to her. She didn't know how to use forks and knives, never slept on a real bed, even just the hot water seemed to amaze her!" Responded Damien, following Travis' lead to keep this conversation about Roxy's differences instead of talking her up.

"Remember how she understood the pets though? I'd given Sasquatch one of those Salmon Lovers meals that morning, yet she went and complained to Roxy that she hadn't had any of her fishies in over a week."

"Who's Sasquatch?" Asked Kristen, entranced by the picture she was looking at... Cat ears sticking out of Roxy's head, a tail sticking out just below her behind, and real claws... Simply amazing!

"My cat." Answered Travis.

"She understood your pet cat?" Asked Bailey, filled with amazement towards whoever this Roxy person was!

"Yep. The dog too. That one really surprised me. I asked her if she can understand all the animals in the world, and she said she probably could if she had enough time... She also said she's more fluent in bear than she is in English or feline. Something about being forced to learn so she could stop them from bullying her over territory." Responded Damien.

"She lives in the woods?" Asked Bailey.

"Uh, she did for a while before I found her out there starving. Her shelter was falling apart and she said she'd been kept at a farm and abused before making her escape. Thing is, nobody walks the road that goes by the woods where she made her shelter, and she was deathly afraid of cars. It was a struggle convincing her to come back so I could get her a proper meal and some good clothes. We had a whole adventure. Eventually, our dog helped her sniff out her mother. Turns out, she comes from a whole family of animalized people that live in a mansion in the woods. It's really burried though, like you'd never find it if you didn't already know it was there. No roads or driveway or anything." Said Damien, doing his best to talk up Roxy's abilities instead of her as a person... Last thing he wanted to do was make his date jealous of someone he'd spent the night with before... But they didn't need to know that part...

"That's just... What do I even say?" Muttered Kristen, somewhat jealous, but mostly just amazed with this Roxy person they were talking about...

"You don't know the half of it. I know it sounds like I'm making this up, but she jumps so high you can't even see her! Damien told me that she sprints on all fours and leaps from the base of one tree to another. I got to see a bit of this at the mansion too. She's probably faster than a lot of the traffic around here when she's really going for it!" Said Travis.

"Uhuh... Either way, we should get started. We'll miss our reservation if we don't get going!" Said Damien, taking the opportunity to change the subject to literally anything else.

"Yeah, you lead the charge!" Said Travis, showing his date back to his car. Damien did the same...

"It said on your bio that you're a racecar driver, and I saw you own an S2000. I was wondering... Wanna put your harness on and we'll hit the twisties on the backroads to the lookout?" Said Damien, trying to get his mind to switch off of Roxy... This night was supposed to be about his date, and about the next game they had planned...

"Sure! Show me what this baby can do!" Said Kristen, readjusting her dress and tightening the harness down. Luckily, her dress covered just enough skin that the harness didn't make contact with any bare areas on her.

"Alright! Here we go!" Said Damien, slipping his baby into first gear and taking off!

The two of them went for one hell of a ride! Damien was alternating between all wheel drive drifting and inner wheel lifts as he swung back and forth through the backroads! These roads were barely wide enough to drive normally, and somehow he was navigating them flawlessly at over 80 mph at night! Not just that, but she found herself amazed by how refined his maneuvers were! He'd lift up the inside wheel and hang it over the dilapidated shoulders before setting the car back down on all four wheels. At no point in any of this did Kristen feel the wheel come off the ground. Far as she was aware, Damien had simply figured out the car's center of balance.

And not just that! Even though they were going upwards of 80 mph and Damien had to repeatedly slow down for turns and then speed back up, Kristen never got moved in her seat! Even at this speed, his driving was so smooth that she wasn't even sure if she needed the harness... Hell, she couldn't even feel when he changed gears. She's seen him do it over and over, but never felt any of it! Even when he drifted, he moved the car's weight so smoothly that the tires never screeched and the car never jerked when he straightened back out and gunned it!

Several times, the turbo's whistle had become a howl, and she still felt like he wasn't driving hard... And that's exactly what was going on. Damien wasn't driving hard at all. He was just cruising, albeit at a much higher speed that most others could ever pull off.

Travis on the other hand, he definitely wasn't a racer. His car's headlights lit up the road just enough for him to drive normally, which was rather smooth and just a hair over the speed limit. He and his date were going slow enough to still hear each other over the wind through the open convertible, and they found themselves talking about critters they'd seen in the woods recently.

Naturally, Damien and his date arrived far earlier than Travis and crew. They got out of the car, stretched, and went for a quick walk to kill some time.

Arriving about ten minutes later, Travis and his date stood up and stretched... Well, as best they could... Bailey's bladder was filling up again and she was to the point where stretching would make it near impossible to hide her situation...

"Hey guys! You ready to head up to the top?" Asked Damien, nodding to the top of a square tower with aircraft warning lights on the corners.

"I'm good. You ready, Bailey?" Responded Travis.

"Yeah, that's cool. There's restrooms, right?" Responded Bailey.

"Yep. The nice ones that're always clean are on the fourth floor." Responded Damien.

"Okay. Then we're ready. We'll make a pit stop on the fourth floor." Said Bailey.

Phew. Glad she spoke up so I don't have to. Thought Kristen. She hadn't gone to the bathroom since the park... Not only did she have the alcohol and the bottle of mountain dew and can of club soda in her, but since she hadn't peed since the picnic area, she still had a bottle of water sloshing around in her too!

The group entered the elevator and pressed 4. The old elevator started up, dinging on the second and third floors before stopping on the fourth floor and opening the doors. Exiting the elevators, the girls followed the signs to the nearest restrooms.

"Under Renovations. Additional facilities in penthouse." Read the sign in front of the restrooms...

The girls came walking back to the elevator, explaining the situation to their dates. Damien went ahead and hit the button for the top floor, and the old elevator once again started its way up the shaft.

Travis started a conversation about the elevator at a mall he likes, and how it has glass sides so you can see everything around you as you go up and down. The girls joined in, taking the opportunity to keep themselves distracted from their need...

Looking at the floor indicator, Travis thought something was up... It hadn't dinged in a moment, and he was sure they'd gone up several floors since it last changed... Suddenly, the old elevator shook to a stop!

"What the hell?!" Screamed Kristin, taking her hand off her crotch after grabbing it momentarily when the elevator shook.

"Looks like we're stuck. I'll call for help." Said Damien, pulling away the cover to the emergency phone underneath the controls. He picked it up, only to find it to be dead. No dial tone, no response when he tried asking if anyone was there, and nothing happened when he hit the Alarm button. "Bad news. Phone doesn't work. I'll call the police on my cell phone and have them get us out of here. It's not safe to try to force our way out."

"Tell them to hurry! I really gotta go over here!" Said Kristen, doing her best to avoid shoving a hand between her legs...

"Don't worry. I'll tell them what's up." Responded Damien, pulling out his cell phone and finding it to also be dead. "Travis, gimme your phone. I'm out of battery."

Travis reached in his pocket, only to realize he'd left his phone on the holder in his car.

"Either of you girls got a phone?" Asked Damien, looking to Kristen and Bailey.

"Yeah, use mine!" Said Kristen, handing her phone over to Damien.

Dialing 9-1-1, Damien only had to wait a couple seconds before someone picked up. He explained his situation, and asked that they hurry, as he's got a situation brewing in here. It's getting rather hot with the ventilation not working. "Okay..." "Okay..." "Thank you."

"They said they have to contact the company that maintains the elevator so that they know whether or not it's safe to force the doors open." Said Damien, relaying the news to everyone else.

It was a long five minutes before their cell phone rang once again. Damien picked up, finding it to be the same 9-1-1 operator. He once again thanked her for her help before hanging up.

"They'll be here in about two hours. In the meantime, we should open the hatch on the ceiling so it doesn't get deathly hot in here." Said Damien, once again calmly relaying the news to everyone else in the elevator.

"That's not fair! I can't wait that long!" Cried Bailey, tears forming in her eyes as she began to panic!

"I don't think I can wait that long either... Said Kristen, now placing a hand on the edge of her dress...

"Well, if you really can't wait, you could always just go in the corner. I'm sure they'll understand if we explain our situation." Said Travis, doing his best to keep his date calm.

"I'M NOT DOING THAT!" Said Bailey. At least she seemed slightly less panicked...

"How about we play a game to pass the time? It's called Never Have I Ever. We just take turns talking about things we have and haven't done." Said Damien, once again taking charge of the situation. His inability to panic sure came in handy in situations like this...

And so, an hour went by while the group talked about things they've done, things they wished they'd done, and things they regretted doing...

"Oooh I gotta GO!" Exclaimed Bailey, her hands in her crotch and her legs shifting back and forth... She wasn't frantic like she was at the picnic area, but she was definitely showing her need for the toilet.

"Yeah, me too..." Responded Kristen, gently tugging at the edge of her dress as she rubbed her knees together...

"It's okay. We're already halfway there. Just another hour and we'll be free." Said Travis, leaning against the wall out of boredom.

Travis didn't tell anyone that he had more than a telescope in his backpack... He also had a see through portable toilet with the female tip on it! He'd planned to really hydrate his date and make out over a full bladder before making her go in a very visible manner, but that now seemed like it would go rather differently... He'd brought this along as a way to tease his date and make sure he could keep her urine for later, but now it looked like they might be the salvation his date needed! "Hold on, I have something that might help. Unfortunately, I only have though..."

Travis pulled out a 1.5L portable urinal complete with the tip so girls could easily use it without spilling!

"Naughty man! What on earth were you planning with that thing?" Asked Damien, a shit eating grin stretching from one ear to the other!

"Just... You know... Some extra fun... Looks like that just changed though." Responded Travis, his cheeks beat red with embarrassment.

"Only one? What do we do?" Asked Kristen, her eyes moving to Bailey who looked like she was feeling it a lot more than Kristen was...

"You could both go just enough to take the edge off, or one of you could just let go... And leave the other desperate...." Said Damien, a boner forming in his pants!

"I... I can wait... Give it to Bailey. Look at the poor thing, she's already grabbing herself..." Said Kristen, offering the full container to Travis's date. Her bladder protested profusely, but she simply told it to toughen up. She'd held longer than this before, and there's no reason she couldn't do it again.

"That's unfair and you know it! I'll only use half of it, and you can have the other half." Responded Bailey, reaching for the portable urinal. "Everyone... Turn around..." She said as she turned to face the corner of the elevator and hiked her dress up. She lowered her panties and squatted down before allowing a slow stream to start. "hooohhhhhhhh" She said to herself, trying her best to stay quiet...

The sound of her boiling hot piss hitting the urinal was just so amazing to Damien and Travis... The two sported some of the hardest boners they'd had in a long time!

Within a couple seconds, Bailey's stream picked up in intensity and was now splashing loud against the urine already in the container! "This is bad... I can't stop it..." She said to herself, trying her best to stop her stream. No use, her entire body shuddered as it continued pouring out of her... She'd nearly filled the urinal to the top... No room for Kristen to use it...

Bailey set the urinal down on the floor, stood up, pulled her panties up, and lowered her dress. "Kristen, I'm so sorry! There's no room for you to use it... Really, I'm sorry! I just couldn't stop!" Said Bailey, now beginning to cry as she realized what she'd done to her fellow passenger.

"Don't cry. I told you I could wait. I've waited longer than this before." Said Kristen, trying her best to hide her desperation. She couldn't stop her knees from rubbing together, but she at least managed to take her hand off her dress...

"I wouldn't worry about it. What's done is done. What's important now is staying calm." Said Damien, placing a spare baggie around the urinal to stop the smell from flooding the elevator.

Another 45 minutes past, and the situation had changed...

Poor Kristen was positively bursting! She had her hands burried in her crotch, her legs switched back and forth as she rubbed her thighs together and constantly switched feet... Her breathing was labored, her body shook, and she couldn't stand up straight anymore!

Damien took a look at her bladder... A WATERMELON! He thought, seeing the massive organ pushing against her dress. There's no way she's gonna last much longer...

"C'mon guys just get here already! I really can't wait much longer!" Said Kristen, continuing her dance as she began to sweat.

"It's okay. None of us will make fun of you if you need to pee on the floor." Said Travis, trying to find any way to salvage the situation....

"I'M NOT DOING THAT!" Kristen yelled, stomping her feet loudly!

"Well, isn't it better than wetting yourself?" Said Damien, giving her a concerned look...

"I'm not doing that either! I can wait." She said, now grabbing herself a little tighter...

Another ten minutes went by and still no sign of the rescue crew.

Poor Kristen was in shambles... She was doing one of the most frantic pee dances anyone had ever seen! Sweat was dripping off her face, her feet slammed against the floor while her thighs rubbed together with great strength, her breathing had turned into painful moaning, and she was nearly completely doubled over!

"Hey Bailey, do me a favor! Quick! Pull my panties down! I can't let go or I'll lose it!" Shouted Kristen, her entire body continued to shudder as spurt after spurt escaped, soaking her panties and starting a softball size wet spot on her dress! Her boiling hot piss wanted out RIGHT NOW, and it was making that all too clear!

"O-Okay." Said Bailey, reaching over and lifting the back of Kristen's dress. She tried her best to lower the poor girl's panties, but they wouldn't move!

"Honey, you gotta move your hands. I can't get your panties down while you're clutching them."

Kristen let out a load, hot moan as she changed her grip... One hand at a time, she moved them inside her panties, now directly against her burning pussy! Another powerful, boiling hot spurt escaped her grip! It forced its way through the gaps in her fingers and fell to the floor!

Finally, Bailey got the poor girl's panties down!

Kristen let out another hot moan as she readied herself to drop to a squat, only for the elevator doors to finally open!

Outside stood police officers and maintenance men, turning away when they saw what was going on...

"I can't... Not like this..." Yelled Kristen, losing another spurt through her fingers, running down her legs and dripping onto the floor! "Ah!" She exclaimed as her hold crumbled further... "THERE'S A BATHROOM ON THIS FLOOR, RIGHT?!" She screamed, getting a nod from one of the maintenance men...

"It's right around the corner to the right." Said the man in a company uniform.

"Thank you so much!" She yelled, hobbling out of the elevator! She'd completely forgotten that her panties were already down as she tripped and fell... Her boiling hot piss started shooting out of her as she lie there on her stomach! She moaned and cried, tried to get up but couldn't stop the flow, and finally just let it happen. It'd already soaked into the front of her dress and everything...

"I-I'm so sorry..." Said the maintenance man, getting towels from a nearby supply closet. "Rest assured, you'll all get a full refund."

And with that, Kristen went into the restroom and cleaned herself up as best as she could before the group took the stairs back down to the first floor. Damien placed a couple towels on the car seat and raised the top so Kristen wouldn't be embarrassed about people seeing her as they drove back to her place...

Once there, She started a shower and invited Damien!

The two had the time of their lives, burning red hot with passion while they did it in the shower!

*001*2023-01-30 04:06

For those interested, this sort takes place after Part 12 of Roxy - Friend Turned Family, found here https://www.omorashi.org/topic/84114-roxy-friend-turned-family/

*003*2023-02-02 23:43

{{9 hours ago, daisyduke said:

Amazing story!

}}

Thank you!

