The Ultrasound Room - A Nurse's Introduction to Full Bladdered Desperation

Author: Daredare205

*000*2023-06-22 21:52

Hello all,

I'm finally writing fiction again! This story revolves around Alissa, a nurse who recently began working at a hospital. She would spend the day observing the staff in the ultrasound room, and feel something entirely new to her as the day went on!

This story contains nudity and sexual scenarios.

Slowly waking up, Alissa rubber her eyes before stretching her long slender arms towards the ceiling. She took a moment to admire her perfectly sculped red nails before looking over at the alarm clock. 5:15AM, 15 minutes before her alarm. This left her with 2 hours and 15 minutes before she needed to leave to go to work. She pushed the covers off of her, revealing her tall, slender body, which came in at 6' 2" of perfection. She turned off her alarm for the morning and grabbed the set of blue nurses scrubs she had set aside the night before. She was so excited for her first shift doing something more than just paperwork and online learning courses! Her long, straight, brown hair flew behind her as she ran to the bathroom, starting the water for her shower.

Then it hit her... Her body would not let her forget that she did not use the restroom the night before, and it was currently creating a hell of an urge to pee! She closed her legs, her blue eyes squinting as she contracted her holding muscles and bent forward, pushing a hand hard against her crotch as she continued to play with the knobs on the shower. She needed the water to be the right temperature, but she needed to pee right away! She settled for close enough, rushing in and barely pulling the shower curtain closed as her flood gates burst open, unleashing a torrent of golden liquid down the area between her open legs and onto the shower floor! Something about the sound of her stream crashing into the tub always turned her on, and she grabbed her breasts and moaned as she continued to unleash the night's contents!

Unfortunately, the moment was short lived. Once her stream ended and the relief faded into comfort, her cheeks stopped burning and her body snapped out of its hot, kinky horniness. Finally, she had the chance to set the temperature EXACTLY where she wanted it! She started with her hair, running her fingers through it and making sure there were no clumps before she applied her fancy shampoo. The fancy shampoo she had was excellent, it always did more than expected in just a single use. Long gone were the days of washing her hair twice! And the conditioner?

Oh yeah, the peppermint scented conditioner always made her hair radiate with the most exquisite of scents! As for her face wash, she used a mint scented face scrub that did a wonderful job of complimenting the scent of her peppermint shampoo! Her body wash was an unscented scrub that always produced the best bubbles against every inch of her skin! She only needed a couple droplets on a wash cloth and she could do her arms, chest, stomach, and back (with the help of a long brush with the wash cloth wrapped around it). She preferred unscented body washes, as it meant she could choose which perfume to use that day without having to worry about whether or not it would go with her body wash.

Alissa squeezed the extra water out of her hair before stepping out of the shower and grabbing her towel. She always started with her face, moving the towel in delicate swirls as to not make her skin red or itchy while it was still sensitive from the steam of the shower. Next, she took the towel to every inch of her body, delicately removing all the moisture from her entire exterior before blow drying her hair. As per her usual, she used the blow dryer on low heat for a moment to get her hair to a partially damp state, then she ran a wide bristled comb through it before putting her panties and bra on. Finally, she finished drying her hair and positioned it perfectly before applying dry shampoo to keep it pristine all day long! Before putting the rest of her clothes on, she applied a few sprays of her favorite dirty vanilla perfume!

At long last, she pulled her nurses scrubs over her head and applied her hairspray, followed by sliding her scrub pants up her perfectly slender legs and setting the zipper and button. Finally, she looked at herself in the mirror and applied a very minimal amount of makeup before giving herself the mental thumbs up of a morning well spent.

She walked downstairs, preparing herself dippy eggs, fried has browns, bacon, orange juice, and a small glass of chocolate milk. After downing her breakfast and washing her dishes and cookware, she made her morning deposit in the toilet and came back downstairs to watch TV for a bit. Pressing the large red button, her favorite show came on the big screen! "Oh, I love this episode!" She said, her eyes fixed on the tall muscular man wrestling a bear, and winning! She never knew why, perhaps it was just how all the stars were ripped to hell and back, but she'd been hooked on World's Biggest Musclehead since it started 5 years back. It didn't matter how many times the episodes repeated, they were well worth watching. At least, until her phone went off. It was her alarm, time to get moving for work.

She got in her Honda Civic and turned the radio on before turning the key. One of her favorite talk shows was on. Today's topic was how to lose weight without giving up your favorite foods. She definitely didn't need to lose weight, but she always memorized what the techniques were, and would use bits and pieces of them to keep herself right at the perfect weight. This sort of love for her lifestyle is what fueled her passion to help others, and vice versa. When she was pleased like this, even the traffic didn't bother her.

She arrived to work 25 minutes before her shift began and started conversations with her new coworkers. She was just so excited she could hardly contain herself! Topics ranged from health to boyfriends to what cars they drove to what they were doing after work, and before anyone knew it, they were out of time. Time to get to work.

Alissa fluffed her hair and opened the door to her supervisor's office to report in for the day. The morning introductions only took a few minutes, and then she was off! She was part of team B, a 2 person team working in ultrasound room 2. Here, she would get to comfort pregnant women, talk about the wonders of life, giggle about how cute all the babies looked, etc etc... What she didn't expect was what would happen right away...

The door burst open, revealing a young woman bouncing in place as she spoke in a rushed manner. "I'm sorry, but can you do this quickly? They kept me waiting SOOO LOOOONG and I have to pee SOOOOO BAAAAAD!" The words flew out of the young lady's mouth before anyone really got a good look at this 22 year old beauty! She was quickly sat down and told that she would have to lie flat, and that for certain parts of the test, she would need to remain still. It became obvious that this information hit the young lady like a freight train, causing her excited face to briefly contort into one of worry...

"Don't worry, these tests don't take long. We'll have you out of here and on your way to the bathroom in no time!" Said Alissa, putting the gel on the paddle and handing them over to Kristen, a more experienced coworker who would be the one actually performing the ultrasound.

The young lady pressed her knees together and tried to hide the worry on her face... "I hope you're right..." She muttered, realizing the situation she was in. Her mother forced her to bring spare clothes, and she had protested the entire morning, but now, she might be glad that she listened to her mother... The pressure within her continued to grow. Apple juice, milk in her cereal, a tall glass of water before she left, the water they gave her in the waiting room, and the 90 minutes they kept her waiting... It all wanted out, and the only thing between her and relief was a test that supposedly would be quick, and a dash to the nearest toilet.

To pass the time, conversations started about how the equipment worked, what the two nurses do outside of work, and what this young lady had planned for the rest of her day. Truth is, this was her plan for the day. She was so excited to see the growing baby within her, she hadn't even considered that there was a whole second half of the day... Maybe she'd go out with friends, maybe she'd cook one of her signature dishes, maybe she'd just play video games. Her worry started to fade as her mind started to explore the second half of the day, until Kristen placed the paddle on the young lady's belly.

"AH! COLD!" Escaped the young lady's mouth as her eyes closed tightly and her entire body shuddered in place! Her bladder quivered within her, forcing her to grab herself as her knees slammed shut! She was sure she'd just leaked... She just hoped it wasn't enough to make a visible wet spot. But when she opened her eyes, she saw that both nurses were focused on the monitor. Phew... What a relief, they weren't giggling at her desperation or examining her wet spot... Then again, why would they? They have a job to do, after all, and they were doing it well. Well, Kristen was basically doing everything... Alissa closely watched Kristen's movements and would periodically look up at the screen, seeing the baby slightly move from time to time! The room fell silent, all parties involved were observing the miracle of a new life being made within this beautiful young lady!

"And there we go, all done! You can use the toilet now, we'll have some pictures for you when you come back." Said Kristen, tossing the rags she'd just use to clean the gel from the young lady's stomach.

"Thank you thank you thank you!!!" Shouted the young lady, hunching over as she stood up before bolting out the door!

Alissa looked at the floor and saw the remnants of the young lady's struggle to escape the room... While she hadn't left a whole trail, her dribbles meant that Alissa had to get out one of the spill pads and perform her cleaning dance. She knew how to make everything fun, and when it came to these spill pads, she just put one under each foot and began dancing, scooting across the floor with the pads under her feet. Before she knew it, she'd already reached the doorway. She picked up the pads, noted the small damp spots on them, and disposed of them.

Meanwhile, a commotion could be heard down the hall...

"I'M BEGGING YOU! LET ME GO FIRST! I'M GONNA POP!" The words flew out of the young lady's mouth in a frantic rush, her entire body shaking in desperation as a housekeeper began to stop aside. While it was only a few seconds before she entered the bathroom, this young lady's bladder could've sworn it was years! She hopped in place, switched feet, slammed her knees together, nothing helped anymore... She had begun to lower her pants when her dam broke, spraying boiling hot piss into her pink panties! She frantically sat down, releasing the rest of her bladder's contents into the toilet as the wetness of her mini accident began to warm her legs. She wanted to cry so badly, but fought to keep her composure. She kept pulling out more paper towels, but it was no use... She couldn't hide a leak that large... She had no other choice. She pulled out her cell phone and called her mother, asking her to bring her spare pants and panties to the restroom.

Luckily, the housekeeper already figured out what was up, and stepped around the corner to give the two ladies some privacy. The young lady only cracked the restroom door, grabbing the pants and panties from her mother, as well as a large baggie for her soiled clothes. Once again pulling the door closed, the young lady pulled her wet pants and undies down and took them off completely, depositing them in her bag. She took paper towels to her legs before putting on her new panties and pants. Something nagged at her not to open the bathroom door, but she knew she couldn't stay in there forever. When she opened the door, her mother had already stepped aside. She simply handed the bag of dirty clothes to her mother and thanked her for making her bring the spare clothes.

The young lady went back to the ultrasound room, her presence putting the brakes on the conversation that was going on between Kristen and Alissa. The young lady was given the papers she was owed, and the trio spent a few moments going over the images of the miracle growing within her. Finally, something to pull her out of her funk! She couldn't help but laugh as her spirits were lifted back up again by these two nurses. Truly they must be some of the best around.

Another few patients came and went, presenting their own miracles of life growing within them, as well as one more show of desperation. Alissa knew it was just work, and she shouldn't take pleasure or displeasure in other's misfortune, but something was brewing within her awakening mind. All these shows of desperation, all the attractive women holding back full bladders, it was making her wish she was in that situation so she could experience that kind of desperation for herself. And she knew exactly how to do it. Break time was in an hour, and she would not allow herself to use the restroom during her lunch. However, there was one more patient before lunch.

Into the room came a nervous young lady... She was barely over 18 and it was obvious that she really didn't want to be here. Kristen and Alissa had read through the young lady's papers a bit earlier and already knew what she was in for. Her doctor needed the ultrasound images from her bladder, as the young lady had bounced off of a few doctors and tried different medications, but nothing was working. Her accidents continued, and her social life was in shambles. As much as she didn't want to be here, where she could potentially have an accident in front of nursing staff, she knew she would never make any progress if she didn't at least try. So here she was, with her baggie of skin safe wipes and spare clothes hanging from her left hand.

"H... Hi. I'm Kelsey, thank you for seeing me today." The young lady gave off a lot of nervous movements, matching her records perfectly. It really was a shame for her to be riddled with these problems at such a young age, but at least she was on track to getting them taken care of. She truly was the best around when it came to finding a silver lining in impossible situations.

Kristen and Alissa introduced themselves to the young lady and explained what an ultrasound consisted of, and the position she would need to be in. Therein lied the issue... Upon lying flat on her back, Kelsey's bursting full bladder stuck out like a watermelon! Alissa's mind started to wander... Perhaps this young lady wasn't just nervous about the test... She must be using those nervous movements to hide her desperation. Kristen flew through the material she was required to read before the test began, and Alissa began putting the gel on the pads.

"This is gonna be really cold." Said Kristen, waiting just a moment before placing the paddle on Kelsey's stomach. The ultrasound began by tracing the perimeter of the young lady's bladder, which seemed to push her desperation up to 11! She shook in place, sweat ran down her face, her hands clenched into fists, and finally, she simply couldn't stop herself anymore! Her legs SLAMMED shut, pressing her knees and thighs together so hard the skin turned white! Unfortunately, this position just wouldn't do.

Kristen knew this would be the last thing this young lady wanted to hear, but it had to be said. After all, the test wouldn't work as things were now. "Um, Kelsey, you have to keep you legs open. We can't get a good image with your legs closed like that."

Kelsey's face contorted into nothing but worry as she tried to relax her legs and pull them apart from each other, but she was just too desperate. "I... I can't. If I take my legs apart, I'll wet my pants."

"That's okay. Just try for me, okay? We can always help you clean up if it truly comes to that." Said Kristen, pulling the paddle away from the young lady's stomach as she expressed genuine compassion for the young lady. Alissa came over and reached out, asking the young lady to hold her hand. She would offer support and help the young lady through this.

"O-okay..." Sighed Kelsey, pulling her shaking legs apart from each other. Her hands clenched into fists as her entire body shuddered in desperation! The screen showed the muscles around her bladder spasming and contracting, putting up a real fight against Kelsey's will to keep her flood within her! She kept fighting with everything she had, but it would inevitably end in defeat...

PSSSHHHHH!! "NO!" Shouted the young lady, closing her eyes in desperation while whipping her free hand into her crotch as she fought to stem the flow, but nothing could help her now... Her boiling hot flood did exactly what she was afraid it would... It ran down her legs, soaking her black panties and pink pants. Despite the accident in progress, the ultrasound continued. What her bladder was doing right now was important information for her doctor.

Alissa's cheeks started to burn, and she had to focus on her job in order to prevent herself from breathing heavy and moaning... The accident in progress was really turning her on, but she couldn't do anything about that right now... She had to stay professional. She looked up at the screen, seeing the cause of the accident in progress! She had never seen anything like it! The muscles around the young girl's bladder had all gone crazy! Given how hard they were all contracting, it was a miracle she lasted as long as she had.

Finally empty, the test continued for a moment as the muscles around the young lady's bladder finally relaxed, leading to her breaking down in tears right there on the ultrasound table. Whatever emotions Alissa was high on immediately shattered as her instincts kicked in. She immediately comforted the young lady, helping her clean up before wrapping her in a large sheet and escorting her to the nearest restroom to change. With the young lady inside the restroom, Alissa took the moment to assure herself that she was going through with her plan. While she would prefer not to wet herself in front of everyone, she wanted to feel the embarrassment of genuine desperation in public.

End of part 1. Part 2 coming in the next few days.

*003*2023-06-23 20:50

{{7 hours ago, Scalar said:

This is great!

}}

{{2 hours ago, PhirePower said:

This was such a great fic! You write very well!

}}

Thank you so much for the feedback! I put a fair amount of time into the story, trying out a more comfy writing style than my older fics. I'll take the feedback as a big thumbs up on my attempts at a new writing style!

Please let me know of any suggestions for the next part so I can refine my writing 🙂

I work morning shift this weekend, and I may find some inspiration to get writing. If not, I will post the next part on Tuesday, which is my next day off.

*005*2023-06-27 13:13

Hihi, I'm aware that I said this story would be ready today. If I find time towards the second half of the day, I would still like to do that. However, right now, I'm engrossed with one of my ongoing stories for Fur Affinity. Didn't realize I made myself a conflicting schedule lol

*007*2023-06-30 00:37

{{2 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

Take your time!

We will be there and enjoy the next chapter whenever you are ready 🙂

}}

Taking my time with everything right now. Had a rhythm correction shock a couple weeks back, felt much better, then started not feeling great again. I go in for one of those pacemakers with the extra wire for branch blocks on July 17th. Until then, all things in moderation.

Due to just low energy and whatnot, I've been getting home from work (I'm on light duty in what was already an easy job) already tired and just doing nothing, basically losing the second half of my day.

I will get this story to you guys when I can, and believe me, it'll have plenty of real effort put in it. For now, I'm just waiting for the right mood to strike me. Genuinely had less kinky thoughts and writing inspiration since fainting spells, so I don't really have a set date at this point.

*010*2023-08-01 23:05

{{On 6/29/2023 at 8:37 PM, Daredare205 said:

Taking my time with everything right now. Had a rhythm correction shock a couple weeks back, felt much better, then started not feeling great again. I go in for one of those pacemakers with the extra wire for branch blocks on July 17th. Until then, all things in moderation.

Due to just low energy and whatnot, I've been getting home from work (I'm on light duty in what was already an easy job) already tired and just doing nothing, basically losing the second half of my day.

I will get this story to you guys when I can, and believe me, it'll have plenty of real effort put in it. For now, I'm just waiting for the right mood to strike me. Genuinely had less kinky thoughts and writing inspiration since fainting spells, so I don't really have a set date at this point.

}}

Update time: The device in question is called a biventricular pacemaker. Almost all the pain from surgery is gone now, and I've got most of my stamina back.

Mentally, I'm still in "recovery mode" and haven't been doing anything sexual, thinking kinky things, etc etc... I'm hoping it comes back to me once I'm done with recovery 🙂

*012*2023-08-25 16:52

{{1 hour ago, holdit247 said:

Sorry to hear of your health concerns and hope the new pacemaker is working.

Love this story, it's a new take on an incredibly hot scenario.

}}

Thank you for the words of encouragement! I've pretty much completely recovered and it seems to be working very well. I've got more stamina than ever before and my blood pressure is now averaging around 115/75, as opposed to my old average of 90/60-75/50. It used to move around a bit, on top of my average being rather low.

Unfortunately, my creative drive hasn't come back yet. As stated above, I'll try to come back to this story if/when I find the inspiration.

I appreciate everyone being patient with all this! It was never my intention to just leave y'all hanging.

*014*2024-05-26 14:58

👋 👋 👋 👋 👋 👋

I'M BAAAAACK!

Little teaser for part 2, I'll call it part 1.5 for now.

Finally, it was break time! No longer was Alissa tied to her partner Kristen. She was free to explore the cafeteria, order whatever fantastic meal her heart desired, and sit with whomever she pleased! Getting out of that ultrasound room felt like running outside to a breath of fresh air. True, she really loved her job helping people, her coworkers were genuinely pleasant and her boss was a very kind and understanding person, but there was something about break time that made her day even more special. Was it the pleasant atmosphere of the cafe? Maybe the short escape from her duties in the ultrasound room? It was none of these, and all of these. In truth, it was the fact that Jason was sitting alone! How lucky could she be to sit with the miracle man himself on her first day?

First, however, she needed to order something to eat. Decisions, decisions… The grill station was popular with the double loaded Reubens, and the deli station was popular for the Caribbean paninis they made fresh, but the hot food station was having a baked potato bar! Just grab a potato, break it open, and load it with as many goodies as you can fit in the container! All for $4.95? Hell yeah, Alissa was getting a baked potato. It was obviously fresh, as when she broke the potato open, she was greeted with fantastic smelling steam flowing out of the freshly opened spud. She then added bacon, lots of broccoli, and as much nacho cheese as her tummy could handle.

With the container closed and the heat of her meal radiating through the container and into her hands, Alissa grabbed a fresh fruit cup and some gummy bears from the grab and go station. She took a moment to observe the available beverages. Strawberry lemonade, or one of the flavored iced teas? She just couldn't decide. She couldn't keep wasting time. Her excited mind made sure to tell her how badly she needed to be talking to Jason right now instead of looking at drinks. One strawberry lemonade and one sweetened iced tea it was.

Finally, she was in line for the cash registers. She tried to act natural, desperate to hide her excitement for her lunch with Jason as well as her plan to get desperate to pee by the end of her shift. She never knew why, but when her bladder grew like a watermelon full of boiling hot piss, the pain didn't make her feel the need to empty herself immediately. Instead, it joined forces with the pleasure provided by her bladder pushing against the nerves connected to get little flower down there, and would make it so excited she couldn't control it! Her little flower would always bloom so vigorously that delicious nectar would overflow through her lips and dampen her sexy panties. Now, however, she needed to keep her mind on food. She didn't want the excitement getting to the point where she'd be walking around in dampened aroused panties.

*019*2024-06-14 17:54

{{On 6/11/2024 at 5:25 AM, OneMoreDrop said:

Absolutely In love with this story ♥️ the world needs more ultrasound holdings!

}}

{{On 6/13/2024 at 8:42 AM, dpmpvfd said:

Can't wait until part 2

}}

{{On 6/13/2024 at 9:10 AM, Wet-Robert said:

This is such at great and hot story, can't wait for her bladder to get bursting full!

Hope to read again soon from you

}}

{{On 6/13/2024 at 11:30 AM, shydribbles19 said:

Loving this story!

}}

Thank you for the positive feedback! I have the weekend off, my health is more in order that it was (still improving), we finally have the new apartment pretty well organized, and our new puppy has finally settled in and stopped throwing up everywhere.

Needless to say I've been busy. I'll see if I can get some writing done this weekend 🙂

BTW, one of the girls in Part 1 was inspired by a real life occurrence of mine. The story has since been taken down bc it was a bit off topic for this site, but if you can guess the theme of the story, I'll take suggestions for names and descriptions and characters in part 2!

*020*2024-06-14 18:02

Your options are:

A) Bladder Pain Syndrome

B) Wetting oneself because it feels good

C) Nerve damage from surgery

D) Too many people, not enough toilets

*024*2024-06-15 14:23

{{11 hours ago, gfaroank said:

Thanks

}}

{{3 hours ago, dpmpvfd said:

D or at a hospital a more realistic issues maybe be a broken or damaged toliet. I'd more be interested the story containing more in line with the first part though

}}

You are both correct! There will be 3 more female patients, 1 male patient, a visit from one of Alissa's superiors (haven't decided gender yet), and an encounter with a female receptionist.

@gfaroank, you answered first. Please pick which character you'd like to create a name and description for.

@dpmpfvd, you were also correct. You may create a name and description for any character other than what gfaroank chooses.

