A Daily Desperate Dilemma

Author: Desperatio

*000*2018-04-18 02:41

(This story takes place in a series I've written on DeviantArt, but you don't need a lot of context for this since besides one bit, it is entirely focused on Cecilia's desperation. I hope you all enjoy!)

Cecilia Maxime began every morning the same way- by enjoying a nice breakfast of cereal with a glass of orange juice to wash it down. The tall glass she often used combined with how she always drank the milk meant that when she got to school, her bladder would be full very fast. Now, this wouldn't be an issue for most people; it shouldn't too hard to just get up and grab a pass, then head to the bathroom so they can enjoy the rest of the school day with an empty bladder. However, Cecilia was quite different than a lot of people.

She was very unassertive, quite obedient, and almost very submissive (as it could be possible she takes enjoyment out of this deep down). Really, though, the best way to describe her is a doormat. Perhaps it's a bit funny for her to be walked all over, with her bladder being full enough that just a bit of pressure could make her leak. Now, let's see what typically happens to Ellie on a regular day of school.

Her first period class was Gym, and by then, she felt a slight pressure in her bladder because of the previously mentioned liquid she had drank that morning, so it wasn't all too pleasant to have to run 10 laps before doing jumping jacks with the coach being strict about how far apart people keep their legs during it. Still, she always did what she was told, especially when it came to teachers, so she did all of the exercises she was instructed to do without hesitation. In fact, she always was the first one to do them, making her look excited to take the orders. Either that, or she didn't have the will left in her to think of not doing what someone asked her to do.

After the twenty minute period where they did all that running and exercising, everyone began to sit down, making her think she was getting a nice break to cross her legs.

However, the coach proceeded to ask, "Who here could come pass water bottles around so we can get a bit refreshed before we continue?"

"I-I'll do it," Cecilia replied, raising her hand rather fast, almost looking like she thought it was directed toward her.

He was surprised, since he could tell she wanted a rest, but he still carried the case of water bottles over to her so she could begin to pass them around.

As she handed out bottles of water to various thirsty students, she found herself whimpering a bit quietly, her bladder not enjoying this one bit. For one thing, she had to force herself to keep from pressing her legs together so she wouldn't look childish while passing the water bottles to her peers, and she had no way to put her hands to her crotch when she had more than one bottle at a time to carry. Along with that, just seeing the water sloshing around in all those bottles, and witnessing kids popping the bottles open and messily pouring the liquid in felt excruciating.

"Hey, don't you want a bottle?" The coach casually asked her, and he exposed the fact that she took just enough bottles out that one was left for her.

She tried to force herself to refuse and explain her predicament, but without thinking, she walked over to grab it while responding passively, "Y-yes, how silly of me, thank you."

Part of her hated herself for being unable to deny the water bottle, especially with her bladder already having some liquid inside of it, but another stronger part of her didn't think she had a choice. So, she cracked the bottle open and began to pour the sixteen ounces of fresh, cold liquid into her mouth. Cecilia shivered and brought her legs together as she sat down as she realized that soon she'd struggle even harder to focus on anything besides her need to go.

"Alright, now I was told you kids need to do more stretching, so go and get yourself a yoga mat from the back so you can get very relaxed!" The coach told everyone, with everyone quickly getting up to grab a mat for themselves to lie on, with Cecilia trying to be as fast as possible despite her bladder filling up.

She almost would've rather done more running or something else like that, because now there was no chance of being able to focus on holding her bladder; everyone had to start spreading and stretching their legs with their arms out, and she was definitely no exception to it, and she was never one to ask to do something else. She had to put one half of her brain's focus on keeping herself from leaking, and the other half on doing the stretches at the same time as everyone else. This caused her to not notice when the bell rang, so when she realized this, she had to return the mat and begin rushing out as fast as possible.

With a minute before the final bell, Cecilia zoomed into her second period class- geography- and plopped herself down. It dawned on her that the lights were off, meaning no one noticed she was even missing, and she turned her eyes toward the only lit-up part of the room to see what was happening. Immediately, she squealed and crossed her legs upon seeing what was being played on the projector: a documentary about bodies of water, including rivers, oceans and- worst of all- waterfalls.

Nothing could've prepared her to be forced to watch forty minutes of rushing, flowing and falling water, and she saw no possible way to make it end any sooner. The moment she began standing up to walk over to the teacher's desk, she was given a gesture to sit back down that knocked all the spirit out of her, sending her butt back into her seat. The door was also closed right afterwards, getting rid of all light in the room and making it impossible to see where her teacher was in order to call out to her.

What made it worse was that there were kids in the class who were fully aware of her whole never standing up for herself, while also constantly having a full bladder issue, giving them motivation to begin teasing her with lines like "Hey Cecilia, I bet you're really enjoying this" and "Aren't you relieved we're learning about bodies of water" and the classic joke of just making water noises into her ear. Most people would simply ask them to stop, but she seemed a bit afraid of doing so for many reasons- she had been taught that giving people who tease her attention is considered letting them win, for one thing, and she also just didn't have the kind of voice that worked for making people listen to her.

When the bell finally rang, Cecilia was the first one to get up, and she nearly tripped over the other desk, with people teasing her about being clumsy; hey, it was a nice break from just having people comment on how badly she needs to pee, since no one could see her legs crossing in the dark. It wasn't quite pleasant running into that desk, though, since it was at bladder-level. Soon, she headed out the door and began rushing to her next class, hoping it would go by faster.

At first, it seemed like it would be a relaxing period to distract her from her need to piss, since this was her study hall and she had nothing to do in this class. However, the one watching everyone had something special to announce.

"As everyone knows, we are having our potluck, where everyone brought in plenty of drinks n' snacks, so enjoy, quench your thirst!" The teacher exclaimed as she carried all the liters of soda and orange juice to the table, along with lots of chips, snacks, and a bit of actual food that barely anyone would eat.

She slowly began to squirm as people began pouring themselves cup after cup of drinks, and she prayed for a way to get out of drinking any of it, or just having to watch it.

Miraculously, the teacher mentioned, "I have a quick errand for someone to do in case they aren't interested in the potluck, but don't worry, I can surely find someone else to-"

"I'll do it!" Cecilia Maxime exclaimed, her hand shooting up, people nearly spilling their drinks in surprise at this sudden offer.

After a second of silence, the teacher replied, "W-well, alright- here, I have this box of diapers that you need to carry to the Child Development class. You seem like a tough girl, I bet you can handle that!"

She chuckled and nodded as she walked over to pick up the box, not realizing her face was turning red because of this- here she was, really needing to piss, and she had to carry a large box containing things made for people who couldn't control their bladder. Obviously, plenty of people who were familiar with her common problem of having a full bladder, leading them to begin snickering a bit. As she left the room to deliver this box, she could hear the teacher shushing them, and it made her thankful not everyone found it funny to tease her.

It was a fifteen minute walk, mostly because she was carrying a twelve pound box of diapers with a bladder nearly completely full, and by the time she got back she was thankful to see that nearly all the drinks were finished. However, she soon saw someone approach her offering a cup of coke.

Her name was Azuna Hajishi, and she was nearly the exact same height as her, meaning she was making complete eye contact with her, which made things quite awkward. She had bright red, short hair that matched her bright red eyes, a yellow blouse, some C-Cup breasts that Cecilia tried her best to not look at, some blue shorts, and a cute pair of yellow heels. Azuna had been interested in Cecilia for quite a while, and seemed to be the only one unaware of all the times she needed to go to the bathroom, which is why she chose to offer a cup of soda as her form of flirting.

"U-um, you don't need to take it, but I-I bought this soda myself," Azuna muttered shyly, making Cecilia's heart feel like it could explode.

Quickly, she took the cup from her and replied, "Thank you very much!" before drinking it down faster than anyone else in the room had dranken theirs, even surprising the one who gave the drink to her.

Azuna soon giggled and walked back to her seat, and Cecilia's heart sank as she realized that Azuna unintentionally made her whole situation worse.

At lunch next period, nothing much happened, besides her getting a carton of milk with her food that she forced herself to drink to get that sweet calcium. She regretted it soon after but had no way to reverse it. She was about to try and get a bathroom pass, but suddenly, there was a violent intruder drill that took up the rest of the period, leaving her unable to relieve herself.

She was about to try and get herself to the bathroom during passing period, but suddenly, her friend Sunny Shiner grabbed her hand and began pulling her to the one class they had together besides the Fetish Club: Hortology.

"Heheh, we get to actually garden day! Y'know, watering plants and stuff? I bet you'll love that!" Sunny giggled, knowing full well that she was poking at her buttons right now, and finding it a bit funny anyways.

"U-um, yeah, I will Sunny," Cecilia replied, trying to press her legs together discreetly as she was taken to the indoor garden.

The class seemed to drag on and on, as she could barely force herself to pour water onto her plants, since she would have to hear and see the sprinkling of the liquid up close. It didn't spare her from having to watch people around her watering their plants, with Sunny looking at her the whole time, seemingly having fun teasing her.

When the class ended and she left, her face was red, her legs were desperately trying to twist into knots, and Sunny came over and hugged her out of enjoyment of their time together. "Can't wait to see you later!"

Her next class was the only class that didn't tease her bladder the whole time, which was math class. Really, it was so boring that it was able to briefly distract her from needing to pee, only for that forty minutes. The only teasing her bladder got was the occasional ping of desperation she'd feel, but that was only natural and didn't make things any harder than they already were.

In her second to last class, though, things would get a bit worse. This was because she was in Chemistry, and was being taught about molecules- water molecules, of course. If she thought watching a documentary of flowing water was bad, she sure had trouble handling having to splash and pour the water around in her own hands. Feeling her hands grow so wet made her bladder scream to be emptied right then and there, but she felt mortified by that idea. Plus, the chemistry teacher was so strict that she'd give her a detention simply for having an accident, despite the fact that they didn't let people have bathroom passes.

When the kid she was partnered with noticed her need to piss, they asked her casually, "Do you think you could try and convince the teacher you're sick so you can have a chance to get to the bathroom?"

"N-no, I don't like lying, and even if I wanted to, it would be way too obvious," she replied, her face redder than before after seeing that the kid noticed her need.

"Well, I hope you'll be okay then," they replied, and despite her not knowing them at all, that made her feel a bit better.

By the time the bell rung, her hands were all wet, and not wanting to waste time by running to the back of the class to dry them, she figured she'd just shake-dry. However, she ended up getting some water on her waist, and therefore her bladder bulge. This made her jump a bit and feel even more desperate to go. She was happy that the next period would be her last.

She entered the final period before she could go to her club, which was English Literature. She expected to read something that would ease her mind about her desperation.

"Okay, today we will be reading Down to a Sunless Sea by Neil Gaiman, a story about a rainy encounter in London! Who'd like to read the first paragraph?" The teacher asked, with no one seeming interested in volunteering.

Slowly, her hand went up, with her shaking a bit from how bad she needed to go. The teacher was observant enough to realize that she wasn't in the right shape to be reading out loud to the class, so she decided to give her some help.

"Do you need anything, Cecilia? Like a drink at the water fountain?" She asked, showing she still wasn't observant enough to know she needed to do the opposite.

Still, Cecilia knew that the water fountain and the bathroom were close by, so she figured it'd be a perfect opportunity to relieve herself; so, she quickly nodded before hopping out of her seat and heading out the door.

Cecilia was running faster than she did even during gym class, with no one in the halls at the moment to see her breaking one of the essential school rules- even if someone saw her, she probably wouldn't have been able to slow down. Soon, she turned the corner with the intent to head past the fountain and in the door of the bathroom. However, that opportunity was squandered the moment she forgot to notice the "wet floor" sign.

One foot went down on the wet ground, and she immediately began slipping, making her exclaim "NO" repeatedly in a panic. She tried desperately to retain her balance by reaching to the wall, but that didn't help- in fact, she ended up falling by accidentally pushing against the wall hard enough to get thrown off her feet. Landing on her bladder bulge, soon she found herself unable to control herself; her face grew very red and she cried a bit in embarrassment as she emptied it completely. It was made all the more embarrassing when she tried to get herself up to her feet, only to slip on the large body of water under her and slip again.

"...and maybe later we can get dinner, how does that sound?" She overheard her friend Olivia ask her newest crush (a football star) as she turned the corner, only to stop in her tracks when she saw Cecilia.

Having never met Cecilia and not knowing she and Olive were close friends, her crush began laughing a bit, commenting, "I wonder how much of that is even water!"

As Cecilia covered her face in pure humiliation, Olive grew a bit miffed to see him mock her like that. So, to teach him a lesson and to show her loyalty to her friends, she grabbed him and turned him onto a towel.

"Wait, what's going- MMMPH!" He exclaimed, only heard by Olive as she used him to clean off the ground around Cecilia, including what she emptied from her bladder.

As Olive helped dry off her clothes with someone she was just planning to go on a date with, Cecilia wiped away her tears and told her, "Y-you're the best Olive."

"Eheh, I think you are, honestly- you must be pretty tough, holding it all day and never even complaining!" She lightly teased as she folded her new suffering towel up and stuffed it into her backpack.

"Wow, thanks! So, I think I'm gonna be late to class, so I better get going... you know, usually people like teasing my bladder during the Club, but I don't think that'll be possible today," Cecilia admitted, and despite her experience today, she seemed to still like the idea of being teased, especially when she had her friends there.

Olive giggled and held up a large bottle of soda, commenting, "I got ya covered."

Cecilia was now blushing not out of embarrassment, but out of something very different that she didn't feel ready to share. With a smile, she headed back to class, putting that embarrassing day behind her... at least until she was mercilessly teased about it, but she totally expected that.

*004*2018-04-18 22:14

Thanks! I plan to post more, mostly stuff I've already written unless anyone here gives me requests

