She had to pee

Author: Delaney Arnold

*000*2017-11-07 21:21

She couldn't hold it in much longer. Her bladder was pulsing and throbbing as she struggled to stay calm. The main bathrooms of the mall were closed for maintenance, and she was trying to be casual as she strolled though looking for a toilet. Suddenly a wave of desperation hit her and she leaned forward, unable to refrain from clutching between her legs. She didn't have much time. She turned right towards a few coffee shops. She passed a man who waved her down. "Hello," he said, "would you like a free coffee?"

"I guess..." she replied hesitantly. "Thank you," she said, continuing her desperate search. She automatically took a sip of the coffee, but immediately reverted it, as a squirt of hot pee forced its way out of her aching bladder. She had a few minutes, tops, till the dam burst and she wet herself completely. She almost ran into a store, begging the clerk, "Do you have a bathroom?"

"Sorry, only for employees," he said, not sounding sorry.

"Please?" she moaned. She felt a hiss of urine escape.

"Sorry, it's a policy."

She grabbed her crotch, unable to hide her desperate need to urinate. She ran out of the store. She turned left, the way out towards the main mall. That was as mistake. A stream of pee trickled down her leg. She almost peed in her skinny jeans right there, but sheer willpower stopped the liquid from making its way out. She gasped as another jet, impossible to stop, wet her underwear with its heat. Finally she realized she'd never find a bathroom, but she could at least find a private place to pee.

She ran to a clothing store wit carpeted flooring, rushing to the back. She quickly unzipped her jeans and squatted on the floor between some handbags and a rack of T-shirts. She moaned as her pee jetted out, soaking the rug with its wetness. It felt amazing. The urine made a huge dark spot on the carpet, but she didn't care anymore. Her bladder felt too good to care about things like that. A few more spurts of yellow liquid squirted out and she moaned again. Then she wiped herself with a T-shirt and left the store.

