Clean up on isle one

Author: Dimwitrolo

*014*2017-05-25 16:27

'That'll be twelve-fifteen, would you like a carrier bag?'

The man shakes his head and hands me the exact change. I take the coins from him and put them in the cashier.

'Thank you, co-'

I hadn't even started talking and he'd already left. Didn't take a receipt or anything.

Still, not gonna let that get me down today! April's told me her friend managed to get her a discount at this campsite she works at, so April's taking me out for the weekend. Margret's not to happy I won't be in, but I did come in yesterday for work, and today too.

April will be picking me up in her car at about 5. It's 4.45 now, the weather is nice, and work is kinda slow, even considering it's a Friday evening. It's so empty I'm considering leaving early, but then again Margret might actually kill me if she catches me. She's already angry that I'm stretching the allowed uniform rules as far as I can.

I'm wearing pale brown capris pants and a pair of sandals. My shirt is a plain white tank top, a little small on me but it fits. And technically doesn't reveal my midriff which means it counts as uniform. In actuality, it shows a band of skin above my waistband most of the time, and if I stretch it goes as high as my rib cage. Perfect to show off my student body - thin, pale, and clearly un-used to seeing sunlight. I'm hardly wearing it for show anyway, the heatwave the city's going through would leave me sweating like mad in anything more, and I'm not sat close enough to the freezer section to stay cool inside.

I glance at my watch again. Still only 4.50, ten minutes to go. I'm feeling a little eager for quitting time, not just because I'm meeting April, but because I've been downing enough water all day to drown a fish, and I need the toilet. Like I say, it's been warm out. I'm doing my best not to wiggle about in my chair, but when no-one's here my hand is planted between my legs. And no one's here yet. Wait, scratch that, someone's here now

A customer walks up, middle-aged woman who looks like I might in thirty years (shortish, messy blonde hair, tired), and dumps a load of stuff on the belt. Three large bottles of soda, a couple diego brand Spanish-style sausage, a bunch of burgers, some buns, and a few bags of salad leaves. The deal where you get cooking equipment with the diego stuff ended a little while ago, much to my relief.

'Barbeque?' I ask, struggling to lift the soda bottles over the scanner and also not piss myself.

'Yes' she says, grinning. 'However did you guess?'

'Just a hunch' I say, smiling back. I have to swipe the bottles under the scanner a couple times, each time making the soda swill about and almost breaking my bladder. I manage to stay dry and scan the sodas though, cross my legs and carry on scanning.

'Sure has been warm recently' she says to me, putting her stuff in bags. 'I tell you, I've been drinking all day to keep cool...'

'So have I' I tell her. 'Been through about six bottles since lunch time'

She smiles at me. 'I couldn't use a bathroom in here could I? That water's been going straight through me...'

'Sure' I say. 'Bathrooms are just down at the back' I tell her, right as my watch begins beeping, telling me it's quitting time.

There's only one bathroom working today, more plumbing issues, and now this woman's in there. I'm going to wet myself, aren't I? The stars have aligned again, and something's going to stop me getting to the toilet, I just know it...

'Can I leave my stuff here while I go?' she asks me. I smile and nod. She hurries over to the bathroom. As she shuts the door I whip my hands back into holding positions, just in time to feel a first leak. I don't want to wet myself again, every time April's seen me these past few weeks I've had wet legs for some reason or another. I don't really want to end up being known for it...

I sit back, hands still clamped down, watching over the bags. The soda in the bottles still swills slightly, side to side. As small as the movement is, it seems to resonate with my bladder, and I get the powerful urge to give up and go under the desk. I would seriously consider it if I wasn't going camping with April. That said, she's told me that she's finished packing, and that means when she arrives she'll bring spare clothes. If I was to soak these, I could put on a clean pair when April gets here.... And then all I'd have to do is avoid getting a reputation. I'm about to let go and risk getting a reputation for wet pants when I hear the bathroom door open. I glance over and see the woman hurrying back over to the counter

'Thanks for waiting, really appreciate it!' she says, smiling. I nod and tell her it'll be twenty-two fourteen. She fumbles through her purse, struggling to find the exact change. I want to tell her not to bother and give me notes, but I also don't want to be rude. Each agonising second seems to take forever, and as her hand comes out her purse I feel another dribble. She hands me the exact change, I put it in the machine, and hand her the receipt once it finishes printing. She smiles and takes it

'Thanks for shopping her, hope to s-see you soon!' I say to her

'Thanks, bye!' she responds, picking up her bags and leaving. I wait for her to leave the shop.

The sliding doors close after she leaves, and my hands scramble for my badge. I fiddle with it, sweating a little, and manage to tear it open and out my shirt. I jump up, pushing back my chair as I stand up (nearly sending it flying over) and walk away from the till. I jog over to the store office and almost throw my badge at Margret, who barely has time to give me a sarcastic 'see you next week' before I'm running to the toilets. I jog past my till, and manage to fall flat on my face.

This feels familiar, but this time there's no film crew to catch me. I lie on the floor, considering not getting up and just giving up, but my hands seem to act on my own as they push me back up. I dash to the bathroom, throwing my body against the door. I swing inside, and slam the door shut, scrambling both hands to the lock in an attempt to shut it properly. I leak again, larger than before, and I'm certain this leak is visible. I manage to get the lock shut, and I take the two steps to the toilet bowl, spin around and grasp my flies. Another spurt escapes as I press on my bladder to get the button undone.

Luckily for me, it slides out quickly, and I yank my pants down. My white knickers don't come with them, resulting in another spurt in them. I have to make another grab for those, and as I spring back to get them I almost punch my downstairs. I grab the waistband and yank them down, and I throw myself at the toilet backwards. I half expect to miss, but someone is on my side today. I slam into the seat, releasing without meaning to. I don't hold back - I've made it! Relief hits me like a truck and I have to try to suppress moans as I hiss fiercely into the porcelain bowl. I lean back and let my eyes roll, sighing as I do. There's nothing so good as finally making it after holding so much! I would say so long, but I haven't been holding very long.

It takes almost a minute for my bladder to even slow down. I open my eyes and decide to assess the damage. My underwear has a big semi-see-through wet spot where I'd lost enough to soak through, and there was a tiny dark spot on my pants. Nothing major, but visible from the outside. Luckily for me, a wet spot the size of two coins end to end and right between my legs isn't even visible, so long as I keep my legs closed. Even then, April's picking me up, and she'll understand if she does see the tiny spot. I smirk as my bladder empties, wipe myself off and pull my pants up. I wince a little at the already cool cotton touching my skin, then pull up my zipper and thread the button through. I almost feel rewarded as I press on the handle.

Like I say, I hadn't been holding for long, I'd just been holding a lot. I'd been to the toilet around a hour ago, and an hour before that. My problem is, I've been downing gallons of water in this heat. At least I'll be able to enjoy the heat when April picks me up. Nothing quite like relaxing in the late spring sun with a cold drink in one hand. Sat in a warm field, a few trees around, the smell of grass. The birds chirping. Much nicer than being sat in an uncomfortable chair with a few people wandering around, with the smell of spilt milk and the sounds of kids making a mess. Which is what I'm used to. And the water isn't even cold in here. It's not just water, it's warm water.

I head out the bathroom and catch April, sitting on my till. She's wearing a white tank top with an almost see-through thin short-sleeved over shirt that drapes over her, and some bold blue jeans that go down to her ankle. Not skin tight, but not loose, somewhere in between that shows off her form while also leaving breathing room and something to the imagination. A pair of sandals and a pair of sunglasses completes her ensemble.

'Heya Kaite!' she says with a grin. 'You ready to go?'

I smile back at her. 'You know it!' I say back.

'Want to pick up a couple drinks while we're here?'

'Didn't you bring any?'

'No...'

I sigh with a smile as I grab my till key out of my pocket. April jogs over to the drink fridges as I open everything up and get ready. She heads back with a four pack of beers and a six-pack of cheap lemonades. I smile at her choice. The lemonades are store brand, but they're also really good, and they cost about twenty pence a can. I swipe them through and open a lemonade, handing the other six to April

'Beers are for when we get there' she says to me, 'so don't open any when we're driving, you'll make me jealous'

I grin and nod at her, after taking a mouthful from the lemonade.

'So' I say. 'Remind me where we're going?'

'We're going to Libra hills, a few miles north of here. It's on top of a large hill, so the view is great and the air's a little cooler. The campsite itself is on the edge of a forest, so it's the perfect place to hide a body, so if there's anyone you want gone, you know where to go'

I grin at her little joke, but there's something about forests like that that can be a little scary. Not scary as in bed-wettingly terrifying, more the sort of exciting chills and standing hairs sort of scary. Enticing scary. And only scary at night, during the day those kind of forests are a great place to sit down and enjoy yourself with a friend or two.

'Anyway, let's get going' she says to me, hopping off the counter. I lock the till again, and come out from the till. I hurry over to the office, drop the key on the side before Margret says anything, and then hurry on out. April leads me out and over to her car, parked just outside.

'Okay' she says as we slump into the car-seats. 'Our bags are in the boot, I've got you five spare shirts, five sets of underwear, six spare pairs of socks, two pairs of shoes, and four sets of pants'

'Why so many pants?' I ask.

'Because I know what you're like!' April smirks at me. I roll my eyes and grin. 'I've done the same for myself anyway, it doesn't hurt to have more than you need.'

'What else will we need?'

'Just the usual camping stuff, a tent, a gas-stove, sleeping bags, et cetera et cetera'

I nod, and she turns the key in the ignition. The engine sputters to life, and we drive off.

We'd been driving for about half an hour, just talking and listening to the radio, occasionally joining in on the songs we like, and insulting the ones we don't. As we drive down the motorway, April turns to me.

'Hey Kate'

'Yeah?'

'I kinda need the loo'

'Yeah, me too, want to turn off at the next service station?'

'Well, not really, but I think we'll have to'

'Don't worry' I say, watching the road while she drives. 'There's a turning off just ahead'

'Where?'

'A little bit in the distance, you can see it from here'

'No I can't, where is it?'

'This one, here! Turn! Turn-turn-turn-You've missed it'

'Oh I see the one' she says, glancing in the wing mirror.

'April!' I say, looking straight at her. She flashes me a cheeky grin while looking forward. 'We just missed it!'

'Yeah, didn't see it in time...'

'I'm glad you find this funny' I tell her. 'Because these are your seats you're risking'

'Oh don't worry, Katie!' She laughs. 'There'll be another station up soon, there always is'.

'Yeah, there should be' I admit. 'Don't you miss this one...'

'I gotta pee too!' she says, grinning. 'We both need this'

After another five minutes I start getting uncomfortable in my chair as my bladder really fills up. I try to cross one leg over the other, but I catch my feet on the glove compartment. I decide instead to press one hand between my legs. I can't help but feel sorry for April who has both hands on the wheel, and her thighs pressed together.

'You gonna be okay April?' I ask, noticing a slight grimace on her face while she drives.

'I hope so....Haven't been to the toilet in a little while....I kinda need to go.'

'I'm s-sure you can make it!' I encourage her. 'Not long now until the next stop...Look! that road sign says there'll be another in two miles'

I can see the change on April's face as I tell her. I glance down at her jeans to make sure she isn't about to soak her seat. She isn't, as far as I can tell. Her legs are still clamped together. I look back out the window, as April merges into the middle lane to overtake a line of cars. I don't think she'd planned on the row being so long. I hear her moan as she realises the mistake she's made.

'April? You okay?' I ask.

'Look at that queue.... All on the outside row, it's going to block our exit'

'Service station soon, don't worry about the queue'

'That's why I'm worrying! If they block off the exit we can't use the service station!'

She is kinda right. We pass a second sign telling us the next station is just a mile ahead now, and the queue seems as long as ever.

That's when we see the signs from the station. A board with signs for a few burger joints, a bookstore, and of course, toilets, standing out between some bushes. April slows the car a little as she looks over the side toward the exit.

'Damn, no space....' she groans again, taking one hand of the wheel and planting it on her crotch. 'We'll have to hold on.'

She looks a little defeated, and I can't help but feel it too.

'There's always the next one' I say, trying to reassure her.

'Nah, our exit is next'

'How do you know?'

She gestures with her free hand, before putting it back on the wheel. I look where she pointed. Libra hills, next turning. April almost throws the car into the outer lane when she sees the first opening in the line, and a minute or two later we turn off the motorway. By now my bladder is aching, and by the look of April - who is rocking side to side - so is hers.

'Uh, April? Couldn't we pull over when we get on a country road?'

'W-what do you mean?'

'I-I think I'm gonna have an accident if you don't, and I don't want to ruin your car...'

'Aww, can't Katie hold it?' she says with thick set mockery in her tone.

'I- Of course I could hold it!' I say, taking the defensive and immediately regretting it. 'I'm, err, I was just thinking about you, you look like you need to g-'

'I'll be fine!' She bursts out, rubbing her thighs up and down. I can tell she won't

'Hey, it's your chair. If you want to wet it...'

'Hn! I'm fine!' she says. She looks back at me. 'Don't worry little miss wet-legs, I'll find a place to stop when we reach a quiet road'

I try to hide a smile, but April catches on and grins back.

Five minutes pass, and I'm squeezing my legs, wiggling in my chair, and my hands haven't left my crotch for about three of them. April is bouncing up and down in her chair, occasionally sending her hand down to hold herself. We've been too desperate to talk much, but luckily the radio's been playing some pleasant music. April turns us off the main road and we hit a dirt road - we're close to our destination now.

'You gonna stop?' I ask her as a reminder

'Huh? Yeah, just not in f-full view of the main road still'. We drive down a little further until we make a couple turns. Surrounded on each side by tall bushes and trees, April decides to pull over to one side of the road.

'R-right, I c-can't go much more...' I say to her, as we both frantically tug at our seat belts. I open the door and almost fall out, but I manage to stand. I look over to April, who has left the car and shuts the door. She walks over to me so we both have the car between us and the road

'Here, keep watch will you?' I say to her as I fumble at my pants.

'Car' She says to me, almost as soon as I'd asked her to keep watch. I stand up as straight as I can to mask what we're doing, and a car drives slowly toward us. Much slower than it needs to anyway. As I try standing straight the pressure on my bladder mounts, so much so that I can't keep it all in. As the car passes ours I lose a significant spurt, leaving a dark streak of about six inches on my pants. April hears the hiss and looks up, smirking. The sound of the other car fades away as it leaves our view, and I free the button, pull on my zipper, and thrust my pants down my legs. Again my underwear stays put, and I'm about to teach them a lesson by going through them when we hear another engine. I yank my pants back up and do the button up again. April's trying not to laugh at me. I don't know whether or not to appreciate that...

The engine belongs to a local police bike, which pulls over next to us. The policeman takes off his helmet and walks over to us

'You two okay? Not doing anything you shouldn't, right?'

April answers first.

'No officer, my friend here is just a little travel sick, and I don't want her sicking up in my new car.'

I don't know what to do, so I just nod and go with it. The policeman smiles reassuringly.

'Here' He says to us. 'I've got spare bags if you need it'. He walks over to his bike, opens the box and walks back to us with a couple paper bags in hand. I thank him and take one. As I take it my bladder decides to get angry at me and I dribble again. I try hard not to blush or squeal as I feel the heat of the liquid as it runs onto my leg and soaks into my pants. The policeman clearly notices.

'Err, do you need to-'

'No, I'm fine!' I respond to him immediately, forcing a smile. He looks at me in a way that suggests confusion and disbelief, but also that he doesn't really want to get too involved.

'Your fly's undone by the way' He says to me, walking back to his bike. I blush and look down, my bright white panties almost glowing through the open zipper of my brown capris. A dark streak down one leg only makes me feel more embarrassed.

He sits back on his bike and revs the engine, the roar startles me and I lose another drop or two. As he begins to drive away my bladder nearly gives up. I look back to April, who seems to be enjoying herself. As the policeman leaves our view, I slam my hands into my crotch to stop any more leaks.

'That was good of him wasn't it' April says, as I fumble at my button again.

'W-what?'

'Giving you a sick bag. Now we can carry on driving, and if you need to be sick you've got that bag'

'April, I n-never felt sick. You m-made that up' I stammer, still tugging at my button. I manage to pull it through, and I pull down on my capris.

'Car.' April says again. I almost don't care if anyone sees me, but I pull my pants back on anyway. A car pulls over toward us, stopping on the other side of April's car. The driver rolls the window down.

'Hey' the guy asks. He has an unlit cigarette in his mouth. 'Either of you two got a light?'

Me and April glance to each other. I don't have a lighter, I don't know if April does. April shakes her head at the guy. I move myself behind the door of our car as my bladder decides enough is enough, and I spurt hard again. My pants hang open, so the harsh hiss isn't muffled. April hears it I'm certain, as I hear her suppress a chuckle.

'Ah well' the man says. He looks to us again. 'Typical, right? My lighter had been working all day, and it goes out now!'

Me and April grin and nod, trying to be friendly as another wave hits me and I lose a massive stream of pee. Straight into my pants. I feel one leg warm up rapidly as the spurt floods over it, staining my pants a darker shade.

'Thanks anyway' the man says, rolling his window back up. April raises one hand to say good bye. The car pulls off.

April looks at me, waiting for me to do something. I try to pull my pants down, but what I actually do is not that. I place my hands on the roof of our car and my bladder tenses as hard as it can. I grimace, and a harsh *Hiss* erupts as my body forces out the contents of my bladder. I blush hard, tearing up a little as the relief sweeps me. It's all too much for me to hold back, and as another wave hits me I don't hold back. Clutching the roof of our car, ass sticking out behind me, a wave of clear urine floods out of me, flooding over my legs and staining my capris. I feel it sweep over my backside before cascading down my legs and over my feet.

I hear myself moan as my full bladder claims relief with force. My pants hardly hold anything back, and streams of pee flow off from my legs, spattering into the muddy grass beneath me. I'm stood with my legs apart now, allowing for a powerful main stream to run straight out of myself, straight out my clothes, and straight onto the floor, pounding it hard. My mouth hangs open as the relief has me struck dumb, and I gasp for air. I feel April rest one hand on my ass as I continue to jet pee into my underwear and down my legs. She rubs her hand on me a little, through the wet fabric, which I can't say doesn't feel great...

By the time my bladder finishes, I'm out of breath, my legs are soaked, and I'm stood in a massive puddle of my own making. I can only take solace in the fact I'd drunk so much earlier that what I'd just let out was pretty clear, meaning it won't smell, and it isn't dirty. Well, it's still pee, which isn't exactly clean, but it could have been much worse. April, one hand still on my still wet backside, leans over and whispers in my ear.

'Couldn't hold it?'

I shake my head.

'Don't worry Katie' she says, pulling her head back. 'I won't tell anyone. You might want to get in the car though, there's another car on the way...'

I look up and hear the engine. Not wanting to be caught like this, I open the car door and swing myself inside, my soaked legs slapping against the chair. My capris' are still undone, and as I look at myself now I'm sat down I can see the damage to my underwear too. My panties are almost see-through with a wet stain almost reaching the waistband. I decide to keep my hands dry and leave them open for now. As April sits down next to me, another car drives past, not stopping as it does.

'D-didn't you need to pee?' I ask April

'Oh I really need to pee...but I'm sure you don't want to be seen so wet.'

'Uh, thanks'

We pull out again, leaving the cooling contents of my bladder behind us. At least it's good for the grass. I look at April, who is writhing in her chair, rubbing her legs against one another. I open the window and lean back. The cool breeze smacks into my wet legs. I smile and lean back.

'Oh, you have no idea how good that felt....' I say without thinking. 'I know I'm soaked now, but that was worth it'

'Katie! Y-you're making me need to go....'

I grin. 'It was sooo good to let go, you should try it...'

'Katie!'

'Just relax and let it all out'

'Katie...'

'The relief is amazing....'

'Thssshh...'

'Hmm?'

I look over to a very rigid and very red April, who has just pee'd hard into her jeans. Not too much, but enough to leave a stain, and loud enough to hear over the radio. I smirk wildly.

'I bet you're real glad to have spent the past week calling me 'Miss wet legs' now aren't you.

'Katie...I can't hold it....'

'Then find another place to pull over, then you can-'

'Thsssssh!'

'Or you could do that'

She's peed again, and I catch myself staring as a wet patch begins to grow. I put one hand on her leg.

'Let go.' I say to her. She seems to wince at those words.

'I c-can't...'

'Think about the relief...'

Ssssss....

'...You won't feel desperate anymore...'

Sssssss...

I look over to see April, sat stiff as a board while her bladder forces shot after shot of urine into her jeans. I can almost feel what she must be feeling - pee pooling between her legs, soaking into the chair and creating a warm, wet patch that envelops her ass. The look in her eyes tells me how hard she's trying to hold back and also be able to drive.

'I-I-I'm gonna pull (Ssss!) O-over!' She manages to say, turning the car toward the side of the road again. As the car brakes, she pushes her seat belt and opens the door, spurting hard into her jeans, sending a stream straight into her chair. As she gets out the door, I admire the dinner-plate sized puddle in her chair. She stumbles out the car and begins walking around to my side, so that the car is between her and the road. I undo my belt and join her outside the car. As she steps over, more spurts fall out, streaking down her jeans as far as he knees. She stops still and looks at me.

'K-Katie?'

'Yeah'

'I can't hold it....'

As she says that, her bladder must have gave way, as a dark spot erupts between her legs and floods over her jeans. Her hands, stuck between her legs, have a pale yellow flood runs over and through her fingers before splattering on the ground below in an already growing puddle. She looks away like a guilty puppy, and I can't stop myself smiling. Her jeans glisten as pee flows over them on its way down. Golden streaks run over her feet and the straps of her sandals before spilling into the puddle she stands in. She starts sobbing gently as she stands in front of me, wetting herself. I take a step toward her to comfort her, but she puts a hand out to stop me. Then I notice she isn't sobbing. She looks back to me, with a grin on her face.

'It really did feel good...' she admits.

I laugh once, and I go to-

Hn!

She jumps into me and presses her lips into mine! I don't know what to do or where to look, but I can see her eyes are closed. She wraps her wet hands around my head, pulling it into hers. I can't move from the surprise, so I close my eyes and kiss her back

I do what!? I can't believe what I'm doing....I kiss her back! I close my eyes and wrap my own arms around April's waist, and I feel myself blush fiercely. I can feel the heat from her face as she does the same. We're kissing each other!

She drops her hands and falls back from me, and my arms fall back to my sides

'Uh, ha ha...' she chuckles nervously. 'Spur of the moment....sorry.....'

I don't know what to say, or what to do, and neither does she. We stand for a moment, avoiding eye contact and blushing. Her pee has got onto my own legs, and I can feel them cooling again. A last few drops fall from April's soaked jeans.

'S-shall we...?' She asks me. I nod. We both get back in the car. As we sit down, she moves her hand to disable the handbrake. Before she pulls it off, I place my hand on hers.

She looks at me, and I look at her. I smile at her and she smiles back at me.

It's going to be an interesting weekend...

*019*2017-05-27 16:09

'That'll be twelve-fifteen, would you like a carrier bag?'

The man shakes his head and opens his mouth. Thick black smoke begins pouring out, swamping us both. An eye emerges from his mouth, his own eyes fall inside his head and I can hear someone chanting my name

'Katie. Katie. Katie...'

I push myself back in my chair, unable to move. I try to scream, but I make no sound. I can feel my shoulders shaking

'Katie!'

'YEEP!'

I squeal as April jerks me awake. Thank god, just a dream...

'Katie? What's wrong?' April asks, the dim light of an electric lamp revealing her face in the dark tent.

'Oh, sorry' I say, panting a little. 'I was having a bad dream'.

'Good thing I woke you up' April smiles. 'What was it?'

'Oh, nothing too serious' I tell her. 'Anyway, what did you want?'

'I need the loo'

I sit up in my sleeping bag. The dim light is barely enough to see around me, but I can just about make it out. Our tent is a decent sized three-man tent, with three 'bedroom' pods. We've left one in the bag of course, so we've got more space in the tent itself. My pod isn't massive, but it's big enough to crouch in, and long enough to fit comfortably with space to move in my sleeping bag. Speaking of my sleeping bag, I try to subtly slide one hand inside to make sure I'm still dry. After all, it was a scary dream...

'So' April says. 'Want to come with me?'

'I, um, not really April....it's still dark out.' I press a button on my phone, bringing up the lock-screen and the clock. It's 1 in the morning. 'April it's one in the morning, didn't you go before bed?'

'No....'

'Me neither' I admit with a smirk. 'Can't you hold it?'

'I don't think so...not for much longer...'

I pull down the zipper on my sleeping bag. It slides down easily, and I fold one flap of the bag over myself, exposing myself to the cool midnight air. Well, one-in-the-morning air. It's cool enough to hit me, but not so cold it's uncomfortable. I bring my legs up and hug my knees.

'Why don't you just go behind the tent?' I ask her

'I don't want anyone seeing...'

'April, it's one in the morning! No-one is awake at one in the morning'

'We're awake...'

'We must be the only tw-'

Coughing from outside the tent shuts me up. It makes me jump a little, but more importantly it proves me wrong. I sigh and look at April, who looks back at me pleadingly.

'Just go in your sleeping bag...' I suggest, pulling my own back over my legs.

'No! I haven't got anywhere else to sleep...'

'That's what I'm gonna do'

'Prove it'

'What?'

'You won't do that, you're just trying to get me out'

She's right. As much as April is one of my best friends, being awake at one in the morning is not something I'm too receptive to. I was hoping if she thought I was willing to wet myself rather than get up she'd just leave.

'Look, sorry to wake you up and all, I just wanted to know if you wanted to come with me...' She says, looking away and twiddling her fingers. How can I stay mad at that face? I smile at her when she casts her eyes my way.

'Look, I appreciate that you'd think of me, but I'll be fine' I tell her. I don't usually wet the bed at least, and I don't think I will today. 'Good night' I say, sliding my legs back into the sleeping bag.

She heads out my sleeping pod, zips it up, and I hear her padding over to the tent door and unzipping it. Things go quiet for a moment, so I lay back down and shut my eyes. Then I hear my pod unzip again and see April's face poking through

'Sure you don't need to go?'

My midnight good will is quickly running out

'April, I'm fine, just go'

'I, umm, okay...'

She walks over to the tent's exit again before stopping. I hear her hop foot to foot a couple times. Then she comes back

'Katie?'

'April.'

'I'm scared!'

Can't say I expected her to say that, it catches me off guard and I can't stop a giggle. 'Scared of what?' I ask

'I don't know...it's dark out, and I'

'You're scared of the dark?'

'No! I - well, maybe....'

I smirk again. She's so cute!

I can't believe I just thought that...

She catches me grinning. 'It's not funny!' she insists. It kinda is though.

'Alright April, I'll keep you safe' I say, climbing out my sleeping bag. She folds her arms and 'hmphs' at me, making me grin more. 'I'll take little April to the little girl's room!'

'Katie!' She moans. 'You're teasing me!' I keep smirking at her

'Come on then April' I say. 'Try not to do a wee in your pyjamas!'

She frowns at me again. It's a playful frown, not an angry frown.

'Of all the people to suggest I might wet myself' she says. 'Little miss wets-once-a-week isn't really in a place to speak'

I put one hand on her shoulder. 'Come on, let's get you to the toilet'. I say with a smirk. She grins back to me.

We both leave my pod, and I start to look for my shoes. April stands by the door, shuffling side to side.

'D-do you really need shoes?'

I look down at my bare feet. The grass is a little chilly on them, and outside the tent it's going to be a little damp - it had rained while we had been putting the tent up, and of course it stopped raining the second we'd finished. I wriggle my toes through the grass and consider it. I glance over to April, who's also barefoot, stood with one leg bent and wrapped around the other. I glance around for my shoes again. I can't see them, maybe they're under something. I get on my hands and knees and look around, moving our stuff around, behind our folding table, behind the gas stove. I can't find them, maybe I - Never mind, they're sat by the sleeping pods. I pick them up and head over to one of the folding chairs, planting myself in it and untying my shoes.

'K-Katie! Just - just come on! I need to go!'

I look at her, stood with both hands between her legs. She's pulling her pyjama shorts quite tightly with her hands, making them crease up a little. Her shorts are light grey, with a white trim. They're fairly long for pyjama shorts - they almost reach her knees. They look like they might be her brother's or something. They're pretty loose too, not restricting movement or anything, real important feature when you're lying still for eight hours or so. On top she's got a loose white short sleeved tee, nothing fancy. The bottom of the shirt rests just above her waistband and sways in the breeze.

My pyjamas consist of loose full length pants in a shade of navy blue, in sharp contrast to hers. A couple of white strings dangle down from the waistband to tighten them should I need to, and I do. The pant-legs hang around my ankles, not long enough to get wet on the ground, but long enough to brush against the grass and make them damp enough to notice. My shirt is also a short sleeve tee, white with a thick navy blue strip going around my breasts and shoulder blades. Nothing fancy, but then again I'm sleeping in it, not doing a fashion show.

I toss the shoes to one side, I'll put up with wet feet so she doesn't have to put up with wet shorts.

'I - if you really want to wear shoes you can put them on, I'll hold...'

'Nah' I say. 'You look like you might go any minute'

'Well, put them away at least so you don't lose them'

I roll my eyes. 'Thanks mum, I'll do that' I say with a cheeky smirk. She laughs back.

I pick my shoes up again and put them at the end of my sleeping pod. I glance into hers on the way back out. She's got her jeans lying to one side, drying out, with wet underwear above. She's also got around four empty bottles lying around the room

'When did you drink those?'

'Uh, sort of overnight...'

'Come on April, no wonder you need the loo....I know it's warm and all, but if you drink that much water...' She blushes and looks away again. I tut and shake my head as I walk up to her. 'Anyone would think you're trying to make yourself need to go!' She blushes again and I grin at her.

We step outside the tent, wincing slightly as the cold grass tickles our soles. That's something we'll have to get used to. I can already feel a thin layer of mud on my feet, that's something I'll need to wash off before I can go back to bed, I should have bought my shoes. Too late now...

'So where are the toilets?' I ask. April glances around, hands still tucked between her thighs. 'There's a toilet block near the camp-site entrance...'

'And we're at the far end of the camp-site'

'Yeah...'

I look at her and she grins back apologetically.

'At least the weather's nice...' she says, trying to brighten the mood'

'You mean it isn't raining' I say, looking at the sky. The air is fairly cool, the ground is wet, but at least the sky is clear. The stars do look beautiful at this time of night...

'Well, it might rain soon...' April says as we start walking soon. 'And I don't mean the weather...'

The way to the toilets at the entrance of the camp-site is a ten-fifteen minute walk, depending on how fast you go. After you reach the edge of our campsite it goes through a cut-away path through some woods, then another field (once used for cows, now used for nothing), before you eventually reach the two buildings. A farm house where the site owners live, and a water and toilet block. Communal showers, communal toilets, communal taps. Not quite the life of luxury, but it's worth it to camp out somewhere a bit quiet and also have basic necessities like water. That said, communal toilets aren't any better than public toilets...

We walk down the field, which is fairly un-eventful. There's only a couple of other tents in the field, one of them has a lit camp-fire and about six people sat around it, talking and drinking. At one in the morning. I walk normally, hardly lifting my feet of the ground with each step. April doesn't walk normally, with one hand at her crotch at all times, not quite grabbing herself, but doing everything else she can to not wet herself. She slows down when we reach the forest path

'Katie...'

'What's up?'

'I really don't want to go in there...'

I grin again. I know why, but I still ask her 'Why not?'

'It's all dark, there could be anything in there...'

'That's alright, we can go through though can't we?'

'I don't know Kate...'

'Is something the matter?'

'Katie!....I'm sca-ared!' she laughs. It's a nervous laugh, and it's the cutest thing ever, I just want to -

I have to stop thinking these things. She's a great friend, I don't know if I want to -

'You first Kate...' she says in a quieter tone. I can't say I'm not a little nervous stepping into the forest, but I try to act brave. There's something a little bit thrilling about the whole thing.

Stepping out the grass and onto the drying mud is quite a change, and not entirely a good one. Occasional stones and twigs stick out, and being so dark I can barely see them, and being barefoot I can really feel them. It must be worse for April though, she needs a wee on top of all of that.

'You might want to tip-toe through her' I whisper to April, after stepping on a stone which pressed directly into my sole, making me jump back.

'Why, do you think someone might hear us?' She asks.

'No, I stepped on a stone' I respond still whispering. I don't know why I'm whispering, it just seems right.

'Yeep!' I hear her gasp

'Told you'

'When I got on my toes I leaked!' she hisses back at me. 'We have to hurry!' I can hear her voice tremble with each word. 'I-I'll risk stepping on something...'

I keep going forward on my toes, and April keeps going forward with a hand between her legs, the other hand waving about to keep her balanced as she carefully scans the floor before she steps anywhere. A quick glance at her face tells me that she's really concentrating hard, and that if I was to push her even a little it would be hilarious.

*Nudge*

'Katie! Don't do that!' April shrieks, after slamming one foot into the dirt to keep herself from toppling over. 'If you keep doing that I might-'

She stops mid-word and I can hear her inhale sharply. She stands pigeon toed, completely tense. She has her legs apart and is pulling upwards hard with both hands. Her entire face is screwed together as she does her best to avoid -

'Thssht!'

- That. She spurts hard into her shorts, and almost immediately a gold streak of liquid sprays out one leg and onto the floor, splattering onto one foot. She grunts softly as a couple more drips fall from the now wet leg of her shorts and onto the mud. The mud is dry enough too to show a dark patch where she's wetted it. It takes a second for her shorts to realise what she's done, and a dark streak develops down one leg. She opens her eyes and looks straight at me. I do my best not to laugh out loud

'Now my hands are wet....'

'Your legs are wet too' i remind her, pointing and grinning.

'Come on, let's get moving before that h-happens again...'

I turn around and start walking again. Behind me I can hear April moaning softly with every step. It makes me smile, and I can't quite say why.

We hear a rustle in the bushes and we both freeze. I look at her, she looks at me. We stand dead still, and I hold my breath. There's no breeze, the air is mild enough to ignore, and there are no noises, save April's shallow breaths and muffled whimpers. All I can feel is the cold mud against my feet.

Neither of us move for a while, looking around.

'I-it's nothing...' I say after a long pause. 'There's noth-'

Another rustle. We freeze. Or, I freeze, April tenses hard and I hear a splatter. I daren't look over but I know she's just lost a little more.

'K-Katie?'

I don't answer

'I don't know if I can h-hold it...'

I nod and gesture to her with one hand to carry on walking. I don't move myself but I hear her footsteps come closer until she's inches from me. I can feel the heat from her before I can bring myself to say anything

'Q-quickly, l-let's get moving...'

I start walking a little faster, no longer on tip-toes and trying my best to ignore the rough ground, April shuffles along behind me.

Another rustle

I hear April whimper again, then I feel a hot splash on the back of my foot. Another drop lost. She's close enough I can hear every breath she takes.

'K-Katie...' she whispers

We're about to move again when there's another rustle, and again we freeze. I put one hand behind me to stop April moving forward

'K-Kate?'

'Yeah?'

'That's my boob'

I take my hand off, blushing. 'Sorry'

The rustles are getting close. Me and April freeze entirely. I can hear the *pat pat* of a few drops escaping April's bladder. A couple drips splash onto my heels.

More rustling, closer now

More rustling!

We can see the bush nearest to us rustle and then-

A tiny fox darts out. April yelps and jumps onto one leg, I manage to stop myself squealing. The fox goes to run back, but stops and looks at us. We look back at it, feeling very silly. It walks over to us

'Heya fella!' I whisper, crouching down. It walks over and lets me stroke its head. April looks at it and smiles. I rub behind its ears and it seems to smile at me when I do.

'You're a brave one!' I whisper to it, still stroking it. 'Most foxes would have run by now...'

'K-kate...'

'Oh yeah, let's keep going'

We carry on walking down the path, both of us feeling a bit silly, and April feeling a little bit damp. We don't talk much, where April is too concentrated on stopping any further losses. After a couple minute's walk we reach the end of the forest path

'Okay, you just need to hold on a little longer' I tell April

'I, uh, s-sure' she responds. She doesn't sound certain, and a hiss from inside her shorts tell me neither is her bladder. Another squirt lands on the ground, and some warm droplets slide down her leg. I look at her. Her shorts have a dark streak down the inside of her right leg, and her skin looks damp, even in the moon-light. She's at the point where it's obvious she's wetting herself, even though she hasn't lost too much. Not enough anyway, she's still bent double and hopping foot to foot.

'Come on April...You can make it now' I tell her, but I don't think she'll make it half way. Her shorts look like she hasn't made it already. That said, the streak is only an inch wide down the leg, but her crotch has a dark spot almost the size of a large apple. We keep going, the grass being a much more comfortable surface to walk on, although the grass does tickle a little bit.

We're about half way through the field when April has her next incident

'Kate!'

'What's wrong?'

'I c-can't hold it! I'm gonna have to-'

'Come on! We're so close!' I encourage her.

'Just let me wet my-'

'No! We're nearly there!'

'P-please, I don't mind anymore'

'April - you woke me up at one in the morning. I'm not giving up now!'

'O-okay...' she says, both hands tight between her thighs. 'F-for you...'

Before she can move I see her tense up again. Another Fsssh from inside her shorts is followed by another splash on the floor. She moans again, and then keeps forcing one foot in front of the other.

Five minutes have passed when we reach the toilet block. There are some dim lights around the block, illuminating the two of us, really showing the extent of April's shorts. There's a concrete path leading up to the toilet, nice and smooth, much easier on the feet. We both leave wet footprints behind us from the wet grass. That said, April's wet foot-prints go a little further than mine, she must be losing dribbles fairly often now. Her shorts seem to confirm that - the wet streak has almost doubled in size.

'Here we are' I tell April. When she doesn't say anything I look over to her. She's stood about a foot away from me, and we're both about twenty feet from the ladies. She's stood completely still again, staring at the floor. 'April?'

'H-help...'

I walk over to her, she gives me her hand. I take it in mine, not considering whether or not that's sweat or something else making her hand so wet. She grabs me tightly as I help her step forward. We reach the doorway and she lets go. She shudders again and a powerful FSSssshh! erupts, followed by a short yellow stream landing on the concrete. April trembles as she goes to move another foot into the bathroom.

Her foot lands on the floor. She goes to lift another. It doesn't go with her.

'Katie...'

'I'm not taking you in, that floor is filthy' I tell her, still watching as dribbles run down her legs.

'I-I-I....' She turns to me and grabs me with both hands. One hand takes my elbow, the other hand grabs my left breast. 'I can't hold it!'

Her hands squeeze hard, and her bladder must do the same. I hear a vicious FSSSHHH!! as she really clenches me. A yellow stream bursts out her shorts legs, splattering directly onto her feet. Just a short spurt, and it ends quickly, giving her time to gasp for air. As soon as she's breathed in a second time she clenches again another hiss erupts, and a longer stream spills out, splattering onto the concrete. 'I-I-I!' She stutters, but she can't get the words out. I don't know what to say. She pulls herself into me and puts her head below my chin.

'S-s-sorry!' she whimpers, her whole body on mine. I can feel her whole body tense up, I can hear the hiss, and I can feel it as she pees fiercely into her shorts. She wraps her hands around me as the contents of her bladder flush out of her, onto her legs and mine. I stand stunned as she loses control, and I wrap my own hands around her back. I hear her whimper once before her bladder squeezes again, throwing out more onto my feet and staining the bottoms of my pyjama trousers.

'April, just go...' I say to her. I feel her nod against my breasts, and then she relaxes her hands. The fierce hisses end, and a quieter, consistent hiss takes their places. Her shorts barely soak any of her pee in as it falls out of her. It streaks down both legs and pool around her feet immediately. Streams fall from the loose legs of her shorts and directly from her crotch as she accepts the inevitable. She lets go of me and wraps her hands around my waist, pulling herself into me again. I can only look down at her while she does, holding up one foot in an attempt to keep at least some of me dry. April sighs loudly as relief takes her, as she powerfully relieves herself. The puddles made by the streams from her shorts begin to merge into one, surrounding her and reaching my one foot on the floor, soaking around my toes.

Her face feels like fire against my chest, even through my shirt. She shudders a couple times, each time accompanies by a fiercer hiss, until eventually the splatters and splashes fall silent. She hugs me a little longer, before pulling back. She steps back and leans against the toilet-block wall, legs dripping the occasional yellow drip. I take a look at her shorts, the wet stain now covering the entire insides of the legs and spreading up the seat. The puddle on the floor is huge, it had grown to surround the two of us, my feet included. I'm still stood in the puddle, waiting to be able to make sense of things. She blushes and grins, as if proud of her accomplishment

'I, uh, sorry...' April giggles, blushing brightly. 'I c-couldn't hold it...'

'I noticed' I tell her. 'You sure held me though...'

She smirks and looks down.

'You know' I say. 'The reason I didn't go in the toilet was to avoid getting someone else's pee on my feet'

April giggles and joins me back in the puddle. I put my dry foot back into it. She walks close to me and takes my hands in hers. S-she's going to kiss me again!

She looks me in the eyes and I blush. I get ready to feel her press her face into mine. She blushes back. I close my eyes.

'Come on then' she says. I open my eyes. She's still smiling at me with my hands in hers. 'We'd better head back'

'I- Oh! Umm, yeah, of c-course'

I was so certain she'd -

Ahem

N-not that it's what I want, or-or anything. I just thought she m-might. B-because, you know - she'd done it before. It's n-not like I want her to....

We keep looking at each other, even having decided to move. I can feel my hands shaking in anticipation of what might happen. April looks cool and relieved, though that might be because she's just relieved herself down her legs.

'Sorry about getting you all wet' she says to me, leaning closer. S-she is going to kiss me!

'I just couldn't hold back...' she goes on, putting one wet foot onto mine. I blush again. She smiles at me, eyes half closed. I-I don't know w-what to say...

'And I can't hold back now...' she says, almost a whisper. Her face draws even closer to mine. Then she does it.

She presses her lips into mine again. Fingers intertwined, one foot on my own, she kisses me. We close our eyes at the same time and let ourselves be lost in the moment. She runs her foot against my leg a few times, letting it rest carefully back on my foot. I gladly kiss her back. We hold our hands at about shoulder height, our fingers clutching onto each others hands. She slowly pulls away and lets her eyes open. I do the same. Her face is a hot pink, and I imagine mine isn't much different

'L-lost in the moment?' I ask her, with a soft smile. She nods as she steps back. Then the world seems to hit her.

'I-I-I....We should, uh, head back....'

'April...'

'I, just, I - .....a little carried away....' she stutters, stumbling on her own words and scratching the back of her head. She looks to the floor.

'D-don't worry about it' I say to her, grinning.

'W-we should....we should head back....' April says, still red in the face.

It takes about fifteen minutes to reach the tent again, neither of us saying anything - none of us know what to say. By the time we reach the tent, April's shorts look a little drier - the once glistening stain is now a duller, softer grey. It still almost surrounds both her legs and covers her backside though. We stop as we reach the tent flap. She turns to me, grinning

'You okay?'

'I just gotta - '

She's interrupted by a splashing sound as she releases what has built up in her bladder since we left the toilet. Not a lot, but it's enough to streak down both legs, leaving wet lines over her feet, and pouring out her short's legs. She smiles blissfully as it runs out of her.

'Thought I'd get that out the way before we head back inside' she smiles at me. 'I won't try kissing you this time though...' she says, blushing and smiling. I blush and smile back.

We pull the flap over ourselves and head back inside the tent.

'Well, we'd better get some sleep' says April, looking almost disappointed.

'Maybe don't sleep in those wet pyjamas' I say to her, pointing at her shorts. She laughs

'You could be right!' she says, taking her shirt off. She pulls it over her head, and puts it onto one of the chairs. She looks at me, as if waiting for a response.

'Well, I kinda meant take of the wet stuff' I say with a grin. She grins back, and pulls them down. She steps out of them and holds them up. She's stood naked in front of me, holding her very wet shorts, a couple drips falling off them where she'd decided to wet them again before coming in.

'Alright then' I say to her. 'Good night'

She looks at me with a grin. 'Good night Katie!'

I'm about to head into my sleeping pod when she leans forward and pecks me, straight on the lips, catching me off guard. Just a quick peck, but it's enough for us to both blush red again.

She smiles and heads into her own pod, zipping it up behind her. I'm still stood outside, stunned.

I climb back into my pod, then into my sleeping back. A few wet stains on my pyjamas doesn't bother me too much, and I lie back, feeling very strange about myself.

As I lie there, beginning to drift of, I can't help but feel excited for the next day...
