The Desperate Tour

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2021-02-18 14:13

This one was thought of around the same time as my last one (Men Peeing on the Side of the Road) and I remember I was in some type of situation vaguely like this, although I can't remember the specifics other than I remember the bus arrived late and not everybody got to go to the bathroom again, which has happened to me more than once, as readers of my blogs will know. But I thought this one was a good contrast to the last story as this one shows that even a female tour guide wouldn't be any more sympathetic to women needing to go to the bathroom nor would the other female tourists. It also shows that when people vote on bathroom breaks democracy can really suck! Enjoy! Also in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/5085.html

The Desperate Tour

Jill looked at her watch, it had been over 3 1/2 hours since she had last used the bathroom and she was regretting the fact that she always carried bottles of water with her should she ever get thirsty. Unfortunately as the tour bus was traveling there was a huge accident that delayed things significantly. There were three tour buses in total and it seemed as though the other two tour buses managed to avoid the accident with the third bus trailing behind.

There was supposed to be a rest stop about two hours in but because of the traffic accident the bus driver said that to make up time they couldn't afford to stop another 15 minutes as there wasn't that much time to kill. They were already about a half hour behind schedule.

At the two-hour mark Jill wasn't desperate but now that it had been 3 1/2 hours she couldn't ignore her bladder any longer and she was wondering how much longer it would take for them to arrive at destination. Now that she had looked back at the entire journey she really realized that she could have really used that bathroom break an hour and a half earlier.

She also started to wish that she had been on one of the first two buses that happened to just be able to bypass the accident. They were a little bit ahead of the third bus which just happened to be unlucky enough to get behind the accident which took a half hour to clear.

The rest of the women in Jill's family had been on the second bus but as they were loading up on all the buses they ran out of room on the second bus, so Jill and the rest of the family had to get on bus number three, and now she never regretted more that strange twist of fate that had her in her current situation.

Jill was sitting in the back of the third bus near the window seat as her two cousins Kenny and Randall sat closer to the aisle.

"Are you okay Jill, you keep looking at your watch," Kenny said. "Don't worry I'm sure that we will catch up with the other buses soon."

"It's not that is just I could really use the bathroom right around now," Jill said tapping her foot impatiently.

Randall laughed. "This is because you drink so much water, you always have to go to the bathroom all the time."

"But we were supposed to have a bathroom break two hours in, I wasn't anticipating that we would have a traffic accident and the driver would just say screw the bathroom break and continue driving," Jill said as she continued tapping her feet.

"You don't have to shake the seat like that," Kenny said.

"I just wish we had been on the bus with everybody else in the family and we wouldn't be in this situation right now," Jill said as she checked her phone. "It looks like I just got a text message from cousin Jennifer. Apparently they just arrived at the destination already. Which means that right now they're probably on the way to the bathroom!"

Jennifer's text message asked how they were doing and Jill texted back that they should be there hopefully in the next half hour although the tour group would obviously wait for everyone to arrive before they started, even though they were on a fairly tight schedule. Jill also texted back I really need to pee to which Jennifer responded with LOL, like always. Big bathroom line here.

Jill adjusted herself in her seat. Hopefully by the time they arrived the bathroom line would have cleared out. That was one thing that made her relax a little bit, at least if the other two buses were there a half hour ahead of them when they arrived the bathroom should be clear for them.

As they approached their destination and Jill texted the family that they were almost there. Jennifer texted back that they were waiting for them to arrive and to meet them in the parking lot.

Finally the bus came to a stop and Jill could tell that all of the other women in the bus were also quick to get up from their seats.

"Come on go go go," Jill said as she pushed her cousins out into the aisle.

"Calm down Jill we all have to go to the bathroom," Kenny said as they slowly piled out into the aisle and got off the bus where they ran over to where the rest of the women of the family were waiting for them.

"Well you finally arrived," aunt Katherine said as she stood there with Jill's mother and aunts Patrice and Mary and cousin Jennifer. "Did you have a pleasant journey."

"I really really need a ladies room right now," Jill said as she bent at the knees a little bit.

"Do we even have time for that?" Aunt Patrice asked.

"We already went when we arrived earlier," aunt Mary said. "There was a big line of course. I don't know if we are going to have time for that."

"Easy for you to say, you already went to the bathroom, if there isn't time we're going to make time!" Jill said.

"This is why I always tell you not to drink so much," Jill's mother said as she sighed. "The bathroom is back over this way I think."

They got to the bathroom and as expected there was a big line and Jill could recognize several of the other women from the bus already in line for the bathroom.

"Oh Jesus," Jill said.

"I think it's even longer than it was before," Jennifer said as Jill stuck her tongue out at her.

"The tour is actually supposed to have started already," aunt Katherine said. "I don't see the tour guide here yet though so."

Jill was already waiting in line for the bathroom as Kenny and Randall went off into the men's room, which of course had no line whatsoever, and came out a few moments later.

"I wonder where the tour guide is," aunt Patrice said. "I guess that they are late as well."

"Hey is this everybody with the tour group," a woman said with a big smile as she came over. "I'm Candace and I am going to be your tour guide today. Is everybody here with the park tours?"

Everyone nodded in agreement.

Candace nodded. "Everybody who is part of the park tour please assemble over here right now."

Jill and several of the other women in line for the bathroom looked over at Candace and they looked at the line for the bathroom.

Candace laughed. "All of you stragglers in line for the bathroom please join up in line for the tour."

Jill raised her hand as she stood there in line with her legs crossed.

"Yes," Candace said. "Do you have a question about the tour?"

"Yeah I just I really have to go to the bathroom," Jill said smiling as several of the other women in the line in front of her nodded in agreement.

Candace looked at her watch. "I'm afraid that we have to begin the tour right away because there are other tour groups that are coming and we are already running a little bit late. Everyone was supposed to use the bathroom before the tour began."

"But the bus arrived a half hour late, we just got here a few minutes ago," Jill said as several of the other woman in the line in front of her nodded in agreement. Jill smiled at Candace figuring that a woman like her probably understood the situation because she could see Candace nodding.

Then Candace blew a whistle. "All you ladies in line for the restroom who are part of the tour please join the tour group right now."

Jill frowned. "But we didn't get to use the bathroom yet."

Several of the other women looks rather anxious as Candace stood there with her whistle shaking her head. "I'm sorry ladies but the rules are very strict, everyone was supposed to use the bathroom before the tour began and we can't afford to wait for everybody."

"But the bus was late and I drank a lot of water!" Jill shouted as now the rest of her family members were sort of looking at her like she was making a scene.

Candace nodded and smiled looking like she understood.

"So you understand I hope," Jill said smiling.

Candace nodded. "Yes I do, I understand that the bus was late, and I'm sorry about that, but it's just not my fault. Now we have a tight schedule to adhere to so I suggest that we all get moving right away. Come on ladies, hustle hustle!"

Jill frowned as she saw the other women begrudgingly get off of the line for the bathroom, most of them looking rather annoyed.

Jill raised her hand and Candace pointed to her. "Are we going to get to another bathroom sometime soon?"

Candace looked at her watch. "Well I know the sooner that we start the tour the sooner that the tour will come to an end and there should be bathrooms along the way."

"Oh come on Jill, I'm sure there will be a bathroom later," Jill's mother said as she waved her over and they started walking around in the tour group.

As Jill started walking with the group she could see that a lot of the other women were walking uneasily and that a couple of them stopped and were crossing their legs.

"A lot of these plants in this garden were planted over 100 years ago," Candace said as she pointed to a lot of the trees. "These cherry blossoms were a gift from Japan."

As she pointed to the cherry blossoms all of the sudden sprinklers started going off watering the lawn around them as several of the women sort of stared with looks of horror, and Jill could see a few of them crossing and uncrossing their legs, much as she noticed she was doing as she raised her hand.

"Yes," Candace said as she looked at Jill with a stern look which caused Jill to put her hand down.

"Never mind," Jill said as she realized that asking for a bathroom break at that moment was going to be met with a very firm we have to stay on schedule.

The tour continued as they walked through a maze of hedges. As they did so she could see a couple of the women sort of jogging in place in front of her and looking around for a bathroom, but Jill did not see any bathrooms in the hedge maze, not that she ever expected to.

"Christ when we going to get to a freaking bathroom," one of the women in front of Jill said as she tapped her foot in annoyance. It was a large woman and Jill couldn't help but think that she had probably had a whole bunch to eat and likely drink as well.

"I know they couldn't even let us use the bathroom before we started the tour," Jill said.

The woman nodded. "Ridiculous, I mean the bus was late, that's not our fault."

"Well I mean it's not like they could help it, it's not her fault that the buses were late," the man next to her said. "Maybe if you didn't drink so much you wouldn't have to go to the bathroom all the time Brenda."

"Well it's easy for you to say Jack, you got to go to the bathroom when we arrived," Brenda said.

Jack shook his head. "So are you going to penalize me because I was able to use the bathroom more quickly? There was no line at the men's room so I went, there was a big line at the ladies room, it's just not realistic to hold up the tour group for like 30 or 40 minutes just so everybody can go to the bathroom."

Jill and Brenda sort of exchanged looks and rolled their eyes at Jack, both basically saying this guy totally doesn't get it.

Jill stuck close to Brenda during the rest of the tour of the hedge maze as Jill caught up with her family.

"Are you enjoying the tour," aunt Patrice said.

"I still have to go to the bathroom," Jill said as she sort of bent at the knees and shifted in place.

Aunt Patrice shrugged her shoulders. "Sorry there's nothing I can do about it, just try not to think about it."

Jill looked at cousin Jennifer standing there guzzling down her bottle of water before smiling in Jill's direction causing Jill to look away.

Jill tried not to think about it but as the half hour tour of the hedge maze continued she found the weight in her bladder growing by the moment and it was very hard for her to concentrate on what was going on or what the tour guide was saying.

Jill continued to hang around with Brenda and she couldn't help but notice that Brenda was sort of trying to grab herself when she thought nobody was looking and putting all of her considerable weight on her heels when the group was stationary.

"Don't worry I am sure that this part of the tour will be over soon," another girl about Jill's age said as she came over to them as she looked at her watch and frowned. "I'm Becky by the way."

"I'm Jill," Jill said as she shook Becky's hand before Brenda did likewise. "I haven't gone in like 4 1/2 hours now."

"Good God, are you ladies still complaining about the damn bathroom," Jack said that the three of them said nothing and continued walking.

As the tour continued for another 15 minutes Jill was finding it hard to continue walking and found herself stopping every few moments to cross and uncross her legs as Brenda and Becky did likewise.

Finally they cleared out of the hedge maze into what looked like another garden full of all sorts of topiary, bushes that were made to look like elephants and horses and unicorns.

"Does anybody have any questions?" Candace said as she looked over the group still smiling politely.

"What are we going to get to a freaking bathroom!" Brenda said as several people in the group laughed but several other women started speaking up with lots of yeahs.

Jill could see that there were at least 15 or 20 other women in the tour group who were looking decidedly uncomfortable.

Candace looked at her watch. "Don't worry we will get to a bathroom when we get to one."

"That's what you said 45 minutes ago and I have had two large diet cokes on the bus ride," Brenda said.

Candace nodded and smiled. "I realize that a lot of you do need to use the restroom, but don't worry the sooner we get through this tour the sooner we will find a bathroom. I'm just asking everybody to be really patient and to try and enjoy yourselves."

Several of the women that Jill noticed from the bus were all shaking their heads, crossing their arms, tapping their feet and making all sorts of exasperated groans and other sounds of annoyance.

Jennifer looked over at Jill and the other women who were looking decidedly uncomfortable and she sort of smiled before she raised her hand.

"Yes," Candace said as she pointed at Jennifer.

"All of this topiary is really lovely, but do you think maybe we could just take a couple of minutes and use it as a photo opportunity," Jennifer said smiling as several women in the front started nodding.

Aunt Mary smiled. "Hey you that's a good idea, my daughter always thinks of great ideas like that."

Candace looked at her watch. "Well we really are on a very tight schedule and every little stop like that makes a difference. If you want to stop to take pictures with the topiary I'm afraid that we are going to have to make up for it by skipping our break."

"Did you say skipping the break," Jill said as she looked at Brenda. "By skipping the break do they mean that they are skipping the bathroom break?"

Candace shook her head and looked at her watch again. "Well in the spirit of democracy I say that we put it to a vote. If we are going to stop for maybe let's say 15 minutes to take pictures, that means we will have to forgo our first break. So the way I see it there are about 80 people in this group, so how many vote that we should take our break now so that you can all take pictures."

Jill could see that a majority of hands started going up, in fact most of the hands except for the women that she noticed from the bus who didn't get to use the bathroom were raised high.

Candace started pointing and counting before shaking her head. "Well it's obvious that a majority of you think that we should take a picture break, so everybody we will take a 15 minute break now so that everybody can pose for pictures. But this is very important, nobody should leave the premises to wander off elsewhere."

"We have to go to the damn bathroom!" Brenda shouted as several of the other women who didn't get to go to the bathroom started speaking up in anger.

Candace nodded and smiled. "Don't worry we will get to a break eventually, but the majority rules, and the majority of people want to stop now to take some pictures, so everybody ready to get moving in the next 15 minutes."

"Come on Jill let's take some pictures," Jill's mom said as Jill went off with her family and posed for a lot of pictures.

"Stop fidgeting Jill," aunt Katherine said.

"Yeah Jill you look kind of like you have ants in your pants or something," Jennifer said as Jill shot her an angry glance.

"I hope you are really enjoying these pictures," Jill said as she forced a smile and stood still and posed for some pictures.

Finally Candace blew her whistle. "Okay everybody back on the tour."

"Look I'm sorry I don't want to protest but a lot of us haven't gone to the bathroom in five hours and this is just getting ridiculous now," Brenda said as several of the other woman started shouting in agitation.

Candace tried smiling but as she looked at all of the angry faces of women with their arms crossed and their feet tapping she could see that things were getting ugly. Candace looked at her watch again and nodded. "You know I think in another 15 minutes we will be coming up to a rest area, so if you can all just hold on a little bit longer."

Several of the women started moaning and complaining but eventually they just started walking along with the tour group again.

Finally 20 minutes later, not 15 but 20 minutes later, at the 5 1/2 hour mark Candace brought them over to the rest area.

"Okay everybody now we can only take 15 minutes at the absolute most, so you have 15 minutes now to use the bathroom but that's it, I'm sorry but we cannot afford a single minute more. At 15 minutes I am going to blow my whistle and anyone who is not back on the tour I'm afraid that you're just out of luck."

All of the women began piling towards the bathrooms and Jill couldn't help but notice that Jennifer got in front of her in line.

"Oh come on you already got to go to the bathroom," Jill said.

"Yeah but that was nearly 2 hours ago now and I've been drinking a lot," Jennifer said.

Jill gritted her teeth. "Just please try to hurry up."

The woman piled rapidly into the bathroom as Jill continued looking at her watch. She couldn't help but notice that a couple of the women who had not been in line for the bathroom when they first arrived when the bus was late were already going for a second time.

Jill could see Brenda and Becky got to use the bathroom and came out with big smiles on their faces.

"Wow that felt better," Brenda said as she patted Jill on the shoulder. "It looks like it's almost your turn."

Jennifer smiled as she got into the stall in front of Jill. As Jill listened to the sound of Jennifer peeing loudly she was ready to scream and she began pounding on the stall. "Hurry up in there, other people have to go!"

"Okay everybody out of the bathroom, hustle hustle," Candace said as she ran into the ladies room.

"But not everybody got to go yet!" Jill shouted.

"I'm sorry but we can't afford to wait any longer," Candace said as Jill walked sheepishly out of the bathroom barely able to stand up straight.

Jill came out of the bathroom where she saw Brenda and Becky waiting with big smiles on their faces with a big frown on her face.

Candace looked at the tour group, most of the other women who were late to arrive were looking much happier.

"Well I hope that everybody is feeling better now," Candace said as she looked at her watch. "But I'm afraid that we're not going to have time for another break if we are going to make up lost time. If we want to see everything we are going to have to keep going. But we have a choice. We have another hour left of the tour before we have to get back on the buses. Now I think we have about 45 minutes left to try and see everything, but I do want to put it to a vote. Now we can take the scenic route and still get to see everything, or we could break 15 minutes early so that everyone has time to stretch before they get on the bus. So what does everybody want to vote for? Should we take the scenic route or should we arrange for a brief time to stretch our legs before we get back on the bus?"

This time almost every single hand went up for the scenic route such that Jill didn't even bother putting up her hand as she walked over to Becky and Brenda.

"Isn't it great Jill," Brenda said as she put her arm around Jill with a big smile as she started taking a drink from her bottle of Coke.

"Spectacular," Jill said as she saw Brenda and Becky breezily walking up and catching up with the rest of the group. Jill simply shook her head, took her bottle of water, emptied it on the floor and then very slowly, stopping every few paces to cross her legs, rejoined the tour group.

I do think that maybe the fact that I'm not getting to pee at my job might have influenced my last couple of stories that and without the protagonist getting to go to the bathroom at all. Just a thought.

