Panty Allergy: A story in two parts

Author: DerivativeWings

*000*2022-04-22 14:00

Foreword

Hi, reader! This story is a somewhat unusual one, but I hope the high concept will capture your imagination. I was planning to finshing this story completely before I posted it, but as these things often do it became a lot longer than I had initially anticipated. I am also going to be leaving soon to travel for a while, so it like a good time to post this thing since I wouldn't be able to work on it for a while. I know I can be a little spotty with updating my stories at times (Life gets in the way), but if people seem to enjoy this one I'm going to try finishing it when I get back home again. Either way, it was a fun story to work on so I hope it will be equally enjoyable to read!

Panty Allergy: Part 1

For her entire life, Annica had suffered from a rather unusual condition. Simply put, as long as she was wearing clothes covering her bottom bits, she would be completely unable to pee. Whether she was wearing jeans, a skirt or even just a pair of panties, not a drop would escape her. Now, this may in fact seem like an advantage – allowing Annica to avoid wetting herself in case of an emergency. And it might have been, had that been the only part of her condition. However, Annica was also unable to pee for about twenty minutes after removing anything covering her lower parts. As you can imagine, this was highly inconvenient whenever Annica left her home. By necessity, she had cultivated a significant endurance, but she still ran into situations where she ended up having to hold it far beyond what was comfortable from time to time. This is one of those times.

Annica had known the five-hour train ride would be somewhat challenging given her condition but had not foreseen the issues this particular trip would cause. A few factors throughout the day had conspired against her. To start, she had severely overslept, causing her to rush to the train station and completely missing her chance at a morning pee. To make matters worse, the train’s arrival had been delayed by an entire hour. During this wait, Annica couldn’t exactly pee either despite there being a toilet at the station, as she would either need to drop her pants in public or wait inside the toilet and potentially miss her train. And to top it all off, when Annica finally got onto the train after what felt like an eternity, it got stuck on the rails after just over two hours. And it was for these three reasons that Annica was absolutely bursting to pee less than a third into her train ride.

I would like to make an attempt at providing a visual description of this particular moment in time, as Annica realizes she is in quite the troubling situation. It was 13:07 at this precise point in time, just around three and a half hours since Annica woke up. She is sitting on a window seat, having all of the four-seat booth to herself. The seats themselves have a velvety red color, and the view from the window is somewhat dour at the moment – barren forests and poor weather. Annica herself is clothed fairly casually – a red worn-out plain t-shirt, jean skirt and a heavy jacket. The seats come furnished with a folding table, and the one next to Annica has an empty coffee cup as well as a crumb-covered wad of paper that once held a sandwich. And as I mentioned before, the train was completely and disappointingly still.

While Annica is afforded some privacy as a result of having no seat-neighbors at the moment, the rest of her car is populated enough that dropping her pants for an hour seemed rather unfeasible, for several reasons. Lowering her skirt and panties for just a moment felt risky enough, to say nothing of keeping them down for almost half an hour! Furthermore, if someone saw what she was doing, how could she possibly explain her situation in any reasonable way? Annica was reminded of a horrifically embarrassing situation from when she was younger and had been in a similar plight.

Searing pain and desperation had pushed her to try to go pantsless for an extended period in a much less public situation than this. Back then she had been discovered and had to tearfully explain her condition while wearing nothing downstairs – a double blow to her dignity. Now, in the train, she was not quite as mind-shatteringly desperate as she had been back then, but she was also more than three hours away from any kind of privacy. And to make matters worse, even when she did reach that privacy, she’d still have to wait the last agonizing twenty minutes before she could relieve herself due to her condition.

With all of this in mind, it’s not so strange that Annica is carefully considering her options. Her pee-addled brain definitely makes it harder to focus, but she remains keenly aware that things were only going to get worse from here. It was critical that she found some kind of solution while she was still capable of thinking straight. She decides to spend some time walking down the corridors of the train to figure out what she had to work with. Due to her unsubtle, slightly hunched over posture, anyone taking more of a cursory glance would have to conclude she was in quite desperate need of a toilet. However, that same person would of course deduce she was headed straight towards one of the two train bathrooms, concluding that she would soon be relieved of her problem.

Instead, Annica walks right by the first bathroom, then the second. Nobody pays her enough attention to make a note of this, but if anyone had observed her for the duration of her walk, they would undoubtedly have found her behavior strange. Any normal person as full as Annica was would have rushed into the first bathroom as soon as they saw it, but getting inside was not going to be of much use to her unless she could then also stay inside for a while. Since neither of the bathrooms appear to be suffering from especially heavy traffic, Annica makes up her mind. Looping back around, she enters the first bathroom. Quickly, she removes her skirt and underwear and sits down on the toilet, which still had the seat down. Unsurprisingly, no liquid escapes in the toilet bowl despite how full Annica is. The upcoming hour was undoubtedly going to be slow, but at least our heroine was going to get to pee, right?

Sitting on the toilet, nude waist down, and absolutely desperate to pee would undoubtedly be both strange extremely and uncomfortable for most people. For Annica, it was something she’d experienced several times in the past even though she always tried her hardest to avoid it. Her bladder pushed against her stomach, and seemingly Annica was having a hard time finding a sort of comfortable sitting position while naked. A few times she stands up, and paces back and forth, which is more of a waddle with her skirt on her ankles. She gets her phone out and scrolls aimlessly, perhaps to take her mind of her need to pee. Again, I would like to paint an image of this moment, as Annica sits on the toilet waiting. Her posture is a lot stiffer than what you would usually expect for someone seated on porcelain, straight-backed rather than slightly hunched over. Her tee is slightly displaced, only halfway covering what is a very noticeable bulge on Annica’s lower stomach.

A little over fifteen minutes since Annica entered the train bathroom, a knocking sound emanates from the other side of the door. Then, a woman’s voice “Excuse me, but are you finished soon? My daughter really needs to go.”. Annica visibly tenses, and appears to nearly drop her phone before balancing it on the nearby sink. She responds “I-I’m having some stomach issues. There is another toilet, it might be free s-sooner?” Annica strokes her midsection when she finishes speaking, perhaps because the sudden commotion agitated her bladder. Only a minute later, there is more knocking and the same woman’s voice, now with a tinge of desperation “Please, the second restroom is out of order. My daughter is about to have an accident!”.

Now, I think it’s worth elaborating on Annica’s inner thoughts at this point in time. When she responded the first time, she was desperately attempting to ensure the other toilet would be used. She had already spent nearly twenty uncomfortable minutes inside the bathroom, and hours before that bursting to pee. If she could just stay like this for a few minutes longer, she would finally get her long-awaited relief. In that light, I think the slight selfishness on her part can be forgiven. However, as soon as she heard the second plea, a different sort of image appeared in her mind. It was that of a young daughter, who unavoidably going to wet herself unless Annica acted now. As a grown woman, Annica simply had no choice. She barely felt any discomfort as she stood up and covered herself up, though she did give one last longing glance towards the toilet seat before she left the toilet for good.

Stepping outside, Annica is witness to the full extent of the issue she had been the cause of. The daughter was not the young girl Annica had imagined, but nonetheless seemed to be in a state of genuine desperation as she rushed inside the stall. In addition to that, a line of several women had formed since Annica entered the bathroom, and each of them seemed clearly quite eager to get their turn in. There was a tall, blonde-haired girl exchanging worried looks with her shorter travelling companion who looked quite worse for wear and openly fidgeting. Another woman in too tight-fitting jeans was blushing with grit teeth, betraying the fact that she was in a bad spot. The mother, seemingly having secured a more favorable spot in the queue for her daughter but not herself, regretfully eyed the closed bathroom door while making her way to the back of the queue. Annica, not wanting to deal with any further embarrassment, hurried back to her seat.

How will Annica resolve her predicament? Find out in the next part...

