Julia goes hunting

Author: Dimwitrolo

*000*2017-02-02 02:42

Quick preface before I begin - For those of you keeping up with my interactive story, Wet in the Wastelands, this is the side story I mentioned in the last update.

This story is set a few years before wet in the wasteland - around 200 years after nuclear war. Julia is a young teenage girl living with her family as they make a living for themselves in the nuclear wastelands

'Julia'

'Julia?'

'JULIA!'

Julia jerked awake to the sound of her brother's voice.

'Come on you, get up buddy!' Jim insists, before darting back out the room and leaving the door wide open after him. Again.

'Thank you Jim' she mutters to herself, as she swings her legs over the side of the bed. She lets her eyes adjust to the morning light, focusing on her surroundings. Last one up as usual.

Jim was the youngest of Julia's siblings, and the most energetic. And also the only one who left her door open all the time, no matter how many times she told him. So of course he was always the one who woke her up in the mornings.

Julia pushes herself forward and over the edge of the bed, slapping her bare feet onto the old wooden floor boards as they land. Lifting herself out the bed, she yawns and stretches, before heading out into the hallway.

The house itself was a rather large farmhouse, made larger by post war additions. The house needed to be large to house Julia's family - her own 4 brothers and 5 sisters, her parents, her fathers 3 sisters and their own children. You know, the usual. Still, most of the time around half the family weren't around, they'd be tending to the farms, keeping an eye out for raiders, or trading with local settlements. All in all the family was quite well off, all things considered. Today the house was mostly empty for these exact reasons. There were only a handful of people inside today, which Julia could guess by how quiet the house was.

Julia swung out of the bedroom and aimed herself toward the bathroom. Running water was a rare sight, but her grandfather had managed to install a bunch of pumps and filters when he was young enough. Running water was the last thing Julia needed right now though - she had enough water build up in her bladder over night. All she wanted now was to be able to let it out. One of the good things about waking up so late though was that the bathroom was always free.

Usually anyway.

Reaching the bathroom at the end of the hall, Julia grabs the handle and slumps her body against the door. The door doesn't move

'I'm in here!' comes Jim's voice from inside. Great. Not wanting to wait around, Julia decides to head back to her room and put on some clothes while she waits. Yawning again, she begins to walk back to her room to get changed. She steps inside, shuts the door and slumps onto her bed. Still tired. Julia plans her day in her head before she gets changed. Today she'd be going hunting.

Recently she'd been going hunting more often to learn how to shoot - a vital skill when most of the neighbours only come round to steal what they can and set on fire what they can't. Julia's father had bought her her very own rifle the last time he'd been into a larger settlement - a double barrel rifle, made nearby from cast iron, with the family crest engraved in between the barrels. Nothing overly fancy, but Julia loved it.

Before she could go hunting though, she had to get dressed. Julia stands up again, stretches, and throws off her nightdress. She looks at herself in the body-length mirror in her room. Her naked reflection looks back. She's about 5'6, slim but healthy. Her pale skin is barely tanned, despite spending most of her time outside. Where she lived the sun was a rare sight, more often covered by radioactive thunder clouds which threatened rain but rarely delivered. Her breasts are fairly sized - not too large, not too small. Pert and symmetrical, Julia couldn't help but be proud of them.

And looking back from the mirror are Julia's eyes - a deep blue. Unlike anything else in the wasteland, Julia's eyes were a perfect, untainted blue. Julia can't help but admire herself in the mirror for a second. Until she notices how scruffy her hair is - talk about bed hair. She grabs a comb and has a go at taming the blonde mess on her head. After a minute of struggle and knots, she tames it a little. Her hair is around shoulder length and brushed to one side, hanging half over one eye. Deciding that her hair is as neat as she can get it, and that she'd done with being naked, Julia decides to get dressed.

She grabs a pair of slate combat pants from the floor and drags them on, before fastening the leather belt which squeezes at her bladder. Fairly loose fitting, they don't restrict movement and keep cool. No underwear in this weather - thunder clouds or no, the wind carries the heat around, creating a cloudy but warm climate, and underwear just create more heat. Plus there's something Julia can't help but like about the free feeling of being commando. She puts on a plain white bra, a little threadbare and worn, but familiar and comfortable.

Over this she slings on a plain white button-up shirt. Nothing fancy, but light and airy. She doesn't button it up yet. Deciding that three pieces of clothing are fine for now, she opens the door and begins to head to the bathroom. As Jim leaves and shuts the door behind him she knows it won't be long now. What she doesn't notice though is the sound of bounding footsteps behind her until they pass her and Julia watches one of her sisters rocket into the bathroom and slam the door shut behind themselves

'Oh come on Annie!' Julia protests 'I was next'

'Can't hear you, too busy peeing' comes the response, followed by the trickling of water into water. Julia leans against the wall and puts one hand against her crotch. Not like she has long to wait now anyway

'I might be a while Jules, don't bother waiting by the door'

'Oh good' Julia mumbles. So much for not waiting long. Deciding not to spectate her sister's bowel movements, Julia makes her way downstairs and into the kitchen. Jim is sat at the table with a couple of apples from the tree outside. Some of the more normal looking apples anyway - these ones don't have tumours and they don't glow.

'You sure you should be eating those?' Julia asks him

'No' He answers, taking a bite. At least he's honest. 'Oh!' he starts - 'Ben and Mick brought back a bunch of food they found, old pre-war stuff'

'Pre-war food? Shouldn't it all be rotten?' Julia asks. After all, it would be two hundred years old

'No no no! It's all air tight stuff! Dried food!'. Jim is quite proud to have remembered this

'Ben and Mick left last week' Julia reminds him.

'Yeah, I forgot to tell you about it' Jim admits, taking another bite into his apple. 'They even got tea and coffee'

The promise of coffee interests Julia. She's only had it once or twice before, but only stuff grown after the war. She'd heard of pre-war instant coffee - stuff you could just put into hot water without filtering or grinding - and now she could try some for herself. Flinging open the cupboards and ignoring boxes of pre-war dried food, Julia eventually finds a bunch of glass jars with full of brown granules and a colourful label reading 'Coffee!' over a picture of a clear white cup. She takes the jar out the cupboard and sets it on the side, and then does the same with a bag of sugar.

'You gonna make some?' Jim asks, trying not to spit out bits of apple as he does

'Yup!' she says, heading over to the stove. She throws some chunks of wood into the stove before lighting it. She grabs one of the cast-iron pots and brings it to the water tap. She twists the handle and it spits a stream into the pot. The harsh splatter of the water however reminds Julia of a more pressing issue than coffee - her bladder. She squeezes her thighs together, deciding to go to the toilet once the pot is full and in the stove. As the pot fills it gets harder to hold up the pot, and the splatter of water onto iron becomes the splashing of water into more water, which alerts her bladder even more. The longer Julia hears the splashing, the more she notices her bladder, and the heavier the pot gets.

Deciding that there's enough in the pot, she takes the pot over to the stove. Without her thighs pressed together her bladder begins to scream at her internally. Each step sends a shudder to her bladder and by the time she reaches the stove Julia is in pain trying not to pee. Julia bends over to put the pot in the stove, and as she does she can feel her bladder give way - the heat of pee as it begins to leave her bladder and travel down her urethra. She pushes the pot securely onto the stand and brings her hands away as quick as she can, jamming them between her legs. Without the pot, Julia regains control less than seconds before it's too late. A single drip is all that escapes, leaving a tiny drip mark on her pants. She stands still for a moment, bent slightly, as her confidence in her bladder comes back to her. Standing straight, Julia decides to head to the toilet.

Julia jogs up the stairs and over to the bathroom door, which is, of course, locked again. She knocks on the door

'Hey, it's Richard, come back in a bit' comes the voice inside

'Oh come on!' Julia moans

'Sorry Julie' Richard says. He doesn't sound it

Julia decides it's not worth waiting. She'll have to do something else. As tempted as she is to just begin wetting herself on the spot, Julia needs to find somewhere to go. One hand jammed between her legs, she shuffles into her room. She looks around for anything. Beds. Draws. Clothes. Wardrobe. Julia pulls open a draw and begins to undo her belt. Flicking the belt buckle open, Julia pulls down the zipper, pulls her pants a few inches down before realising that peeing in a draw is a terrible idea. Her bladder takes a moment to realise this though, and a second drop escapes, falling onto zipper on her pants.

'Uhhh!' she groans, stood baring herself into a cupboard before deciding to zip up and find something else. The temptation to not bother looking and to just start peeing makes a return, but Julia swats it away again. She leaves her room and heads back to the bathroom, knocking on the door again

'Still here' comes the reply

Julia thuds down the stairs again and into the kitchen. Jim has left now, but he's left half an apple behind. Julia has another look around, hopping from foot to foot as she does. Bowls, pots, cups, loads of things meant to hold liquid. Julia takes a cup from the side and begins to unzip her pants again. Glancing around to make sure the place is empty, she presses the cup through the hole, wincing as the cool porcelain touches her skin. She's about to let go and fill the cup before she hears foot steps. Pulling the cup away quickly before anyone comes in, Julia is forced to hold it in again. Jim comes bounding in with more apples

'Hey Julie!' he says, energetic as ever and unaware of Julia's predicament. 'Want one?' He offers

'NnnNo thanks' she says, trying to hold her bladder shut. Jim looks at her, realising something's wrong but not what. 'J-just getting a drink' she says, bluffing as to why she's holding a cup

'Your pants are open' he says, pointing down and smirking.

A little surprised and a little embarrassed, Julia pulls the zipper back up, before filling her cup and drinking the whole thing. This extra water hits her like a train, and her bladder seems to yelp in pain. Putting the now empty cup down on the side, Julia jogs out the kitchen door and into the dining room. Looking around, there's no where to go, and even if there was she's in direct line of site of Jim. Can't pee here. She carries on walking into the entrance hall. Nothing to pee in, so she heads out front. The cooler air is a welcome change.

Hopping off the stone steps and onto the dust road leading away, Julia decides to look for somewhere out the way to empty her bladder. The thought of bladders and peeing brings back temptation - how good it would feel and how easy it would be to give up on the spot and soak herself. Shuffling her feet through the dust, Julia is reminded that a puddle here would stick out quite a lot, as would a pair of soaked pants. Julia decides to head around the side of the house. It's quite a long house, and it takes around five minutes to reach the first turn. This is far enough Julia decides.

Glancing around, the place seems empty. No windows look onto her either. The ground here is grass, so she won't leave any trace. This is the perfect place for Julia to pee. So she does.

Julia relaxes her bladder.

She tilts her head back and smiles

She feels a wave of warm relief as if her bladder is thanking her

She feels the heat of liquid run through her body and out of her and into her pants

And into her pants?!

'Yeep!' Julia yelps as she realises what she's doing, and she punches at her belt, tearing at the buckle. Belt undone, she pulls the zip down and jams her pants down her thighs with one hand while trying to stop her pee with the other. Her pants slide down, but she isn't quite so successful at stopping her pee from cascading out. Realising she doesn't have another choice she bends at the knee and rests her back against the wall, getting into a sitting position. Now her pants are clear of the stream, and she can pee all she wants. Her hand isn't clear though, but Julia doesn't have time for these small details.

Already peeing, Julia pushes on her bladder and relaxes her arms, letting them fall to her sides, one of them dripping. Her pee streams out of her and splatters onto the dirt, quickly mixing it into hot mud. She sighs loudly, tilting her head again as she does. The relief sweeps over her again, and she shivers slightly as it does, making her stream flicker side to side. The dirt cannot absorb most of Julia's pee, and instead a puddle grows invisibly under the grass. One whole night's worth of piss.

Finally released. Julia grins as the gold stream continues to pound against the mud, flicking drops of mud and piss up and onto the heels of her feet and legs of her pants. Within seconds, the puddle has spread as far as her bare feet, the heat of the liquid pressing against Julia's heels, then the arches and balls of her feet, before engulfing her toes. The stream continues to splash down barely inches away from her feet. Another wave of relief falls over Julia as she begins to finish. The satisfaction of having finally gone, despite any adversity.

She felt like she'd beaten her brothers and sisters who had blocked her from the toilet. Her stream begins to slow to a trickle, and by now there is a significant puddle hidden in the grass. Julia doesn't think about this as she slides down the wall and into the grass, her bare backside splashing as it lands in hot mud. As Julia feels the puddle ripple around her butt as she finishes peeing, Julia realises that maybe sitting down wasn't her best idea. Too late now though, so Julia presses on her bladder one last time and lets a last spurt out into the grass.

She sits still for a moment, just enjoying not needing to pee anymore, and examines her pants. A black streak down the grey pant leg down to the knee reminds her that she needs to take her pants of before she starts peeing next time. Using the wall as an aid, Julia pushes herself back to her feet, mud and grass sticking to her legs and backside. Wiping off what she can with her hands, Julia pulls up her pants and heads back inside, deciding to have a wash before she leaves.

Coming out from the bathroom after having washed herself, Julia decides that now she ought to begin her day properly She heads into her bedroom and picks up a pair of shorts. These shorts are a similar material to her pants, though a little paler. They reach about 1/3 of the way down her thigh and are quite loose around the legs. Still no underwear. Heading downstairs, she takes the pot off the stove and leaves it on the side. Pouring the boiling water into a mug, followed by a teaspoonful of coffee and three of sugar, Julia looks forward to having her first ever pre-war coffee. While she waits for the steaming cup to cool down, she decides to search for the things she'll need today - her rifle, some rounds, shoes, water and food. She brings the rifle and ammo to the kitchen and lays it on the table.

She slides her feet into her black walking boots. These boots are well worn but more or less invincible, and very comfy. She grabs her coffee, blows on it a couple times, then takes a sip. The taste is much more rounded than the post-war nonsense that they buy from traders. She likes it. A lot. So she pours herself another cup before looting the cupboards for some dried food to take with her. A bag of dehydrated dried and vacuum-sealed fruits ought to be enough.

Julia has her second coffee, pours another, then goes to fill a flask with water. When she gets back with a full flask, she finishes her third coffee, and pours another. Looking out the window, the weather looks like it should be pleasant. Julia looks out the window as she has her fourth coffee. She really likes the pre-war stuff, but decides that four is enough when she begins to feel jittery. She packs the food, bullets and flask into a bag, picks up her rifle and heads out. Today she'll go to the hunting cabin just outside the farm's borders.

Walking up the path Julia begins to realise just how strong the pre-war coffee is, compared to the locally grown beans. She realises this when she notices her teeth chattering despite the warm air. Then she remembers that she drank four cups of it. Still, the best teacher is experience - that's why she's going hunting after all. Plus, while it's nice to be able to eat home-grown food all the time, sometimes some wild meat can be a nice addition, and her brother Richard is a great chef. Thinking about what Richard could do with her catch, Julia hurries to the cabin.

The cabin is a plain wooden box hidden under leaves, grass and twigs. It's hard to notice save the worn path leading into the door. Usually Julia would be wondering around as she hunts, but being on her own it's best to stay somewhere safe. Well, safe-ish. No where is really safe from the local bears - Mute-bears. Despite the name, they aren't quiet - the 'mute' is short for mutant. Huge, muscly creatures, some with an extra pair of front legs. Famous for being able to knock through brick walls. The only way to safely deal with them is to avoid them. Of course they won't bother you if you don't have anything nearby.

This means that, to be safe, you can't leave any food or body waste lying around. That means going to the toilet before and after your trip or else you might attract something unpleasant. Still, Julia should be safe - four coffees has put her on her toes, and she'll notice a mute-bear before it gets too close. But to keep the cabin safe she won't be going to the toilet any time soon. She pulls up a chair and leans her rifle on the cabin's open windows. Most animals won't notice anything strange about the cabin until a bright flash, loud bang and an exploded head. For now, Julia just has to wait...

The coffees don't wear off anytime soon, and an hour passes and Julia is still vibrating. Four coffees. Not a good idea.

Another hour passes. Nothing. A couple of birds, too small to bother with, but nothing worth a second look. Not that she'd be able to hit one with the way she's shaking.

Another hour, and the shaking begins to wear down. Not quite enough though, which Julia discovers when she takes aim at a hairless deer. Her jittering hands make the sights a suggestion of things you might hit. A crack hits the air as Julia takes the shot. The bullet thumps into a tree, and the deer bolts away. Firing the second barrel out of hope and frustration she misses again, hitting the same tree. Sadly for Julia, you can't eat tree, so she has to stay a little longer. By now of course Julia's bladder is back on her mind - The shaking is over, now the coffee's on the way back out.

Another hour passes. Julia is determined not to leave without bagging something. However her bladder is determined to get her attention. Four hours in the cabin has also made Julia hungry. She opens a bag of fruits and begins eating them. They taste surprisingly sweet, though they leave an annoying film over her tongue and teeth. Julia takes a swig of water after every third fruit to get rid of it. The fruits are nice though, so she keeps eating them while she waits...

A fifth hour passes and Julia's eaten all 3 bags of fruit, and drunk all the water. All two litres of it. Still, she hasn't had anything else to drink since the four coffees, maybe she'll be fine...

Sixth hour. Julia is not fine. Her bladder is on her mind every second, no matter how hard she tries to swat it away. She can barely focus on her hunting, but she's determined not to go home without something. Anything. And if that means holding onto a full bladder for seven hours so be it.

'First thing you see is your target' She tells herself. 'First thing you see. Then you can leave. Then you can pee'

Like last time, Julia is tempted to go on the floor, or in her shorts. Though this time she doesn't have to worry about Jim laughing at her, now she has to worry about a mute-bear ruining the cabin, or her if she's unlucky. Still, her aching bladder makes her more determined that ever to bag something. Only problem is, nothing is nearby. She squeezes her thighs together and decides she'll just have to put up with it.

Ten minutes later and Julia can't put up with it. She's shifting her weight from foot to foot in her boots, rubbing her thighs together and grabbing occasionally at her crotch. She can barely aim her rifle at this point. But nonetheless she's determined not to go home empty handed, even if it means fighting against her bladder. Again.

Four coffees, 2 litres of water...Julia realises that she must have a bladder like a blimp. Then realises she's thinking about her bladder again, not even five minutes passing since the last time she told herself she wouldn't. Taking this into account, she must be holding in a whole load. And she is aching like crazy to let it go.

'Okay'. She says aloud. 'One animal, or one hour. Then you can go'

Her bladder begs her to reconsider, but Julia's word is final. And that means her blimp of a bladder better hold on. Still, how long can an hour really be?

Five minutes sure does feel like an hour when your bladder begins to feel rock solid. By now sitting down is too painful for Julia to do - she's stood up and swinging hips from side to side, kicking her feet up as she does. As a precaution, she's kicked her boots over to one side of the room.

'I guess I could pee a little bit' Julia whispers to herself. 'If i just let a little out into my shorts I'll feel better. Yeah, let's do that' she resolves. As she's about to relax her bladder though she sees something move outside.

A deer.

'Great!' she whispers. Once she takes the deer down, she can go home, and then she can can pee to her hearts content. She Forces her body still. She takes in a breath. She takes aim.

And then she hears a roar.

She freezes

The deer runs

A huge black creature wonders into views with a whole deer in its mouth. This is no ordinary mute-bear. This is Claymore.

It's 14 feet long, and has claws like anvils. It's skin is pitch black with deep grey scars - rumours say that this bastard of a creature has survived two barrels to the head, a landmine and breaking all of its legs. Julia has no way to quantify these rumours, but the muscular colossus in front of her is clearly not worth bothering. All she can do is not move and hope it goes away. Her instincts tell her that she should poop herself and run, but thinking it through Julia realises that this is not a good idea at all. The only thing she can do is wait. Her bladder however cannot. Not for much longer.

Claymore sits down on the floor with his catch. At least one hunter today has had some luck. His glassy eyes haven't seen Julia in her cabin, or if they have then he doesn't seem to care. With one bite, Claymore tears off one of the deers legs. A dull crunch as the deer's leg bones crack like glass under Claymore's bear-trap of a jaw. Looking toward the deer, Julia notices that the deer is an adult buck. She doesn't fancy her chances with Claymore at all.

Claymore sits still for a good 10 minutes chewing at the deer, before it slumps down onto its side. Julia's bladder on the other hand is no mood to rest - she can feel it pressing out against the waist of her shorts. Glancing down she can see herself bulging a little. By now both hands are clenching herself shut. Her bladder screams for relief. She can feel the rock-hard ball against her wrists as they press against it - she has to leave the cabin now or she'll flood it. And then Claymore will ruin it. Julia slides a food toward the door. Even the slightest release of pressure on her bladder causes it to scream for release and Julia would love nothing more than to just let go. Her bladder begs her to let itself squeeze, her legs beg to feel the hot stream pour down them. Even her shorts seem to beg to let themselves be soaked.

Her feet seem to hate every inch of the floor that doesn't have a hot yellow puddle over it. Still, Julia must leave. She slides her other foot to the door. And then the first again. And then the second. And then she slides the first into the door because she's not watching where she's going - her eyes are fixated on Claymore. Leaving her rifle leaning against the wall of the cabin, she uses one hand to feel for the door handle. The slight reduction in effort going to her bladder makes her body scream to explode where she stands. Her bladder tells her that whatever claymore could do won't be as bad as this. However, she knows it's lying, and she keeps going. She fumbles at the handle, and pushes the door open. She lifts one foot up to leave...

Fst.

A gentle spurt. But a hot spurt. A spurt that begs to be followed by more. Straight into Julia's hands. Feeling the heat her whole body begs her to release, and she has to put every drop of effort into not doing so. She forces her legs to move again, and as it does so another spurt makes its way out.

She wouldn't have let enough out to make a mark on her shorts if not for her hands - but because of her hands she has a coin-sized dark spot between her thighs. But she must keep moving. Claymore is a known man-killer, and a teenage girl like Julia would be nothing to him. So to stay alive she must move. But to stay dry she cannot.

Julia decides being alive is more important. She shuffles her leg forward. This time she keeps dry. And then the other leg. Dry. She's out the door. She leans in, putting more pressure on her bladder, and pulls at the door. The door comes over and clatters gently shut. A sharp exhalation from Claymore tells Julia that he might have hear her, and that she needs to move quickly.

Foot after foot, Julia shuffles like she's never shuffled before. And her bladder aches like it's never ached before. After 5 minutes she's almost 100 yards from the cabin. Now sound isn't an issue - Claymore won't hear her. On the other hand, moving is an issue. Julia's bladder won't take anymore. Nor will her legs. Nor will her feet. She tries to drag her left leg forward, but it stays rooted down. Her right leg is the same. Nothing. She squeezes on her bladder. She's left her shoes and rifle behind, the least she can do is get home dry.

If she can get home. And her legs won't let her. And her bladder tells her why.

It's full.

100%

No more stretching.

No more time.

It's full.

And now it's time to empty.

Julia's body begins to freeze in place, hands glued to her crotch.

And then her whole body tenses. Her torso, her legs, her fingers.

Her bladder.

Sqstt.

A gentle squirt as some liquid hits her thighs. Julia has time to breath in.

She tenses again.

Sqsssstt

A little more this time

A drip or two escape her fingers

And she tenses again

SkSSSSSssst

A powerful spurt of liquid is pressed against her hands. Yellow drops fall from between her fingers

'Hahhh'

Julia can only wheeze as her body refuses to move

'Give up' her body tells her. And she knows there's no other choice.

But she doesn't

She tenses again

SphSSSHHHHT!

A stronger spurt, and a line of drops patter against her bare feet.

Digging her toes into the dirt, Julia tries her best to hold in her full capacity as her bladder insists on releasing bit by bit until she gives up. She tenses again

SSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHT

A massive spurt that sends a stream down her thighs and leaves a stain around her shorts. Julia's knees are weak, she can barely stand up

Eyes tight shut, her hands in fists in her crotch, and digging her toes into the dirt, another wave hits Julia and her whole body jerks as she tenses

WSSHSHSSSSSHHHHHHT

'Hahh!

She falls to her knees, sat on her heels. The soles of her feet glisten as the sun bounces of the wet skin.

She Shudders again as another wave hits

WSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHT

'Heep!'

Then Julia notices something new. A pleasant throbbing around her crotch. Her breathing is shallow and rapid, and her chest is tight. She's become hypersenstive. She's beginning to-

Another shudder

WSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHH---

'HAAaa!'

By now her shorts are notably wet. Piss drips from her thighs. And Julia wants more than anything to just let go.

So she does

FSHSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

Hot piss bursts out of Julia as she opens the floodgates. It spatters against her shorts and pools in the seat, before falling through the fabric and cascading onto the floor. Where she's so sensitive, she can feel every drop as it shoots out of her and splatters down her thighs.

Her face flushes bright red as pale yellow liquid coats her skin. Her breathing becomes more shallow and more rapid, and without realising she begins to moan, as the liquid jetting through her lips brings her closer and closer to the brink

'haa, huuh, huuh...'

The world seems to fade white. The only things left are Julia and her bladder. She clamps one hand to her breast as piss continues streaming out of her

'Hahh, hahh, hahh'

Her stream pounds down her shorts and flows down the legs and against her own. The grass and dirt soak up what they can, and Julia is kneeling in a puddle of hot mud within seconds. Sliding in between her feet and planting herself on the floor, Julia jams one hand against her throbbing pussy as how piss thrusts out of it

'haa! haa!'

She presses against it's flow

'hAA!!'

She presses on her bladder and the stream becomes a torrent

'HHAAAAAAAAA!!'

Her body begins to tense up rhythmically, she feels like she's on fire. There's nothing in the world but her. Julia climaxes in a way she's never felt before, squealing as she does, falling onto her back and her whole body pulsing, gripping herself through her shorts as piss continues to jet out of her, now hitting her shorts and rolling down her back.

She falls onto her back and begins to pant as she catches her breath, still peeing into her shorts.

Mud is splattered all down her legs and up her shirt. Mud and piss coat her feet. She lets her legs straighten out and lies still as she lets her bladder empty itself calmly. As she lies down, she closes her eyes and can't help but giggle as she feels the hot stream pour down her backside and pool around her. Completely exhausted by this ordeal, she lies in her puddle, panting and sweating with a huge grin. As the last of her pee trickles down, Julia sits up. Drops of piss fall from her shirt, and wet strands of hair cling to her neck. She looks at herself and giggles. She falls back onto her back and drifts off to sleep...

Julia is awoken by a wet slap to the face. A hot, wet slap. She opens her eyes, to see two black, glassy eyes staring back at her. Black glassy eyes set deep in a black, hairless animal's face. Claymore.

At first her bladder spasms again, and Julia squirts another drop of piss into her shorts. It takes her all her effort not to scream. But Claymore doesn't seem to notice. Using his nose he pushes gently at Julia, who climbs to her feet, trying hard not to slide in the mud. Claymore just watches her. She puts out a hand to touch him, and he rubs his head into her hand like a cat, before he turns around and leaves.

Julia can't help but feel a little disappointed.

She heads back to her cabin, collects her stuff, and begins the journey home. How on earth will she explain the mess she's in?

Not like it matters really, she can makes something up...

Big thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did ;)

Any feed back is more than appreciated - what did I do well, what can I do better?

