Home for the Summer

Author: dudelobowski

*000*2019-06-27 16:45

I’d had a crush on Alice for years, she lived next door to me growing up and was one year above me in school. We hung out a bit outside school and during the summers but never really got super close.

Years passed and I kind of forgot about her, but when I was 21 and coming home from junior year of college for the summer, and she had just graduated, we had a chance encounter at the grocery store.

We talked for a bit and I found out she’d moved out of her parents and gotten a job in a law firm downtown, I had an internship at a software company a few blocks away. We decided to grab coffee and catch up that Friday.

She had something come up so we switched it to drinks after work and while we were talking I realized how much I was still into her, and I was getting some signals back as well.

I noticed she had a subtle sweet smell that I assumed was her perfume, it seemed familiar though. After awhile, she invited me back to her place for dinner (I was bragging about how good I was at making spaghetti and she wanted to take me up on the challenge).

When we made it to her apartment, the first thing I noticed was a faint smell in the place that seemed familiar, sort of like her perfume but stronger. I thought nothing of it and she told me I could put my stuff down over by the couch. Alice went into her bedroom to drop off her stuff ad I heard her open a window too.

Alice’s couch looked like it was a goodwill affair, out of date cloth patterns, some stains on the cushions, you know. Actually, there were an awful lot of circular water stains on the seat cushions, and the couch seemed to smell even more like the apartment. I went to sit in the middle but found it was slightly damp, so I sat off to one side.

I asked Alice about it when she came out and she turned kind of red but said that she’d spilled something on it this morning before work and thought it would be dry by now.

She asked if I wanted a drink and I said yes, so she poured me a gin and tonic, and one for herself too. During the cooking and eating of dinner, which was pretty late (around 9pm) we had a few drinks and were relatively tipsy . I offered to clean up but she refused, saying that “We can get that later”, took my hand and led me into her bedroom. The smell was stronger in here but the window was open and I was kind of drunk so I really didn’t put any thought into it.

Alice told me that she was looking for a casual fling for the summer, and that I’d gotten a lot cuter since we were growing up, I responded in kind and we started making out on her bed.

“Are you gonna leave my shirt on all night or do you need an engraved invitation?” she asked me while fumbling with my belt, and I very happily relieved her of the garment!

I started taking her pants off but she stopped me and did it herself, saying I was too slow, and jumped into bed waiting for me.

After some great sex we were laying there together in an alcohol and hormone induced stupor when Alice started up a conversation I’ll never forget.

“So, what are you into sex-wise? That was great but do you have any kinks?”

Not sure how open I wanted to be, I replied of course, but since she started asking, she’s got to tell me one of hers first.

“That’s not how this works!” she giggled, and rolled on top of me – mock pinning me down. “Really, what do you like?”

“Well, I like spanking and ‘naughty girl’ play” I replied, thinking that was a safe starting spot.

“Is that all? Nothing a little more, I don’t know, unusual?” Alice asked?

Now some guys could have thought of a good lie on the spot, but I was like a deer in the headlights and there was only one on my mind…

“Well, it is a bit more unusual, but you can’t get weird on me cause you asked!” I prefaced, “I do like when those naughty girls I spank have wet themselves, especially after I’ve made them hold their pee for a long time.”

“Your turn…”

Alice started laughing and fell off me to the side in her bed cackling. “Hey! You asked if I was into anything unusual and I told you! No need to rub in how odd it is.”

“No you don’t understand” Alice said, “I’m complete omo trash! I wet myself all the time, it’s my biggest kink! That seat cushion was wet cause I pissed myself watching TV last night, hell I bet these sheets have little dried spots all over them if you looked closely.”

Finally it all clicked for me. That faint smell I’d had since meeting Alice, was dried piss! I was instantly hard, and she noticed right away.

“You know how I didn’t let you take off my pants?” She said in a sultry voice, “It was because I had been wetting my panties all day and pulling them back up under my pants – I didn’t want you noticing.”

I leaned over the side of the bed to grab her pants and the underwear caught up in them and sure enough, saw tide marks in her damp panties from all her “Accidents”.

“OMG that Is so fucking sexy. Looks like someone’s been a naughty girl all day, I think you deserve a little punishment for not using the appropriate place for the bathroom…”

Alice looked at me with big doe eyes and said, clearly egging me on, “But going in my big girl panties is so much more fun than the toilet.”

“Well I’ll tell you what, since you didn’t know it wasn’t okay before now, your punishment is just 3 spanks for every time you wet your panties today. How many times was that?”

“You’re going to think I’m so gross” she giggled, “it’s six times!”

“Six? You must have really had to go, huh?” I said as I grabbed her arm and pulled her over my lap. “You’d better count for me or I’ll have to start over!”

18 spanks later, Alice’s butt was bright red and she was ready to go again, pushing me onto my back and sliding on to me easily and we had the best round 2 of sex I’d ever had until that point. As we laid in bed afterwards I reflected on my good fortune.

This summer was looking like it would be a lot more fun than I thought.

*004*2019-06-30 17:25

Thank you all for your comments! I got another burst of inspiration and wrote this next chapter which has a lot more action in it!

*Laundry Day*

Over the last couple weeks Alice and I had been hanging out and grabbing lunch fairly often, I’d even stayed at her house the whole last weekend. Today was Saturday and she had a soccer game at 10 so she got up before me and let me stay behind.

Alice asked me to do some laundry for her as we’d both wet ourselves the night before and there was a smell that was starting to get bad – neither of us wanted that at all. “I’m also getting low on underwear” she muttered, “I seem to have a problem making it to the bathroom.” Understatement of the century.

As I was loading her washer around 11, I was creeping through her clothes and peeking at all her underwear. It seemed that every pair had been wet at least once, most of them had 2-3 high water marks on them, including the pair she wore to work yesterday.

When I first met Alice for drinks, I’d noticed the faint smell of dried piss but hadn’t recognized it – I wondered how she could do that at work without anyone noticing. Most of her work pants were black, so if she had a damp patch between her legs it wasn’t visible, but it still would smell after awhile.

I kept out a particularly stained pair (I counted 7 marks) of pink and white striped cheeky panties for ‘safekeeping’ and started the rest. I had an idea for a kinky game that I wanted to play.

Alice came home a couple hours later, having won her rec game. As I embraced her I felt her butt and sure enough, it felt like she’d wet herself, but the black and white athletic shorts she was wearing showed no sign of it. I asked her about it and she said she’d done it on the sidelines during the game after she’d subbed out with another player. She just pretended to tie her shoe and let out little spurts over the course of the last 5-10 minutes of the game. “It was really warm and nice, great way to relax after my part of the game” she said.

I asked to see her underwear and she pulled the leg of her shorts to the side, clearly showing where the dark purple of her pissed underwear turned back to the light color of dry fabric.

“There’s a lot of the girls on my team who do it too, we’re too far from the park bathrooms and it’s way easier and more fun to just stay on the sidelines. Celeste does it with me the most often.” I packed that one away for later, maybe Celeste was someone I wanted to meet with Alice, could be fun.

I told her to go shower and that I had a fun idea for a game to play today – which caught her attention right away. “What game?” she asked.

“Go shower and come back, I’ll tell you then!” I insisted

Once out of the shower she came back to her room in just a towel where I was on the bed playing with my phone.

“So what was this game you were talking about?”

I pulled the really stained panties out from behind my back and Alice immediately blushed.

“I was wondering if you could tell me the story that goes with these…”

“You were going through my laundry!” Accused Alice.

“Of course I was, but you’re dodging the question! I’d like you to wear them today though, since you’re already off to such a great start, these panties are your potty again today.” I stood, holding the underwear out to her expectantly, a mischevious smile on my face.

Alice Sighed, seeming to realize that I wouldn’t relent on this issue. She took them from me and slipped them on, dropping her towel and started putting on a bra and shirt.

“Well I wore those to work actually, I was wearing a kind of flowy circle skirt with a really cute top, but when I got to the office, I remembered that the lawyers had an event they’d be at all day, leaving me to deal with all the random stuff around the office.”

“I got really bored and decided that I was going play a game I made up in class back at school actually. I’d leak in my panties every time that one of their desks had a call come through, or reception transferred me a call. Back at school it was every time I heard someone’s phone buzz on their desk or in their pocket. I had a couple close calls.” She said this last part with a giggle, I’d definitely have to dig deeper there.

“So I hiked up my skirt so it wouldn’t get wet, and sat on my computer chair. I was going to finish my coffee and have a drink every 2 hours afterwards to keep it interesting.”

“It only took about 30 minutes for the first call to come through, It was for Allen, so I didn’t pick it up but I let myself dribble for as long as it rang. It’s a good thing nobody else was there, cause I could hear the low hiss of me pissing myself and the dripping onto the floor below me very clearly.”

“I finished my coffee about then, and decided to get a glass of water earlier than I planned. The next two calls were transfers and didn’t ring as long, but the jet of piss hitting my panties was just as loud. I was getting kind of desperate and there was a lot of force behind the wetting.”

“There were 2 hours of nothing till lunch, but my underwear were getting cold so I’d let out a small spurt every once in awhile to ease off the pressure and warm up.” Alice looked me straight in the eye when she said this, and I heard a dripping sound start. I looked down and saw a new wet spot start to form between her legs.

She pissed herself for about five seconds and stopped, looked down and inspected the damage with a wry grin. “About like that” she said, “Not enough to fully piss myself at my desk, but plenty enough to keep warm.” As she said this she used her foot to drag the towel she’d dropped on the floor over the wet spot and dried it up and winked at me.

“Now I hadn’t had a full pee all day yet, I’d let off a lot of pressure, but I really had to go. I made myself wait till lunch though so I could go grab some food and eat it in the park nearby. Once I finally got to a spot on the grass I was absolutely bursting, so I pulled my skirt out of the way again and inspected the damage.”

“There was already a pretty big yellow spot, but I finally let go and my wet patch got a lot bigger while I watched, I actually could hear it over the noises of the outside! I thought about recording it and sending it your way but I didn’t. By the time I’d finished, I’d wet for almost a full minute and felt much better.”

“I ate my lunch, read for a bit and headed back to the office – nobody the wiser.”

“There were still some more calls that afternoon but Doug had made it back to the office so it made it hard to fully let go. I still wet when the calls came through but it was just more small spurts. And then it was time to head home!”

“Oh my god,” I said after a beat, “That was the hottest story I’ve ever heard in my life! Why can’t I work with you, it would be a constant game of hide and seek the evidence”

“Well, you do get to peek at my laundry!” Retorted Alice. “I’m so glad I have hardwood floors, cause I’d have ruined all my carpet already.”

“You certainly ruined that couch” I replied. “When I got here the first time I thought you’d just gotten an acute case of goodwill-couch! Now I know better…”

“How else was I going to finish my movies without potty breaks?” As she was saying this, Alice was looking through her closet and turned around triumphantly holding a dark blue skirt. “This is the same skirt I had on with these before.”

I inspected it from afar and could find no stains or signs that it had ever been wet. “You did a good job on damage control there babe, I can’t believe you didn’t wash it with the batch of clothes today though.”

Alice pulled on the skirt and shrugged “I didn’t get it dirty, simple!”

We were getting hungry so walked into the kitchen – as I was making us sandwiches I noticed Alice was getting fidgety. “Everything alright?” I asked.

“I need to poootty” she said, stretching it out to make it obvious she wanted me to do something about it.

“You’re wearing your potty panties for the day Alice, come here.” She got a bit closer and I reached down and tucked the front of her skirt into the top of her striped panties so that the front of them was on full display, new wet spot on top of older yellow ones. It was quite a sight.

“You’re not taking these off until bed, so I suggest you use them, It’s not like it’s a chore for you,” I said with a wink.

Alice gave an exaggerated huffy sigh and squatted right there “Okay” she said, beaming up at me as the angry hiss of her pee hitting her underwear.

I watched the whole time, slowly getting harder as the “Pssssssshhhhhhh” got louder. When her wetting started to taper off after abut 30 seconds she began rubbing herself and half closed her eyes. I let it go on for a little but eventually broke in with “Alice, your sandwich is ready. Stop that and wash your hands for lunch.” She pouted at me a bit but did as I asked, skirt still tucked into her panties.

I handed her a big glass of water and told her that she should drink 3 of them before the end of the hour. She downed it in one go, smirking at me as she refilled it.

We both skirted the edge of the puddle and walked to the table. She plopped down and started eating right away, I put down my plate and glass and went to go get the towel she used earlier to mop up her leak in the bedroom.

After soaking up most of it and washing my hands, I ate my sandwich and we talked about her game, as well as what we wanted to do for the rest of the day. At one point I heard a faint “Psshhht” and gave her a questioning look. She returned it with a giggle “It was only a little bit”

“You love leaking everywhere don’t you?” I asked.

“You love it when I leak everywhere, don’t you?” Alice retorted. Then gulped down the rest of her last glass of water and stood up, walking around the table to me, eyes burning with lust. I scooted back a bit to stand up but she pushed my chest back down into the chair and grabbed me through my pants. Her wet panties were still on full display right at eye level, skirt tucked into them. The crotch was heavily yellowed, and the whole front was covered in tide marks, a single drip snaking its way down her thigh.

"You really love it don't you?" she said in a low voice, following my stare to its destination. I was instantly hard again and straining up towards her hand. "Say it", Alice asked.

"Fuck I love it, you're so sexy" I moved my hand to the inside of her leg and stroked her through the wet cloth, feeling her grind down onto my hand to apply pressure. I heard Alice sigh and my hand got wet with a fresh jet of pee, "I had to do that" She said breathlessly, the flush in her cheeks now evident.

Alice got tired of waiting after a while and pulled my pants out of the way, my swollen member springing to attention.

"Since you said I can't take these off, I guess I'll just have to figure it out with them on." Alice slid her panties to the side and slid onto me where we had amazing sex next to the dining room table.

"Oh I needed that," she said, "So did I" I replied.

