Airplane Humiliation Femdom

Author: dingdongbobbui

*000*2025-02-09 20:21

My parents, friends, and pretty much everyone I knew always judged me for traveling solo, especially at such a young age, but the independence of being in college, and traveling so far is unmatched. Air travel was always a pleasant thrill for me. I loved getting to the airport early, exploring overpriced shops, having an overpriced drink, and people watching all together.

Sure, there were frustrating parts of travel too. I didn't like carrying a lot of stuff with me, so I typically checked bags and only carried a backpack with me. Sometimes the airport would be too cold for me, but I didn't like having to carry layers either, especially if I was heading to a warmer environment. Because of this, I typically compromised by wearing a tank top and a light button-down on top. I always enjoyed how some people dressed up nice for air travel, and so I also liked to wear nice dress pants as well.

Sometimes, if I needed the extra pockets, I would opt for cargo pants instead. This trip however, I wore a pair of mid-gray dress pants, which coincidentally matched the tank top too. I like to think when I was getting 'people watched' by others, they'd see me as some blonde-headed professional who was showing off their fitness by casually letting their button-down open up to show off a nice, chest. Of course, I was still wearing a tank top under it, but I always enjoyed others thinking about my looks. I like the attention, what can I say?

I didn't like how overpriced everything was, but since it was travel, I never missed a chance to have a drink at the bars while waiting for flights. Since it I was heading back to college for yet another semester, I figured a final glass of chardonnay would be a modest treat. Overpriced? Absolutely. Looking at the time while finishing the drink, I typically attempt to give myself a chance to use the restroom before hopping in line to board, but today, I figured I would stop being a wuss and just use the bathroom on the airplane if I needed to. It was a long, five hour flight - I was going to have to use the bathroom up there regardless, right?

When it was time to board, I realized just how packed this flight was - more than typical, for whatever reason. Guiding me to my seat first was a young attendant, though probably 10 years older than me. Her hair was dark, and a tanned skin and shape had me look away, nervous my stare would give away how attractive I found her. Being professional, she nodded at me, welcoming aboard and guiding me down the line to seats, where I placed myself promptly in my own.

Despite being pretty full, I was lucky to have an aisle seat, at the very back of the plane, right in front of the bathroom. Next to me, an older couple, seemed pretty ready to fall asleep on the plane, while I had gotten out my headphones and the book I was reading. And with five hours to go, the engine throttled, the airplane roared into the sky, and tensions relaxed as people settled into the calmness of the sky.

The first hour went by rather quickly. I had taken my button-down off completely, feeling more relaxed and comfortable as I had listened to my music while reading. Eventually, the cart had passed by me, heading to the front of the plane, with the dark-haired attendant passing by as well. I couldn't help myself but watch as she walked past, letting myself get turned on by the view from behind. I felt a tingle and slight urge to move my hand slowly down my thigh, feeling the blood rush to me underneath.

I forgot I was in public. I quickly moved my hand over my pants to hide from others that I had gotten erect, and began to calm myself in hopes of dismantling the tent I had set up. Thankfully, the old couple had already fallen asleep. I liked the idea of being looked at in public - but on a plane for five hours, I couldn't help but wonder if I needed to quickly get rid of the urge before it consumed my flight. The bathroom was right behind me after all. Maybe not the nicest etiquette but if I could quickly rub one out, would it really hurt anyone?

I kept juggling the options in my head. I didn't like the idea of using an airplane bathroom, especially for masturbating. Yet, my indecisiveness only led me to fantasizing more and more, especially as I saw the cart slowly roll closer to me, with the source of the erection only coming closer. I kept think about all the fantasies with her in my head, when ultimately I realized I was running out of time to make a decision before she would come up and ask me what drink I wanted, only to look down at me and a impossible to hide boner poking through.

Unbuckled, I rose slowly, trying to prevent the traction of my pants make me hornier than I already was. Being close to the bathroom already, I struggled with the door briefly before opening the folded door and closing it back up. I was in a public, single stall restroom. I had quite a limited amount of time - and space. Quickly I unbuttoned and unzipped, letting my pants fall to my ankles, revealing my pair of white, boxer briefs. Sometimes I wondered if they were too tight of a pair for me, as they only went an inch or two below my butt. I found myself pulling the front down to release my cock to the open air, and immediately starting jerking with the attendant in my head.

In all truth, it felt wonderful. There's a thrill to committing to an act like that, even when you think the door is locked. Whether I was too horny to properly lock the door, or the door itself was broken, I'll never know. But my heartbeat skipped when the beautiful attendant had checked to see if someone was in the bathroom. When she opened, she had certainly seen me in my underwear, though only from behind as she saw me motion in full speed to pull the boxer briefs up to cover my cock, turning around to see who it was. Flustered, the attendant's eyes wandered down to look at my exposed legs, precum-stained underwear covering my cock. I blurted out a quick sorry, as did the attendant as she quickly shut the door. Silence filled the air for a strong moment, both of us grasping each other's reaction. I had exposed myself to the very woman I had been fantasizing on - and to her, she had just walked in on a young college kid jerking off in an airplane.

She walked away, likely back to the cart, after the silence subdued for both of us. At this point, I had no need to jerk anymore, as sheer humiliation was enough for me to soften up, pull my pants back up to my waist, and rush back to my seat. I looked forward for a few minutes, unsure how to think about it all - Did that really just happen? And what made it even more agonizing was the moment the cart rolled up, and she looked down, asking if I had wanted anything to drink.

Playing it cool, as if nothing had happened, I asked for a soda as I avoided eye contact. She smiled back at me, once again apologizing for the incident earlier. I nodded my head. As she passed down my drink, I felt her lay her hand on my shoulder, as if to comfort me. I felt more embarrassed than comforted, and began drinking.

The flight continued on, and I began distracting myself as much as I could with music and reading. Every time I thought about the situation, I felt blood running back down to my crotch, as if I found myself turned on by it all. How could I find it so hot? I had exposed myself on complete accident to the attendant. What made this feeling worse was the urge to pee too - but at that point, I was convinced I was never going to use an airplane bathroom again for anything.

For better or worse, the urge to jerk went away as the flight continued, and we were close to landing. But within the last hour and a half, the urge to use the bathroom only sharpened. Even if it was to pee, I didn't want to get up. The last thing I needed was for the attendant to see me go in, and assume I decided to "finish the job" like a total creep. I'll just wait, I thought to myself. I'm an independent adult - not some potty dancing child.

Or so, I thought. I ended up finishing my book, and upon closing it, I saw myself calmly holding my crotch with crossed legs, shaking them. I desperately had to pee now. I took a peek back to see the flight attendant in the back speaking to other attendants, when she turned around and looked back at me. Frantic, I turned back around and looked down at my pants. Holding would be a challenge, but it was not worth embarressing myself anymore. I didn't need to be indecisive much longer regardless, as we entered the landing phase of the flight, and we were forced to stay seated.

The next thirty minutes was rough. I had to rock myself back and forth, and my legs were locked completely together. Time kept moving, and the plane landed at last, though roughly, forcing me to grab my crotch and close my eyes. Upon opening them, I looked to the front of the plane in reminder that holding was far from over - I was in the very back of the plane. So I kept seated, as the people in front of me took their casual time to grab luggage from above and slowly exit the plane one by one. When it was my turn to get up, I slowly rose, in fear of my bladder actually giving out, only to be asked kindly by the older couple to go ahead of me to grab their luggage. I couldn't answer at first - holding myself had reached a level of focus that everything around me was hard to process. Tapping my foot and shaking, I let them through. As they passed by me and I remained still to let them go, It had hit me - I was on the verge of wetting myself.

I wasn't going to make it to the airport restroom for at least another 10 minutes, based on how far the line was going. I looked behind me to look at the airplane bathroom, as it was the only way, I thought, to avoid peeing myself. Yet, I didn't see the bathroom, but the red lips of the attendant who had caught me in there hours ago.

"Is everything okay, sweetie?" She said to me in a concerned, friendly manner, but her smile and gaze from up and down my body had made it clear to me that she was fully aware of what a potty dance had looked like.

This could not be any worse. I either had to ask her to use the bathroom, or to have her watch me pee myself from behind.

I shook my head, telling her I was okay. She nodded back, and I turned around to follow the slow moving line forward. Only a minute later, after a sensation to explode had rocked my bladder, I had to let the line in front escape me for a moment as I squeezed myself harder than I had before - only to ultimately lose the fight, letting a squirt of urine dampen the tight boxer briefs already stained with drops of pre cum. I froze. Looking down, I didn't see a stain on my pants just yet. But every single step, no - every single action was going to risk more and more leaks until I wet uncontrollably.

I turned around, holding my crotch towards the attendant, surprisingly enthused with the view of me squirming.

"Is there any chance I can quickly run in to the plane bathroom please"

"Well" the attendant looked at me cutely "Can you wait for the airport bathroom by any chance?"

I felt a stronger spurt of urine come out before I could respond. "I don't think so, please..."

I don't know what was going on in the attendant's brain. However, as she stood in front of me thinking, I think I realized she had found the whole situation somewhat appealing - maybe even a turn on, as she had already seen me fully erect. Now, she stood before me at her mercy to use a toilet.

"Sorry, we don't use the airplane toilet unless it's in operating" She replied. "I wish there was more I could do, sweetie. Do your best."

I nodded my head as I turned back around. There was still plenty of time before I escaped the plane. Every few steps, I felt an uncontrollable burst of pee come out from me. After the fourth one, I looked down to see I was holding in vain. A visible wet stain had grown to a size of a tennis ball in front. I reached over to my back to realize I had peed so much, it was surely visible to the attendant, who was watching me slowly wet from behind.

I had already peed myself and had an accident at this point. I hated the feeling of holding, and my body couldn't hold back any more. I moaned and whimpered as I felt a long gush of pee come out of me against my will, turning into a stream running between my legs. I couldn't do it anymore.

"I'm really sorry" I turned back around to her. "I can't make it, please can I just use that toilet, I promise it - "

She looked at me as I froze, where I closed my eyes and grumpled as I failed to hold another leak back. The leak had dribbled to the floor of the plane, staining the carpet.

"Oh, baby..." The attendant looked at me, though smiling through it, infatuated with my humiliated, weakened state. Follow me, let's be quick okay?"

She grabbed my hand and promptly rushed me to the back of the plane again. The rush became a run as I leaked a little more and more, until we opened the door of the bathroom and she guided me in. Instinctively, I pulled my piss-stained pants down and let the stream loose into the toilet, even before taking off my underwear completely, wetting it some more before finishing in the toilet.

I took a few heavy breaths as I looked down at myself, covered in piss. I covered my soft dick with the boxer briefs as I turned around, realizing the attendant was staring at me the entire time. She covered her face as her eyes wandered from my wet bottom end of my tank top, to the yellow-white, small bulge in my underwear, to the shine of legs wet with urine, to the floor, where It was abundantly clear I may have finished in the toilet - but I had fully wet myself in the process.

"Don't worry, it's just me and you in the plane. I told them there was an issue with a flyer, and I would be out with you when you were ready." She looked down the airplane, confirming her statement to herself before I attempted to cover myself up.

I was speechless. After exposing myself to her twice, once with a full erection, and then once again after humiliating myself like a toddler in front of her, the attendant seemed completely infatuated with me. "You've had quite a flight" she giggled. "We keep some spare attendant clothes in the back. Would you like some help changing?"

I nodded, unsure what she meant by helping me change, outside some new clothes. She grabbed them, came back to the bathroom and touched my chest gently. Then, I became sure of it - I wasn't the only one fantasizing.

"What an accident you had, boy" she spoke in a condescending, motherly tone. "You don't know how to use a bathroom?"

"I do... I couldn't make it. I feel so pathetic and - " Before I could finish, she interrupted me. "You think it's okay to play with yourself in the bathroom, but you pee your undies like this?"

The attendant than pulled the boxer briefs down, exposing my soft, yet slowly hardening cock. "How wet!" She commented. Slowly touching it till it grew to a full erection once more, I moaned as she began to jerk it back and forth, pushing me onto the toilet to sit. She then grabbed the underwear I had my accident in.

"If you think using the bathroom is for jerking off, then you might as well finish staining your undies a little more, baby". Her tone was stern, as she rubbed my cock faster and faster, reaching in for a kiss as she caressed my balls with the piss stain. I was speechless. We may have landed, but I was up in heaven.

When she saw me twitch before my orgasm, she covered my dick with my underwear, forcing me to release my cum in the same spot I had wet myself. After a heavy breath from both of us, I leaned in for one more kiss as she gripped my leg, only wanting more from me.

