The Bladder Test

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2020-08-15 11:50

I posted this story back in my blog in June 2016 and something came up in another thread about students at a test not being able to go to the bathroom and it made me think of this story so I thought I would post it here.

This is the experience that the story refers to. The story is very much dramatized and I think I made it more interesting in my account of it by adding details. I do remember that one of the questions on the final was about the Industrial Revolution, the essay portion, but at the time I probably didn't think to make the connection to bathrooms and the Einstein thing was just something I thought of while I was writing the story. So I made the whole thing more dramatic and exciting, because as a writer that is what I do, but it is based on a real experience and here is a reposting of what I originally posted in my blog.

"Another time we had a shorter social studies final. That one I think was only two hours or three hours. But the thing was that you could leave after a certain minimum amount of time. I was a really good student was able to finish it pretty quickly. I think that that social studies final or Regents or whatever that our teacher so played up turned out to be one of the easiest tests imaginable. Even the terrible students said that it was an easy test. So I was finished pretty quickly (I think I got like a 97 on it, not that I'm bragging or anything) but we were still not allowed to leave.

Unfortunately, and I don't know why, but that they had to pee so freaking bad! I don't know if it was just, I just really have no idea why. But I had to go BAD! Unfortunately I was bursting and we weren't allowed to leave for at least 45 min. So we just kind of had to sit there. So let me put this into perspective for you – I had nothing to do for the next 45 min. to distract me from my aching bladder. Finally we were allowed to leave and I pretty much bolted. Much to my horror all of the bathrooms were locked! But fortunately I was like one block away from my house (the school is literally down the street) so I pretty much ran home and man was it good to pee!"

Now here is the story, hope you enjoy!

The Bladder Test

I remember that it was the day of our social studies final, but I wasn't worried, social studies was one of the easiest subjects in the world. Of course this test counted for 25% of our grade, so it was no laughing matter. But I made sure to come prepared. I had my pens, pencils, and a big bottle of water to stay well hydrated because it was a super hot June day.

"Okay class we will now begin the first part of the test, the multiple-choice part," the instructor said as he came into the room.

That was when I noticed a tingle in my bladder, so I raised my hand.

"Yes," the teacher said as he pointed to me.

"Can I go to the bathroom before the test starts?"

"You should have gone before class."

"I will only be a minute, the bathroom is just down the hall."

"I am sorry but you will just have to wait."

Damn, why didn't I go to the bathroom before the test! Oh well, I wasn't quite desperate yet. Besides, this was social studies, one of the easiest subjects of all. The test might have been scheduled for three hours but I could probably finish in maybe an hour or so tops.

"Okay class you can now begin," the teacher said after he had finished handing out all of the test papers.

This will be a piece of cake I thought as I rapidly began doing the test. I breezed through the multiple-choice questions and time just seemed to fly by. For all the hype that they put up about this test it was one of the easiest tests I had ever taken. I can't believe that for the last month of school all the teacher talked about was how extremely difficult this test was and how he thought we were all going to fail.

By the time I had finished the multiple-choice questions I was feeling more confident, but I was also feeling an increasing tightness in my bladder that was growing harder and harder to ignore. No matter, I thought to myself, on to the essay portion of the test.

The essay portion of the test was about the Industrial Revolution. That made me think to myself whether they had indoor plumbing during the Industrial Revolution. Just where did people go to pee a century or two ago? How often did people in those factories get a pee break? These are questions that you never see addressed in history class, I wonder why not, I know that is something that I would like to know.

No matter I would just breeze through this essay and then I would be on my way to the bathroom and to blessed blessed relief! The essay was easy and I think I breezed through it faster than I even thought possible, but then I was highly motivated by an achingly full bladder.

"I'm finished," I said as I handed my test to the teacher. "Can I go now?"

"That was awfully fast, are you sure you don't want to double check everything?" he said as he took the test paper from me.

"I already did, it was a very easy test."

"I'm afraid that everyone has to stay for a minimum of two hours."

"What?" I asked in disbelief.

"The state has mandated that everyone has to stay at least two hours regardless of how long they take on the test. You still have another 45 minutes before I can let you leave."

My heart sunk. "Can I at least go to the bathroom?"

The teacher shook his head. "I am sorry but nobody is allowed to leave the classroom until the two hours is up."

I felt like pleading with the teacher but I could see that it was hopeless, so with resignation I went back to my desk and sat down. By now my urge to pee was completely impossible to ignore and getting up to hand my exam to the teacher certainly didn't help. But it was only 45 minutes, that time should pass pretty quickly. I just needed to distract myself and take my mind off of it.

I looked at the pens and pencils sitting on my desk and the bottle of water and then I looked at the clock slowly ticking away second by second. I had absolutely nothing to distract myself!

As discreetly as possible I crossed my legs under my desk and tried to lean back in a way that was comfortable and would take the pressure off of my bladder. I managed to get myself in a semi-comfortable position but I still couldn't ignore the full feeling in my bladder.

I began to play with my hair, twirling it in my fingers and chewing on it a little bit, as I often do when I am nervous. I then took my pen and began chewing on it, another nervous habit of mine. The pen didn't taste very good in my mouth and that made me thirsty. I knew that I shouldn't drink anymore considering I already had to pee extremely bad, but I was so thirsty I couldn't resist so I gulped down some water, which was refreshing, but certainly wasn't helping my bladder situation.

I looked at the clock again to see that I still had a good 40 minutes to wait before I could finally relieve myself, so I had to distract myself. I started slowly shaking my leg, yet another nervous habit, in hopes that it would take some more pressure off, but it didn't really help very much, so I just crossed my legs more tightly and tried to resist the urge to grab myself.

I decided to put my head down on the desk and thought that maybe I could go to sleep. No, of course I couldn't go to sleep, not at an uncomfortable desk with a painfully full bladder. In a short time I was back up and I still had a good 35 minutes left before I could leave. Time seems to move in direct proportion to the contents of your bladder. The fuller your bladder is, the slower that time goes. I think that Einstein had something to say about that, the bladder relativity theory or something like that.

I decided to look out the window thinking maybe that would help take my mind off of things. I could see a squirrel climbing up a tree and that was about it. Looking out the window was not a great distraction. And then it started raining, which really didn't help!

I tried to ignore the sound of the rain but it started to pour and I could hear the rain gently trickling down the side of the building and pounding against the window. That sound of constant rushing water was driving me absolutely frantic so I decided to look back at the clock. Still a half-hour, damn!

Next I started looking around the classroom, trying to distract myself by looking at all the geographical maps on the wall. I bet right now somewhere in the world millions of people were getting relief and weren't stuck waiting in a classroom to use the bathroom. What type of sadism motivates a person to keep people away from a bathroom when they desperately need it? I already finished the test so I was just sitting there doing absolutely nothing, this was unfair, it was inhumane! I could understand if I was still taking the test, but I had finished a long time ago, why did I have to wait here with all the others who are taking forever.

Surely I couldn't be the only one experiencing such bladder distress. I looked around and most of the other students were still working on the test, but then I saw Jenny, a very skinny little girl in our class, and it looked like her legs were jittering a mile a minute, and I could see her subtly crossing them, well maybe not very subtly. I then saw her hand moved between her legs to grab herself. She was definitely desperate all right!

I turned away from Jenny before briefly looking back. It was entertaining seeing her in a similar predicament to me, but the bad thing was that it wasn't particularly helping me to take my mind off of it! Still I couldn't help but glance over in her direction every couple of seconds. She was totally driving me crazy.

Finally Jenny raised her hand.

"Yes?" the teacher asked.

"Can I go to the bathroom?" Jenny asked clearly fidgeting in her seat.

"I don't know, can you?"

"I mean may I go to the bathroom?"

"I am sorry but nobody can leave until they have completed the exam and you have to be here for a minimum of two hours, which means you still have 25 minutes left to wait."

"But it's an emergency!"

"I am sorry, you will just have to hold it."

I have to admit seeing Jenny in a state of such despair kind of put a smile on my face. I wasn't in this alone, and as anyone can tell you when you're the only one who has to go to the bathroom it is that much worse. Maybe it is Schadenfreude, taking pleasure in the misery of others, which helps to take away from your own misery. But just knowing that Jenny wasn't getting to go to the bathroom either gave me a sense of satisfaction and I almost felt like I was in a battle of wills. You could easily hold better than Jenny and longer too, I told myself.

With 20 minutes left until we could finally leave I have to admit that I was getting really frantic. I had my legs crossed really tight, my hands grabbing myself as discreetly as possible and I was starting to rub my butt against the uncomfortable hard plastic seat, or whatever material the desk was made of. I was dying, but I couldn't stop drinking either because I was thirsty. And that rain, it just wouldn't stop!

I kept looking back at Jenny and each time I looked I could see she was getting more and more frantic. She started tapping her feet and it took every amount of willpower for me not to do the same. Then she started tapping her pencil on the desk and I could see every so often she was looking at the clock as well. Only 15 minutes to go, but every minute seemed like an hour. Once again Einstein's relativistic effect of time slowing down relative to the fullness of one's bladder.

Jenny raised her hand again.

"Yes?" the teacher asked.

"Can I please go to the bathroom, it is a real emergency!"

"You only have to wait another 10 minutes."

Jenny put her hand down and put it back between her legs. I have to admit that I couldn't take my eyes off of her, seeing her twisting like a pretzel in her chair, but damn it was driving me crazy. I had to pee so bad but I think that Jenny probably had to go even worse.

The final 10 minutes seemed to go agonizingly slow and I couldn't take my eyes off Jenny. But then finally the announcement came.

"If you are finished with your exam you can leave now," the teacher said. "Just make sure to bring your test up to the desk."

Before I could get up I saw Jenny practically bolted out the door after handing in her test. I followed shortly behind and ran down the hall to the nearest bathroom. I saw Jenny standing outside of the door pushing on it.

"What's wrong?" I asked her.

"It's not open!"

"What do you mean it's not open?"

"They locked it."

"Damn." I forgot that they often locked all the ladies room except the one down by the nurses office. I thought that I should be nice and tell Jenny that, but then I was kind of enjoying seeing her dancing in front of the door like that. But soon enough Jenny ran off, I assume to look for another bathroom.

I quickly went down the hall to the bathroom by the nurse but it was also locked. "No," I said as I pounded on the door. I had to pee so freaking bad at that point and walking around certainly wasn't helping. "Screw it," I said as I ran out of the building. My house was only a block away.

I ran home faster than I ever thought possible and started knocking on the door and then ringing the doorbell. "Come on, hurry up, I have to pee!" I shouted as I continued to ring the doorbell.

Finally my mom opened the door. "How was the test?" she asked.

"It was fine, I have to pee!" I said as I ran upstairs and into the bathroom.

Finally I jerked down my pants and my panties and sat my ass down on the toilet seat and let her rip. I must have peed forever and ever it seemed, my body trembling from the intensity of it. It was one of the most satisfying pees of my life and I had learned my lesson very firmly.

"I think I'll go get something to drink now," I said as I went to my refrigerator and got more water. What, I was home now, so I could pee whenever I wanted! And that was what I learned from social studies. True freedom isn't about fighting wars and building empires, it's about being able to go where you want when you want, and nobody can stop you.

