Angel's Extraordinary Bladder Capacity

Author: Dark-Rose77

*000*2024-01-15 16:56

Disclaimer: The name are pure coincidence and fictitious.

I'm a lurker in this site for a long time and it was my first time posting a story. English is my secondary language, I apologise if there are grammatical mistakes in the story below.

The structure of the story was created by an AI generator, but I modified almost 90% of the AI generated text to suit my preferred flow of the story.

The story begin here:

Once upon a time, in a small city nestled in the heart of the metropolis, there lived a slim college girl named Angel. She was a hardworking waitress at a local diner at night and an outstanding student in the morning, she was known for her cheerful smile and exceptional customer service. However, what set Angel apart from her peers was her incredible bladder capacity.

Angel's bladder was so large that she could go an entire day without needing to use the restroom, even after serving dozens of customers and free drinks from them at the diner. Her coworkers were amazed by her ability and often joked that she could hold an entire ocean inside her.

One day, while Angel was closing up the diner, she received a call from her groupmate. Her groupmate was in desperate need of assistance to accomplish their group project that was due the next day. The project was so fragile that it had to be handled with extreme care, and the they couldn't afford to redo their project if it was shattered by accident.

Angel saw this as an opportunity to put her bladder capacity to good use. She agreed to monitor their project at night, knowing that she could watch and guard it without any discomfort or inconvenience. Her groupmate were skeptical at first, but after knowing Angel's impressive bladder capacity, they agreed to let her take on the task.

Angel carefully monitored their project and set off a night watch. She walked, played games, eat snacks and drinks coffees for hours, monitoring the fragile project with ease. Her groupmates watched in amazement as time passed by, accomplishing what seemed like an impossible task.

As the morning approached, Angel felt a sudden urge to use the restroom. But she knew that she couldn't stop now. She gritted her teeth and continued monitoring, determined to complete her task.

Finally, it was morning, Angel looked at her groupmates, where she was greeted with applause and cheers from them. They thanked her for her dedication, and promised a free lunch for her soon.

Before they went to school, Angel decided to use the restroom at their dorm to relief herself. At that moment, her curiosity takes over her mind and she search their dorm to find a large receptacle to measure her pee which accumulated for the last 24 hours. She remembered while peeing, her last use of toilet was when she woke up yesterday morning at 8am.

A few minutes later to her amazement it measured 2 liters of warm pee. To her regret, she forgot to take a picture of herself with her pregnant like bladder bulge.

From that day onwards, Angel became a notable member of their team, known for her incredible bladder capacity and selfless acts of kindness. And as for Angel, she continues her studying while working at the diner, serving customers with a smile and carrying heavy loads with ease - all thanks to her extraordinary bladder capacity!

