Desperation Aura Interrogation

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2020-06-18 10:05

This is a bonus story that I thought of for a novel I am hoping to publish sometime in the near in the future called An Aura of Desperation, set in a world where all men have the ability to read women's auras to tell how desperate they are to pee, with their auras growing more brightly and darker colors the more they have to go to the bathroom. This story takes the form of women desperate to go to the bathroom at a rally against police brutality that makes it kind of topical. This involved police officers involving forcing a woman to get desperate so they can enjoy her glowing, which could be disturbing to some people I suppose, so I thought I should include that warning. But I hope that you enjoy this. As with all my stories I post here it can also be read at my blog https://desperatejill.livejournal.com/

Desperation Aura Interrogation

Karen was at the protest march protesting police brutality but it was a really hot day and she found herself drinking bottle after bottle of water. It didn't take long for all of that water to find its way to her bladder, which was starting to grow uncomfortably fuller by the moment.

"Hey I can see you are glowing, you must have to pee pretty bad!" her friend Russell said.

"You know that I am self-conscious about the fact that you can tell how badly I have to pee just by reading my aura!" Karen said as she crossed her legs.

Russell shook his head and laughed. "Hey I can't help it, you know that every guy can now see an aura around every woman when she has to go to the bathroom, and right now you are glowing bright green so you must be getting rather uncomfortable."

"Kind of, do you know where you there is a bathroom around here?" Karen asked.

Russell shook his head. "I just went and peed in the bushes when nobody was looking."

"It's times like these I do wish that I had a penis," Karen said as she crossed her legs more tightly. "I really really need a bathroom!"

"Well why don't you just go pee in the bushes and have a squat?"

"Well for one thing I'm not going to pee where everybody can see what I am doing, because I am self-conscious just knowing people know that I have to go to the bathroom, let along seeing me do it. And secondly there are lots of cops around who might arrest me. It figures that at a protest rally for protesting police brutality there are a lot of police here who are probably willing to get rather brutal."

Russell shook his head. "I'm sure they would probably just enjoy the show. I mean what cop hasn't had a bathroom emergency where they just had to pee on the side of the road?"

"But I'm guessing that the lady tops don't get to go as much as the guys do," Karen said as she hopped up and down in place. "Doesn't any place here have an open bathroom?"

Russell shook his head once again. "No, you know that they closed all of the places and the places that do have open bathrooms want you to buy something first, and then there is usually a long line and the toilets are less than appealing."

"Why did I drink so much water?!" Karen said as she shuffled her feet from side to side. "I think that I'm going to have to get to a bathroom soon or else I'm just going to have to go home."

"You're not going to leave now are you, the protest is just kicking into high gear. Don't you want to make a stand against police brutality?"

"Right now I just want to take a stand against the brutal pressure in my bladder!" Karen crossed her legs tightly and bent at the knees as she looked around and began shaking. "I have to go so bad."

"Yeah you're definitely in the orange, you are full-blown desperate right now!" Russell took a sip of his bottle of water. "Would you like something to drink?"

"Very funny smart guy!" Karen said as she gritted her teeth. She had to pee and she knew that she wasn't going to be able to wait that much longer.

"I could finish up this bottle and then maybe you could pee in the bottle and you could hurl it at the police if they get too rough."

"This is a peaceful protest, I'm pretty sure if I hurl a bottle of urine at the police they are probably not going to react very kindly."

Russell shrugged his shoulders. "Oh well, it's your bladder, I guess you'll just have to hold it, but I can tell you that every guy now can see you glowing bright and shining and I think that a lot of people are staring at you."

"Don't tell me that, you know how self-conscious I am about that!"

"But I can't help it, it's very obvious that you are glowing like you're about to explode."

"I am about to explode dammit!" Karen said practically going out of her mind. It was bad enough that she had to go to the bathroom, but she knew that every guy in the vicinity knew that she had to go to the bathroom, many of whom were peeing off in the bushes and were probably enjoying every minute of her urinary discomfort.

Russell laughed. "I have to admit this is actually rather entertaining, even more entertaining than the protest rally. I can see that a lot of other women are glowing as well. That's what you should have all done, you should have made a stand against police brutality by all drinking a lot before coming to the rally and then blinding them with your desperate auras!"

"Somehow I feel that if we did that that would end up being the focus of all the attention. It wouldn't be shedding light on police brutality."

"Yes it would, you would be blinding them, blinding them with the light of truth or justice, the light that just happens to be emanating from your enormously full bladders!"

"No, it's just like ever since this happened all of the focus is on the fact that women are now glowing when they have to pee really bad. People can't take anything we do seriously because it's all about, look at that woman she's glowing. It's now no longer jokes about being that time of the month, it's hey look at that woman she's glowing like her bladder's about to explode, or no wonder she's grouchy, look how badly she has to pee! PMS now stands for piss myself soon! So if we all came to the protest march glowing and blinding the police with our full bladders it would just be lots of jokes about all of these women getting ready to piss themselves."

"Actually I could see that as a headline, women pissed off about police brutality come to piss off!"

"I can see the budding journalist in you already. But right now I just really need to find a bathroom as soon as possible or I'm going to go completely out of my mind!"

Karen was about to try to sneak off to find a bathroom when all of the sudden someone hurled a bottle of what looked like a yellow liquid that hit a police officer right in the face.

"Take that you pigs!" somebody shouted.

"I bet it was you who threw that," the police officer said as they came over by Karen. "It was you wasn't it! You just hurled a bottle of piss in my face!"

Karen shook her head. "Look officer you can see that I am clearly glowing, so obviously I haven't pissed very recently."

"But I never said it was your piss that was in the bottle, you could have been throwing somebody else's piss, like his piss," the police officer said as he pointed to Russell.

"Hey I have nothing against police officers," Russell said putting his hands up defensively. "I'm just at this rally because I am a budding journalist and I want to document the whole thing. For the record I have never thrown piss in anyone's face, whether they are in a position of authority or not."

The police officer shook his head. "Well it came from right over here and right from where you are standing, I'm afraid I'm going to have to take you in for questioning," the police officer said as he handcuffed Karen.

"But I didn't do anything, this is a violation of my rights!" Karen said as the police officer dragged her away and took her to a small room and sat her down in a small chair and handcuffed her to the chair. "At least let me use the bathroom!"

"If you wanted to use the bathroom you shouldn't have thrown piss in my face!" the police officer said as he shook his head.

"But I didn't throw piss in your face, that's what I am telling you!" Karen said as she squirmed around in her seat crossing and uncrossing her legs a hundred miles a minute as she tapped her feet loudly on the floor.

"Hey red alert," another police officer said as he came into the room with a smile.

"Hey officer Dan," the first police officer said as he slapped him high-five.

"What's up officer Frank," Dan said with a smile.

"This so-called peaceful protester hit me in the face with a bottle of piss."

"But I'm telling you it wasn't me!" Karen shouted. "You can tell by looking at me that I am glowing bright red and that I am going out of my mind with a full bladder, obviously I haven't peed anytime recently."

Officer Dan shook his head. "Like I said it wasn't necessarily your piss that you threw at me. Besides with how fast you seem to be needing to go to the bathroom you could have been standing there drinking all day, filling bottle after bottle of piss so that you can barrage the police, make the boys in blue the boys in yellow. You think you can intimidate us by throwing urine in our faces?"

"What is this, an interrogation?" Karen said as she squirmed in her seat struggling to get comfortable but not being able to take the enormous pressure off of her bladder.

"That's exactly what it is!" Dan shouted.

"Well can you at least let me go to the bathroom first," Karen said crossing her legs tightly. "I'm absolutely dying in here!"

Dan and Frank looked at each other and shook their heads before then looked back at her. "Like I said you should have thought of that before you threw piss at me. But we will let you go to the bathroom, once you admit what has gone on and tell us the full truth."

"But I'm already telling you the truth!" Karen shouted. "I'm telling you that wasn't my urine!"

"Good, so you admit that it was the someone else's urine that you threw at me then," officer Dan said with a smile.

"No, that's not what I said, you're putting words in my mouth!" Karen shouted.

Officer Dan and officer Frank shook their heads and looked back at her.

"Well that's not all that we're going to put in your mouth then," Frank said as he took a large bottle of water, unscrewed the cap and put it up to Karen's mouth. "Drink it, all of it!"

"What?" Karen said as she tried to squirm away from it. "But my bladder is already completely full!"

"You heard the officer, drink up," Dan said. "If you think it's so funny to use your urine maliciously we are going to teach you what it's like to have to control what you do with your urine. Now start drinking!"

Karen was so frightened right now she felt like she could practically piss herself, and she knew the drinking more was certainly going to not help that situation, but seeing as she was at a protest for police brutality she knew that some cops certainly weren't above using unlawful methods of getting her to talk, and she didn't know what they were going to do if she didn't cooperate, so she immediately started drinking the bottle of water until she had drank every last drop.

"There, I drank it, now can I go to the bathroom?" Karen said.

Dan and Frank laughed as they sat down across from her.

"I think that we should just sit here and wait until she confesses," Frank said as he smiled and looked at Dan who smiled and nodded back. "Besides she has a nice healthy glow to her, we could practically read by it!"

That was when Karen realized a terrible truth. "You sick bastards, you're just taking advantage of me to satisfy your sick glow fetish! This is police brutality, now you can see why I was so motivated to protest! Well that and I think the police brutally murdering people for minor violations based on the color of their skin is wrong, but now this on top of that!"

Dan and Frank shook their heads. "We can wait," Dan said. "The question is how long can you wait?"

Karen put her head down and shook her head. "You know this is exactly why people are protesting, I don't mean specifically about the urine suppression right now, I just mean it's bad cops like you give the good cops a bad name and this is why people don't respect the police more. If you would do something as simple as let me go to the bathroom I wouldn't complain that you are violating my rights. I have a right to use the bathroom. I should be free to pee!"

"Like I said, we can wait," Dan said.

"But I have to pee and I have to pee right now!" Karen said as she bit down on her lip and squirmed in her seat. "Please just let me go to the bathroom and I won't say anything about this, I swear!"

Frank and Dan looked at each other and smiled.

"Maybe she would relax more if we played some soothing music," Frank said as he went over to a laptop. "How about sounds of the ocean, rushing waterfalls?"

Immediately the room filled with the loud sound of crashing waterfalls cascading all over the place.

"I'm not going to give in and confess to something that I didn't do just because you are torturing me," Karen said trying to drown out the sound of the waterfalls, but finding that her legs were shaking like crazy and she could barely sit still.

"Well I know you can't see it the way we can see it on you, but I have to pee as well," Frank said as he went to the corner and began peeing loudly into a metal bucket.

Now Karen was sweating bullets and shaking in her seat and she knew she couldn't last much longer.

"Wow she's blinding me now, I don't think she's going to last much longer," Dan said as he covered up his eyes and put down his dark sunglasses.

Just as Karen thought that she was about to wet herself that was when another officer, a tall African-American woman, came into the room.

"What the hell are you boys doing in here?!" she said shaking her head. "Don't tell me you're doing this again, you are forcing a woman to have a full bladder and then interrogating her and torturing her just so that you can get your kicks from letting her glow. Release her right now I'm going to report you again!"

"Damn Shawna you always ruin our fun," Dan said as he took the handcuffs off and let Karen get up.

"Where's the bathroom?!" Karen shouted as she grabbed herself tightly crossing her legs furiously and hopping in place.

Shawna pointed her down the hall and Karen practically knocked people over on the way down, except she didn't want to end up finding herself arrested again for assaulting a police officer, so she walked slowly, got to the bathroom, slammed the door, ripped her pants down and sat her ass on the toilet and peed for what seemed like an eternity as she screamed at the top of her lungs.

When she came out of the bathroom everyone in the police department was looking at her, and several of the men looked like they had lecherous smiles on her face, one covering his crotch area with a folder.

"Get a hobby!" Karen shouted knowing that she was now no longer glowing. She went over to Shawna and smiled. "Thank you, it's good to know that there are still good cops out there looking out for people's rights."

Shawna nodded and smiled. "Truth be told is I have sympathy for you protesters because you want to make us more accountable and hold jerks like Frank and Dan accountable to their actions. The fact is that you're not the first person they have done it to and likely not the last, and there are a whole bunch of police officers in the department that have been taking advantage of the fact that they know women have to pee to torture them like this. It's an unspoken thing and I have been trying to expose it for a while now. They've even taken advantage of the fact that I had to pee while on duty. You have no idea how annoying it is to work with a bunch of guys who know that you are ready to explode all day, but because you have to do your duty you can't find a way to a bathroom break. You try holding a full bladder all day while patrolling the streets while the guys just go pee on the side of the road even though that they know public urination is a crime."

"I guess it's a matter of who will Peeolice the police," Karen said as she laughed. "Get it?"

Shawna rolled her eyes. "Yes I get it. But I really wish that I could expose this sick underground of police officers taking advantage of women because they have this sick fetish for seeing them glow when their bladders are about to explode."

"Actually I kind of know a budding journalist and this could be the type of story that would really help his career, and I think he would blow the lid off of this, no pun intended," Karen said as she laughed. "Get it, lid, because of toilet seats and, oh forget it."

A short while later.

"Well I did blow the lid off of it," Russell said as he handed Karen the article that he wrote exposing police brutality against women's bladders.

"Women are incredibly pissed," Karen said. "In fact they are glowing with rage over this latest outrage –"

Karen put the paper down.

"What, it's clever wordplay," Russell said shaking his head. "It is a serious article though, and I just hope that it is given the seriousness that it deserves."

"I have to admit though I'm a little bit self-conscious over the fact that you told everybody about how I had to go to the bathroom all day and what happened to me," Karen said. "I mean I get that you had to tell the story as is, but I'm still embarrassed."

"But shouldn't be, you're the head of the #PeeToo movement," Russell said with a laugh.

"Oh you're not serious, that's what you are actually calling this?" Karen said as she read the article shaking her head. "No one's ever going to take this seriously!"

"Hey I thought it was a clever hashtag that would get people to come out in support of you. Lots of women have had their bladders tortured by police officers and now maybe they will come forward thanks to you."

Karen shook her head. "Well I doubt that this is going to lead to any real life substantial change in the world, in fact am almost hoping that maybe people will forget about this now."

"But don't you want justice for what happened to you?"

"Of course I do, but I don't exactly want to be head of something called the #PeeToo movement!"

"Silence only enables the oppressor, you can't be neutral on these matters, staying silent is never a good idea."

"I can't believe that you actually just quoted a Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel in regards to something about the bathroom, and yet at the same time you kind of make a good point. And that's just making me even angrier about this! Whatever though, I am sure that in a week or two this will blow over anyway."

A week or two later…

"I can't believe that I am at the head of something called the million bladder March," Karen said as she stood there glowing and holding herself and looking at all of the other women around her doing likewise.

"Well hey, with all these many women glowing there's not a man in America who is going to be able to not be blinded by the light of truth now," Russell said as he put on his sunglasses.

Karen shook her head. "Well maybe you are right, maybe people actually will take this seriously, even though it's involving urine. There is just really one thing that I really really wish you had considered when you plan this whole crazy March."

"What's that?"

"Why couldn't you have planned for bathroom availability!" Karen said as she looked over the crowd of glowing women, seeing not a single bathroom available in sight.

Russell laughed. "Well I guess that's a wash, get it a wash because everybody's going to pee and flood this place."

"Shut up!" Karen said as she reached for the empty sports bottle at her side and started thinking of a place where she could go to fill it discreetly, not to throw at a police officer, but just because she really needed it.

*003*2020-06-20 09:22

"I liked it! Kind of a funny, goofy concept but it works because it ramps up the embarrassment side of the situation. I certainly would like to see more stories in this world."

I will post a preview of the first couple of chapters when I publish the full-length novel both here and in my blog. In the meantime I have another bonus story for that collection that is set in this world that takes place in the 1950s in an alternate timeline where men could see women's desperation auras, so maybe I will post that as well now. Look for it under the title Your Bladder and You.

