Omo War III: Desperate Times - Page 2

Author: DaCoolCat

*027*2017-09-20 04:35

"*Bella... from high school? Nope, I'm taking the joke too far now, huh? Alright, I've got some news. I'm currently escorting the good doctor over to my bunker, but it'll take about another day or so. On our way, though, we saw a couple of things that you'll need to look out for if you're going outside: the military is puffing its chest out and sending in convoys to try to relocate the infected and that's no bueno, especially since they can't even tell a non-infected from a level 3; there's a level 3 version of the infected, these girls are now basically nonhumans as they can go for days without food and/or water and still be running after a guy and his doctor for over two fucking miles, but they can be stopped (logically speaking and also, I don't know what other superpowers they may have so be extremely careful); and there's a fair number of people still stuck in their homes so if you want to be a nice guy and help them out, take them into the compound.

For today, I think you should make a good impression by working with the guys in there. Look out for Claire and keep an eye on that Bella. I don't count on her being immune."

DAY 5

The morning rains down with a cold air as the tarp blubbers tirelessly around my ears with the sound. My fingers feel numb despite the effort I put into their grip on the metal bar. The material that it holds is all I need from the loot tent for now. I remove the strings and pole of the smaller tent with my bowie knife as I manage to earn Evan's full attention. It seems like he's ready to go.

"Alright, we're done here," I say to him.

"What do you need the tent for?" He asks me.

"Ah. Well, I don't know if your sister's told you, but Claire does get affected by the parasites. This waterproof stuff is, and don't laugh, to cover her bed for when she goes to sleep at night."

He keeps silent: a mature response. I walk us back to our tent and layout Claire's 'insurance' before going to meet with Ben for some work. Hopefully, she won't be too shocked by her new mattress protector when she and Bella come back from the dining tent. I leave most of my things here so that Evan can watch over them while he plays with the new toys he'd found.

*Bzzt.

My phone vibrates with a new message.

"*Albert, come to the generators. We could use your help."

With that, I head out.

**Claire's PoV.

I cut through the Spam with my plastic spoon absentmindedly as I struggle to remember the details of my dream last night. So far, I can only see myself waking in the middle of pitch-darkness before waking up again to a small beach ball of a soggy diaper.

Ugh, how come I remember that part so well?

Bella might have been there. I could faintly recite her calling my name: Claire... Claire..... Claire?

"Psst, Claire!"

I snap back to reality as my bent spoon flings a bit of mystery meat at the table next to us. Luckily, no one is there. I look up at Bella from across our small plastic table and notice that she's wearing the same outfit that she wore yesterday, which is the same deal as me (except for a change in diaper).

"Y-yeah? What is it?" I reply.

"Are you okay? You're looking kind of pale. Is something wrong?"

"Nah, I'm just... supposed to look like an emo, right?"

Right, maybe that's why nobody's sitting anywhere close to us. It is the perfect disguise, after all.

"Hm. Yeah, I'm sure. Look, you don't have to worry about this morning, okay? I'll help you out any time."

My cheeks flush at her comment and the flashback (as if on cue) goes to that damp feeling between my legs, that smell of confirmation, and that stiffness in my bladder as I held off on completing my natural duty to allow for the cleaning of my bed sheet and flipping of my mattress.

W-why do you have to bring it up?!

"Seriously, I-I'm fine!" I say to her.

"Well, I'm serious too! Claire, I know you don't mean to ignore your problems until the very last second, but Al has told me quite enough. I'm taking care of you whenever he's away from now on and I don't want any more wettings, understand?"

I could feel my dignity rapidly sinking like a boat in a rogue wave of embarrassment. The rain's not making it any easier for me to make a stand, either (literally, because I'd be dancing on the spot like a preschooler who drank too much juice if I do).

But I can't let her win or she'll never stop babying me! I have to hold it until I can excuse myself to go pee!

"You have to pee, don't you?" She says all of the sudden.

My pee hole quivers in response, causing a quick but humiliating leak to dampen my diaper. Red with a mixture of anger and shame, I cross my legs as much as I can with my black joggers, causing me to fidget around for a bit until Bella grabs my right wrist to yank me out of my plastic chair.

"W-wait. Hold on, B-Bella?"

Try as I might, I couldn't contest with her oddly powerful grasp as she brings me to our tent while goosebumps form on my skin from the cold. Upon my release, I immediately hold myself with each hand on the opposite side of my hips, bending my knees to a low crouch as this all too familiar feeling pangs in my lower belly.

"B-Bella, I-I have to pee! That's what you want to hear, r-right?! I'm not f-fine! I'm about to wet myself!"

"No, you're not."

She pulls down my pants, ripping the waistband from my grip. She then pushes me down on her bed and removes my diaper.

"What are y-you doing?! Ngghhh!" I groan with the pressure continuing to mount. "I'll pee my pants!"

"Claire, it's time to shed the sugarcoating. You're going outside to go to the bathroom before you wet yourself without your diaper."

I look at Bella, mortified.

"Hey, this is gonna help you... just like it helped me. I had to hold it in a lot more than you think. You've got this, Claire. I believe in you!"

With a push, she sends me outside to dance in the rain. I wobble awkwardly to the side of the tent, rubbing my legs and blushing harder with the added effects from going commando. Though, I suppose I could just wee my pants here and now. The rain would disguise any wet spot and it would be so very warm...

N-no! Terrible idea! I gotta find a place to pee that's not in my pants!

But there are no bathrooms on the maps. The only relief that one could find here (besides in a diaper or out in the open) is in a bucket and that chance is gone. I should just accept the fact that I've lost and let it go...

W-wait! What about the u-urine recycling systems place? It must have a b-bucket too...

But how would it work? I realize that there's no way that I could figure it out in time as I slowly start to relax my -.

H-hold on! If I could just get there, I may have a chance! B-besides, maybe Bella is really trying to h-help me. Maybe holding it b-beyond my normal l-limit will help me fight the parasites!

Spasming strongly, a stream shoots out for five blissful seconds before I could stop myself. My legs tickle as the beads of pee roll down on them. It seems that there's only one outcome, yet somehow I move towards the wee-wee tent.

DON'T THINK ABOUT PEE!! STOP THINKING ABOUT PEE!!!

I carry myself to the tent with an arched back and a crouched run and nearly trips over when I stop myself. The circular tent in front of me is so close, I could practically smell the -.

A-alright! Time to go inside!

"Huh?"

I move up my gaze to find Ben standing in front of me with two buckets full of fresh water by his sides, threatening to spill as they sway slightly with his steps.

"Ahh - umm, uh," I blunder, unable to cut away from the sight of sloshing liquid in their containers.

"What? Do you need help? Are you sick or something," he asks me, putting his buckets down with a decisive thump and sending a wave of clear, drinking water crashing down on the gravel ground.

And that was all she wrote. With a blank look on my face, I drop down to my spread thighs and, instantly, a torrent of warm urine pools in my pants for seconds until it soaks through, streaming through the tiny rocks on the floor. I face my darkening crotch as it does not swell this time without my diaper. Instead, it sprays everywhere inside the crotch of my pants messily. I stare at it some more in a silence accompanied by only rain water and my water, though, I could swear mine's louder. The sound is deafening in another's presence, no matter where you are. I rack my brain for an excuse.

"... Oh, here," he says as he picks me up from under my armpits.

My legs feel weak. My head feels dizzy. I try to faint, to just wake up somewhere away from it all, but I can't. It's extra embarrassing when the person who sees you fail is also around your age and a cute guy.

"It's okay, Albert's told me about your secrets. Let's get you back to your tent."

... Is there nobody Al haven't told my potty habits to?

**Albert's PoV.

Walking back to my tent, I spot Evan playing outside.

That's weird. I wonder why he's...

I approach him.

"Hey, man. What's going on? Why are you outside?" I asks.

He shakes his head.

"Girls are weird."

