Rapunzel's Desperate Day Out Of the Tower

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2022-06-28 13:43

I have to admit this is probably one of my stranger desperation stories in that it was kind of inspired by the Disney movie Tangled, and is basically a parody of that movie with pee desperation, and I suppose it gets a little bit weird and perverse, especially considering the inspiration for this! That said it is a a little bit more than a total just pure desperation story as I think it's actually a pretty funny parody, and I hope that everybody else enjoys it as much as I did. But yeah this one was kind of a weird thing to turn into a desperation story I will admit, even by my standards, and I kind of just came across it randomly on my list of story ideas and was feeling really unfocused and kind of tired and headachy and I said, you know what just go with that and I did, and I think the results were pretty damn good!

But even though the main focus is on desperation as it's an omorashi story it's also a little bit of a gross and deranged parody of a Disney movie, so if the idea of an omorashi story based on a children's film bothers you maybe you should skip this one! But all of the characters in the story are adults, and also parodies of fictional cartoon characters… Anyway you have been warned, and if you don't have any problem with that I hope you enjoy the story! Also can be viewed in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/10254.html

Rapunzel's Desperate Day Out Of the Tower

Rapunzel was sitting up in a tower one day looking out at the world outside her window and wondering what it would be like to actually go out into the world one day.

"It would just be really great to leave the house on my birthday and go have some kind of adventure," Rapunzel said.

"Don't be silly Rapunzel, you have everything that you need right here," mother Gothel said. "Besides the outside world is a really frightening place."

"But it's just I have been in this tower my whole life and it gets kind of boring sometimes, I mean I read the same books over and over again and spend most of the day brushing my hair, in all honesty as much fun as that sounds it really gets old pretty fast," Rapunzel said as she shook her head.

"What could you possibly want from the outside world that you cannot get here, and then there is another thing Rapunzel, there are no bathrooms out there."

"There are no bathrooms?"

"Not a single one."

"But what if you needed to go to the bathroom?"

"Well I suppose if you were a guy you could just pee in the bushes but there are no ladies rooms in this enchanted kingdom. Some would say an enchanted kingdom sounds less appealing when there are no bathrooms there, so I don't understand the logic behind that, but yet we don't have any ladies rooms anywhere in the entire kingdom. Blame it on the fact that all of the kingdom was ruled by some old guy who probably has his own gold toilet seat somewhere."

"So you mean that all you can do if you leave the house is you just have to hold it all day?"

"Absolutely all day long, not a single single drop of urine will leave your body," mother Gothel said as she crossed her arms and shook her head, feeling smug about the fact that she had put Rapunzel in her place.

"Couldn't I just like squat in the bushes or something like that?"

"What are you some kind of an animal?"

"But what if I just left the house for a really really short time?"

"Rapunzel we both know that you have a bladder the size of a thimble, you would never survive out there out in the great world out there, the great big world with absolutely no ladies restrooms anywhere."

"What do you do when you leave the house for several days at a time?"

"I just have a really really good bladder and I don't drink anything." The truth is she would pop a squat in the bushes but she didn't need Rapunzel to know that, because if she knew she could just go to the bathroom in the bushes she might be inclined to try and leave her tower.

"Okay mother, I guess you know best, and it's true I certainly wouldn't want to leave my tower where I have a bathroom when I need it," Rapunzel said as she went over to the hole in the ground that opened into some type of a giant pit. As she looked at the giant pit that seemed to go on forever she kind of wondered what happened when she went to the bathroom and where all of her excrement went, but she thought that asking a question like that was kind of impolite and unladylike according to her mother. Every time she looked in that pit where she would go to the bathroom though she seriously wondered about that.

"Well anyway Rapunzel I am going to be going away for a few days, remember don't leave your tower and don't trust anybody, and remember if you think about leaving the tower just remember the total and utter lack of ladies rooms, not a single bathroom for you to relieve yourself in, you would find yourself having to hold it all day long," she said waving her finger in Rapunzel's face to really drive home the fact that if she left her tower she risked a major bathroom emergency.

While her mother was gone Rapunzel got around to doing her daily activities of reading the same few books over and over again, cleaning the house and then brushing her hair, brushing her hair and brushing her hair some more.

"You know my life may be boring but it's true I do have a whole damn lot of hair that I really have to brush," she said as she finished brushing her hair.

What she didn't know was that meanwhile a man was standing outside of her tower. As she heard the man making noise outside she looked down out into the lawn outside her tower and waved to him.

"Hi who are you," the man said. "My name is Flynn Rider."

"I'm Rapunzel and I spend all of my day up in this tower all by myself reading the same books over and over again, cleaning the house and brushing my hair endlessly."

"Well that sounds very, look I'm not going to lie to you, that sounds boring as hell, are like you on some kind of medication like Ritalin or something? But do you think maybe you could let down your long hair so that I can climb up and visit you in your tower?"

Rapunzel thought for a moment that her mother had warned her about how everybody in the outside world was potentially dangerous and that she had to protect herself by never leaving her tower. On the other hand she was pretty God damned bored though, so she shrugged her shoulders and threw her hair out the tower window so this mysterious stranger could climb up it and hopefully not murder her and steal everything that she owns.

"Okay strange man, come and climb up my hair, I'm sure this won't be as weird as it seems," Rapunzel shouted as he began climbing up her hair.

"You know I've never climbed up a woman's hair before, it was a unique experience," Flynn Rider said. "So what do you do all day in this tower?"

"I already told you, I read the same books over and over again, I clean the house and I brush and brush and brush and brush and brush my hair, which now that you have climbed up and I will probably have to brush extra now to get all of the tangles out of it."

"Well have you ever considered, you know, leaving the tower?"

"My mom said the world outside is a really scary place and that there are no bathrooms."

"Well you can always just pee in the bushes."

"What am I an animal? I have to admit though I have always been curious about the world outside of this tower, but like I said though my mom said that the world outside is scary and without bathrooms."

"Do you always do exactly what your mother says like some type of brainwashed slave?"

"I mean pretty much, yeah."

As Flynn stood there stroking his chin and wondering if this woman was suffering from a case of Munchausen by proxy syndrome he suddenly started feeling bad for her and wanted to show her a good time.

"Well you know what that's going to change right now, I'm going to show you the outside world and how much fun it can be."

"But what if I need to go to the bathroom?"

"Look we can come back before you have to go to the bathroom if you are that concerned with having to go to the bathroom. I mean seriously, do you never leave your tower just because of the lack of bathrooms?"

"Well I've never disobeyed my mother before, but I am sure if we just leave for a little while that would be okay and it wouldn't be catastrophic or the end of the world."

"Look I assure you this is not the end of the world, if you read your Bible the end of the world is much weirder than this and doesn't really make a whole lot a logical sense, but leaving your tower, I promise you that it will be a real adventure for you. Shall we?"

Rapunzel shrugged her shoulders and soon they would out of the tower and on the ground below.

"But it's not going to eat me is it?" Rapunzel asked.

"Is what going to eat you?" Flynn asked.

"You know, the ground."

Damn this chick really does have issues, Flynn thought to himself, but he figured that he had to teach her that the outside world wasn't so scary despite a severe lack of bathrooms.

"Come on let's go have fun walking through the forest, I'm going to show you the whole kingdom."

As Flynn began showing Rapunzel the outside world for the first time she had to admit that she was starting to wish that she didn't have those three large coffees before leaving. And then the fact that Flynn's horse was taking a huge piss was certainly making her feel extremely uncomfortable.

"Look I'm having a real lot of fun but I seriously need to go to the bathroom now," Rapunzel said as she started grabbing herself and hopping around.

"Let's go to the pub, they might have a bathroom," Flynn said as they walked into the pub and everybody dropped what they were doing when they saw Rapunzel. "Hey guys can she like use your bathroom?"

"Women don't go to the bathroom," an old man said. "It's a myth like the yeti or his North American cousin the Sasquatch."

"Guys she is not some type of mystical creature, although she does have extremely long hair that continuously grows and I think has some kind of weird supernatural powers, so I suppose what I'm asking is that you be a little bit open-minded. If you can live in some type of magical fantasy kingdom is it really that much of a stretch to accept the idea of a woman having to go to the bathroom as somehow not so implausible?"

"You're gross," the old man said shaking his head. "Besides we have a two drink minimum before anybody can use the facilities here."

As Rapunzel crossed her legs tightly the prospect of drinking more didn't make her think that this problem was going to get any better, but she figured she should be open-minded, so she quickly drank down two mugs full of alcohol. She was about to excuse herself to the bathroom when everyone just spontaneously started singing about how they had a dream, but the only dream she could think of was how she really really wanted to get to a bathroom.

"I'm sorry but I really have to pee right now," Rapunzel said as she made her way to the bathroom but as she opened it and saw what state the bathroom was in she took a deep breath and began feeling like she was going to be sick and closed the door. She knew that bathrooms in this magical fantasy kingdom were certainly nobody's actual fantasy, but the state of that toilet, she certainly wasn't going to sit on that monstrous thing if her life depended on it.

"Everything better," Flynn said as Rapunzel stood there trying to stand still even as her bladder was ready to explode. But I told you the toilet didn't bite didn't die?"

"Everything is just peachy," she said giving a thumbs-up and gritting her teeth and thinking the way that toilet looked there might be some kind of monster inside that would bite her ass if she had been stupid enough to sit on it. Now she had to go to the bathroom more than ever but she didn't want to admit that she was too afraid to use the bathroom in the pub, even though if anyone had actually seen the bathroom in the pub they would probably understand, especially in a place where about a third of people will die from getting some type of weird plague.

"Isn't nature wonderful," Flynn said a little bit later as he stood there peeing in the bushes behind Rapunzel. "Isn't it great that for the first time you are getting to see all of the water falls, see all of the streams, all of the lakes and rivers and all of the wonderful natural sites that nature has to provide."

As the sound of the trickling waterfall going into the stream emptying into the lake was driving Rapunzel frantic she started noticing that all around her animals seemed to be relieving themselves. Normally in a situation like this the animals would gather around her and she would sing a happy song and it would be all nice and animated and everything, but unfortunately she knew that there were copyright issues, so that wouldn't be happening, so instead all of the animals were just taking a piss.

"I'm sorry I can't take it anymore, I really need to pee!" Rapunzel said as she hopped up and down and had to admit that the feeling of a full bladder creating pressure in that area of her anatomy was giving her strange new feelings that weren't entirely unpleasant.

"Go for it," Flynn said giving her a thumbs-up.

"Yeah but I don't want anybody to watch me," Rapunzel said, feeling embarrassed over the fact that she really wanted to go to the bathroom.

"So, this is some type of medieval fantasy kingdom, it's not like somebody's going to snap a picture with their camera phone, phones aren't a thing in this world, in fact what's a phone?"

"It's just you think maybe you can look the other way?"

"Are you sure I can't watch?"

"Well that's a little bit of a weird thing to ask somebody after you climbed up her hair and showed her around the kingdom for the day. Besides I can't go when I know somebody's watching."

"Okay I won't watch you go to the bathroom and make this whole thing weird," Flynn said hoping that she would at least go to the bathroom close enough that he could hear her going to the bathroom, because he kind of had a thing for that.

Rapunzel started walking off in the forest dragging her long hair behind her wondering how she was going to go to the bathroom with all of her hair in the way. That was when she suddenly realized that there was another option instead of just squatting like an animal and peeing in the bushes.

Rapunzel threw her hair up in the air and she created a tent all around her, and wrapped up in her own hair she could finally just spread her legs and relieve herself. As she breathed a sign of relief she had to admit that it was the most satisfying moment of her life. In all fairness having done the same repetitive thing every single day for her entire life it was a pretty low bar, but relieving herself like that, it was still pretty awesome.

"Well that's so much better," Rapunzel said as she came out of the bushes smoking a cigarette and looking really satisfied with herself.

"Do you always smoke after peeing?"

"I don't know, I never looked before," she said as they both had a good laugh.

"Well you had a pretty fun day, so I guess I should better be getting you back home now before your weird creepy mother is wondering where you are, thinking that maybe you ran away and tried to escape from her because she was keeping you in some state of isolation from the rest of humanity as a way of exploiting and controlling you like some kind of weird creepy cult leader."

"What are you, my shrink?" Rapunzel said. "But you are right I should be getting home, my weird creepy mother will get freaked out if I am missing because she uses my magical hair to stay young forever."

"And I thought I had weird relations with my parents," Flynn said shaking his head. "Okay let's get back to your tower."

Flynn escorted Rapunzel back to her tower as she smiled.

"So like the magic hair I get, but do you have any other magical abilities?" Flynn asked. "I'm just curious and everything."

"I think that my urine also has magical healing abilities but luckily we didn't need that on this particular outing."

"Would you believe me if I said I broke my hand," Flynn said as he was contemplating whether he could break his hand in a convincing manner before she noticed.

"Nice try buddy," Rapunzel said as they both had a good laugh about that.

"Well you can't blame a guy for trying, have a nice life in that tower with your creepy mother, hope to see you around sometime," Flynn said as Rapunzel waved to him.

"He was a nice guy, kind of creepy that I think the whole time he was trying to get me to pee on him or at the very least watch me urinating, but hey who am I to judge given what a weird freakish existence I live," Rapunzel said as she climbed up back into her tower using her hair as a rope.

"So Rapunzel how were things while I was gone," her mother said walking in the door a few hours later.

"You know just a normal typical day doing the same repetitive thing over and over again," Rapunzel said as her mother smiled and nodded. But Rapunzel had to admit that after a long life doing nothing except for reading the same books over and over again, cleaning the house and endlessly brushing her hair, she was glad that she had learned of a new activity but one that she would have to keep secret from her mother.

Later that night when Rapunzel woke with an explodingly full bladder she went to go sit on the toilet into that endless pit and began masturbating until she lost control of her bladder and finally released everything in a loud hissing stream as she groaned with satisfaction before smoking another cigarette.

"You know with this new activity I think that I could probably keep my self-satisfied forever," Rapunzel said as she got up off of the toilet before looking down into the endless pit. "I still can't help but wonder though what is at the bottom of that pit."

"This is the life," Flynn said at the bottom of the pit as he sat there dripping with urine and playing with himself.

