Humiliated!

Author: DerekOmoso

*000*2023-03-12 16:56

It was the end of the semester, and finals week was in full swing. As a college student, you had been staying up late for weeks, trying to finish assignments and cram for exams. You had been relying heavily on coffee to stay awake, but in the process, you had been neglecting to take regular bathroom breaks.

One day, you were sitting in class, listening to the professor's lecture when suddenly, you felt a strong urge to pee. You tried to ignore it, hoping it would pass, but the urge only grew stronger. You tried to hold it in, crossing your legs and clenching your muscles, but it was too late.

As you sat in your seat, your worst nightmare became a reality. You felt a warm liquid spreading beneath you, soaking through your pants and onto the chair. Your face turned red with embarrassment as you realized you had just had an accident in front of your classmates.

You quickly gathered your things and rushed out of the classroom, trying to avoid eye contact with anyone. You could hear snickering and whispers behind you, and you felt like crawling into a hole and never coming out.

As you made your way to the bathroom, you felt tears welling up in your eyes. How could this have happened to you? You had always been so careful about these things, but now, in the middle of a lecture, you had lost control.

You spent the rest of the day in a daze, trying to avoid anyone who had been in that classroom. You were terrified of facing them, of having to explain what had happened. You even considered dropping out of college altogether, so ashamed were you of what had happened.

But as the days went by, you slowly came to terms with your accident. You realized that it was just a fluke, a result of your exhaustion and neglect. You began taking better care of yourself, taking regular breaks to use the bathroom and not relying so heavily on caffeine.

And while the memory of that day still haunted you, you also knew that it was just a small blip in the grand scheme of things. You were still a college student, still capable of achieving great things, even in the face of setbacks and accidents.

(Another gem from my ChatGPT conversations!!! I didn't ask it to name this one though... All credit goes to that bot. I didn't make this.

