The Desperate Freedom Riders

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2022-01-30 15:55

Believe it or not this desperation story was actually inspired by Martin Luther King Jr. day and I wrote it on that particular day because I wanted to write something with civil rights, and all of the serious stories that I would write under my own name were too long in the time I had left to work on it, so I just sort of went with this story. I meant to post this last week but unfortunately I was in the hospital again for a full six days with one of my most grueling visits ever, so I have a lot to catch up on now. So yeah my health is definitely still declining unfortunately, otherwise I probably would have posted this a lot sooner.

I was positive I had a story like this on my list somewhere as I had been thinking about it for a long time but I couldn't find any looking up the word civil rights or freedom riders or anything like that so I guess I never added it to the list or it was under another name, but I thought of it today earlier in the pool chat and I figured I would go with it so at least I got this story accomplished now.

I know I have had an idea like this for the longest time. I couldn't find one like it on my list so maybe I never added it, but it was always in my head and something I have wondered for a long time. As a person who has read and watched a tremendous amount on the civil rights movement, like with every other struggle for freedom and every other situation in history I wondered about how there must have been situations like this when women had to go to the bathroom, which I thought must have been really common in the South where the bathrooms were segregated, and they frequently didn't have bathrooms for African-Americans at all.

This story is not meant to trivialize the civil rights movement or anything like that by any means, but I think that any type of situation where women are gathering to fight for their rights, especially in a situation like this historical one, that there were probably a lot of instances where women, particularly women of color, while bearing the greater burden of responsibility for civil rights work, but probably also doing so with painfully full bladders, as that is just the historical situation for women in virtually all times and places, but because it involves bathrooms and because that was a different era that had less freedom to talk about those things it is probably something that you never hear about in the history books.

This was not a true story but it was inspired by true historical events, and I am sure that something like this most likely had happened to somebody in that time and place in history. So I finally got around to doing this story that explores that idea and I hope in the future maybe I will do a couple of other desperation stories with a historical setting.

Anyway enjoy! Also available in my blog https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/9029.html.

The Desperate Freedom Riders

In the 1960s during the civil rights movement a bunch of brave souls called the freedom riders went down to the segregated South to register people to vote and to promote awareness of civil rights issues. This is one such story, a neglected story that was not told and that you won't read about in the history books, because it involves pee.

"I know they told us that we would face hostility and possibly death and all manner of possible horrors when we agreed to this," Rosa said as she crossed her legs in her seat. "But dear Lord they didn't tell me that we would have to go this entire journey without a bathroom break!"

Rosa wasn't alone, she could see that the other black women in the bus with her were sitting with their legs crossed as well and looking anxiously out the window.

"When are we going to find a bathroom?!" a woman in the back of the bus shouted as the bus hit another speedbump as moans of agony started cascading through the bus.

"Look everybody we will hopefully find a bathroom that is not just whites only soon," Mrs. Mayberry said as she stood up at the front of the bus with her legs also not so subtly crossed. "Believe me you're not the only one who is really dying for a bathroom."

"I would be willing to die for a cause but not of a burst bladder," Rosa said as she shifted in her seat. As they looked out the window and saw that it was beginning to rain several of the other women in the bus started whimpering as well.

"Do you think we can stop so that we can pee in a field again soon," said William as he raised his hand.

All of the women began moaning loudly.

"But you guys have already peed in a field several times, what about us," Rosa said as she started tapping her foot impatiently and rocking back and forth in her seat.

"Hey you can pee in a field as well," William said as the guys began laughing.

"But it's not funny, my bladder is about to explode!" Rosa shouted as several of the other women began to protest along with her.

"Ladies let's maintain our dignity, you know that it's not as easy for us to go to the bathroom without exposing ourselves to danger," Mrs. Mayberry said bending at the knees. "Don't worry, when we get to a bathroom you will all hopefully get to go."

"Hopefully," Rosa said as she put her hands on her knees and leaned forward gritting her teeth.

"I could have tried to sneak you into the white ladies bathroom," said Wendy, Rosa's white friend and ally, with a smile.

"No you know that doing that would be too dangerous under the circumstances," Rosa said as she put her hand on Wendy's hand. "We appreciate everything you are doing by being allies to us and risking your own lives, but we can't put you in any more danger than we already are."

"But I just feel bad about the fact that I got to tinkle," Wendy said looking a lot more relaxed as she leaned back in her seat. "Although truth be told is I could use another bathroom break. But I mean given what you have to go through I suppose that being a privileged white lady I shouldn't be complaining since I already got to pee two times and you haven't even gotten to go once."

"Don't let your liberal guilt destroy you, it's not your fault that they have bathrooms for you and not for us, that's what we are trying to change, and you are an excellent ally who is weathering the storm with us," Rosa said as she looked out once again to the window to see that the rain was dripping down the sides of the bus as she crossed and uncrossed her legs. "Besides I don't think that your guilt is probably anywhere near as painful as an outrageously full bladder."

"Don't worry we are coming up to a rest stop shortly," Mrs. Mayberry said jumping up and down clearly desperate for a bathroom herself but trying her best to maintain her composure.

Shortly after that they arrived at a rest stop and by then it had stopped raining.

"Okay now let us all exit the bus in an orderly manner," Mrs. Mayberry said as women began charging out of the bus, practically knocking her down in the process as they all piled out of the bus and towards the rest stop. However they all froze in their tracks when they saw a sign that said restrooms for whites only.

"This is my worst nightmare!" Rosa said as she grabbed herself and danced in place. "If I don't get to a bathroom soon I think I'm going to go out of my mind."

"Now remember, we are not going to do anything that's going to endanger us or cause trouble, we just have to hope that the next rest stop," Mrs. Mayberry said before pausing a moment and looking like she was in agony. "We just have to hope that the next rest stop has bathrooms for our kind. Remember that this is the kind of prejudice that we are trying to fight against. We just have to persevere and keep marching towards freedom."

All of the African-American women waiting outside of the bus looked on with looks of horror.

"I suppose the guys could go pee in the field right," William said as a bunch of guys began going off into the bushes to relieve themselves for the third time.

Rosa practically wanted to cry as she saw the guys go off to relieve themselves.

"Does anybody else need to use the restroom while we are here, the white restroom I mean," Mrs. Mayberry said as she looked at the restroom door like she was seriously contemplating breaking it down.

"Forgive me Rosa, but I really need to go, nervous bladder," Wendy said as she and a couple of other white girls on the bus started lining up for the bathroom.

As Rosa looked at William coming back from the field with a smile on his face, and Wendy coming back from the white restroom with a look of relief on her face, she knew that she had to be strong and not to show any sign of weakness, but all she could think about right then and there was relieving herself by any means possible.

She knew that it would be against the law for her to use the white girls bathroom, but as she saw the bathroom standing there just a few feet away as her bladder throbbed with an intensity that she didn't think possible, she put her fingers in her mouth and began biting down on them as she and the other African-American women started getting back on the bus and slowly, carefully and gently began sitting down again.

"Everybody settle down, I know that a lot of you really really want the bathroom, believe me I can relate," Mrs. Mayberry said as she made her hand into a fist and pounded against the front seat of the bus. "But sometimes you have to suffer for your freedom, and don't worry I'm sure that eventually we're going to have to come to a place that has a bathroom for us."

As the bus ride continued Rosa could barely concentrate. She couldn't remember how many hours it had been since they had come to a bathroom that she was able to use, but she could barely sit still, and as she looked around the bus she could see that most of the other women who shared her skin tone looked equally uncomfortable.

"If it helps you could just try to take your mind off of it and think about something really pleasant," Wendy said. "My mother always said to use nature imagery like a waterfall or a stream or, sorry I guess that's not helping. There isn't a whole lot of nature imagery that doesn't involve water is there?"

Rosa put her hand on Wendy's hand. "It's okay Wendy, it's not your fault that you were able to pee, it's an unjust system of racist segregation that is keeping us from relief, and that's what we are riding for, I just wish that we were riding in a bus that had bathrooms!"

The bus continued on its way, fortunately not encountering any more roadblocks or obstacles in their way, and soon they were at their destination where they were going to rally for their rights.

"Okay everybody we are here, try to contain your excitement," Mrs. Mayberry said, her legs tightly crossed as every other woman on the bus was practically jumping out of their seat trying to contain a lot more than just their excitement.

As everybody piled out of the bus they finally saw what they thought was their salvation, it was restrooms, and they had a white and colored bathroom.

"Oh thank you Jesus!" Rosa said as she tightly crossed her legs, freezing in place as she saw a large line develop in front of the colored women's bathroom.

Wendy started slowly and guiltily tiptoeing towards the white restrooms as Rosa waved her on.

"I'm sorry, it's just I have a nervous bladder and I have to go a lot," Wendy said as she got in line for the white women's bathroom.

As Rosa found herself towards the end of the line for the bathroom she tried to maintain focus and concentration as she put her hands on her knees and kept her eyes on the prize, the prize of course being the God dammed bathroom in this instance, and she had never wanted it so bad in all of her life.

Meanwhile the others who had arrived at the rally started giving speeches using bullhorns so that everybody who was waiting in line for the bathroom and elsewhere on the grounds could hear.

A tall black man got up on the stage and began speaking and Rosa gradually remembered that his name was Martin Parker, an old friend of hers. "I would just like to give a special word of thanks out to all of the women who have come here today especially, who faced not just racism but sexism as well. They have become the backbone of this desperate struggle that we find ourselves in."

Rosa could think of another desperate struggle that was taking precedence over that at the moment, although she was glad to see that somebody was acknowledging all of the special effort that the women had to put in, to say nothing of the fact that they hadn't had a pee break the entire day and were all trying not to wet themselves.

Finally it was almost Rosa's turn at the bathroom and she was practically in tears of joy just at the prospect.

"I would like to say special thanks to one woman who has done a lot more and who has gone above and beyond the call of duty, Rosa will you please come up here," he said pointing to Rosa in the bathroom line.

Rosa looked ahead at the bathroom and it wasn't her "duty" she wanted to take care of, it was her pee pee. She wanted to turn down the honor but she knew that it would be extremely rude to do so, even as she was hopping up and down.

"Well I can see that you are hopping up and down with excitement, I know that you probably want to come up here and say a few words," he said as Rosa waved her hands like she didn't want to. "She's just being shy folks, I know that she is eager to get up here and to let you all know in her own words what this struggle means to her."

Rosa thought that she was about to cry then and there, but then she straightened her back, stood up straight and slowly hobbled up onto the stage.

"Rosa has carried a great weight on her shoulder," Martin said as she thought that she was carrying a greater weight somewhere else, and it certainly wasn't on her shoulders. "Do you think maybe you could read that speech that you read to me during the last rally, you know the one about the struggle for freedom being like a river."

Rosa felt like she was about to faint but she gradually and slowly stood up at the podium, because at least the podium would be blocking view of her if she ended up pissing herself. She could see a large audience of women, some of whom looked like they had crossed legs as well, who could probably relate to what she was feeling at the moment.

"Freedom is like a river," Rosa said swallowing deeply and fighting back tears. "Freedom is a river that flows through all of us, but in some of us it's a very gentle st-stream." She had to press her legs together behind the podium to avoid having an accident as she took a deep breath before continuing. "But for some of us the river of freedom flows in a much less gentle stream, and we have to fight the current, fight all of the water and all the pressure that is bearing down on us, and it's all we could do to keep fighting to make sure that we never drown and never just go with the flow, however easier it may seem to do so. Sometimes you have to fight the pressure, you have to go upstream and fight the stronger battle, the harder battle, the battle that seems like it's not always winnable until you finally reach the end goal and then you find sweet sweet freedom at long last."

Rosa found that she was now shaking and could not fight back her tears any longer as several people in the audience began clapping and cheering.

"Thank you Rosa, do you have anything else you would like to share?" Martin said smiling at her. "It looks like you are overcome with emotion right now."

"No, I think I'm good," Rosa said as everybody began clapping as she slowly started walking down from the stage before bolting like crazy towards the bathroom, pushing Mrs. Mayberry out of the way, slamming the door, pulling her dress out of the way, slamming her ass down on the toilet and finally letting loose with a thick stream of fast flowing freedom. She had never felt freer and had never felt better as she screamed out with joy before finally coming out of the bathroom and handed Mrs. Mayberry a roll of toilet paper. "Sorry but sometimes struggles for freedom will do that to people," she said as Mrs. Mayberry ran into the bathroom and slammed the door behind her.

Rosa strode confidently back up to the stage and took the podium again. "But actually I do have something more to say, and and I'll tell you nobody is free until they have the most basic freedom on earth, being free to pee!"

As Rosa stood up there in front of everybody the women who were still standing with their legs crossed began shouting and cheering louder than ever before.

As she continued smiling and watching the crowd cheering for her, she thought that sometimes revolutions really do begin in the most unlikely of places, she just hoped that in this instance they wouldn't run out of toilet paper before it was over.

