Maxwell's Diaper Dilema

Author: diarrheadiaps

*000*2018-09-11 04:15

Chapter 1 - A Long Coming Resolution

It was a peaceful Wednesday spring morning in the happy town of Greensville. Maxwell Brace woke up to a bright room, lit by the sunlight shining through his window. He was finally able to sleep late because of Spring Break finally starting. Maxwell's family had left the house so he was free to do whatever he wanted until they returned in 6 hours. Maxwell turned to see his alarm clock at 9:30, he then raised himself to sit up against his pillows to relax a bit more but he felt something weird in his pants. It was mushy and sticky. Maxwell's eyes widened as he bolted out of bed to find a plump bulge in the back of his pants as well as a massive wet stain dripping down to his ankles.

"Shit. Shit. Shit" Maxwell jumped around nervously as he checked the damage in his rear. As he saw the brown apocalypse that covered his behind like chocolate icing he immediately regretted having leftover sushi last night. Not only does normal sushi upset him but it was leftovers so that only means disaster. Maxwell ran to his bathroom and removed his pants and underwear with caution to keep the mushy diarrhea in the confines of the decimated fabric. He through them in a plastic bag he found in the cabinet as he hopped in the shower. Maxwell hastily rubbed around his genitals and ass to remove any trace of this accident. As he did this he got several sudden flashbacks...

He was standing in his room from a few years ago. He looked down to find his pants drenched with pee

A few years later cleaning up messy underwear and sheets stained with poop

Last year, the worst accident yet, in school, his underwear drenched, luckily he was able to get a backup pair of underwear from his gym locker but that time was too close for comfort.

Maxwell snapped back to the shower as he hopped out. As he picked up his messy garments and examined them once more before heading across the hall to the laundry room. He through the clothes in and set it to the highest setting with ass loads of soap. He contemplated a bit. He had a small contingency in his head for theses situations. They've been getting more frequent and each time harder to mask. The contingency was... diapers. He hated the thought but as his control worsened he realized it was his only hope.

"I don't need them now" Maxwell thought trying to avoid the thought of being a junior in high school and wearing diapers like some baby.

2 hours later - 12:45

Maxwell finished a nice lunch of homemade grilled cheese so he went up to his room to play a quick game of Overwatch before taking a nap. As Maxwell played he felt his ass clenching as he got more and more stressed during the game. A small waft of stinky air entered his nostrils but it did not distract him too much. The game ended, his team lost sadly but he had fun either way. As he get up he felt an all too familiar feeling in his pants a large dark wet spot covering his crotch was very apparent and an even greater and more solid lump in his backside soon came to his attention as well. He stripped once more and carried his clothes away from his body. as he walked, unbeknownst to him he continued to shit as thick logs splattered on the ground behind him. After a particularly large one left his butt he turned to see the trail. He had disappointment in his eyes as he knew what the next step was.

Maxwell sat on the toilet as he let the rest of his waste go, log after log and a stream of pee. He felt barely anything. He quickly wiped, flushed and washed his hands as he rushed out to his room get clothes. Once Maxwell was dressed he rushed out and hopped on his bike with his backpack. His stomach was filled with butterflies and nervousness with every pedal as he rushed over to the CVS a couple blocks away. He entered and walked around a bit, but not for too long to seem suspicious but not for too short to seem weird. Maxwell was having a mini panic attack as he surveyed the place for people he knows. Once cleared the aisles he made his way to the diaper aisles. He found the first thing he saw which was a pack of large Pull-Ups to hopefully accommodate for his small stature. He got some cash from his bag and made the transaction as quick as possible. He headed out as he stuffed the package into his bag and rushed back home.

He sat the package down on his bed and started to strip once more. He hated every second of this as he slowly wrapped a diaper around his waist. As he got up from the ground the diaper actually felt comfortable and snuggly. He couldn't help but feel a bit like a baby which he was surprised to find he enjoyed a bit, his dick getting slightly hard. In this realization of euphoria Maxwell started pissing and smiled as it happened, feeling the piss all in his diaper. Maxwell finished his pee to then open his closet and tuck his package in with the random bags and ill fitting clothes on the floor of his closet. He closed the doors and crawled into bed with pants over his diaper just in case thinking

"Maybe this wasn't such a bad idea after all" as he lulled asleep

To Be Continued in Chapter 2

Epilogue

Allison Dehart sat in the car waiting for her brother to return from the pizza restaurant.

Allison used to be the most popular girl in school. She had dyed fluorescent red hair, boobs and and ass that made any man fall to their knees and the personality of Jessica Rabbit. She once sat on top as the commanding force of the social pyramid in her grade. That all changed when she drank too much at a party where she then was coaxed into spouting her true feelings about everyone she knows which obviously landed her a ton of enemies and brought her way down on the social scale. For a while she dated a boy named Maxwell Brace but they broke up before anything serious happened. They're still mild acquaintances now, talking from time to time.

Allison looked out the window as she jammed to the music on the radio when she saw a familiar face rushing out of a nearby CVS, none other than Maxwell Brace. She looked closer to see him stuffing a package of what appeared to be Pull-Ups into his backpack. She found this odd because she hadn't heard anything about his family expecting another baby or anything. She decided to wait and ask him next week when they return to school, but still weird thoughts were lingering in her mind. Why does Maxwell Brace have a package of diapers?

(Author's Message: Hey! This is a story that has been brewing in my mind for a while. I read a lot of diaper stories and watch diaper porn and though most of it doesn't appeal to me I've noticed a lack of male driven diaper stories (though ABAlex on DeviantArt has some good ones!) so I decided to make my own! I hope you enjoy! There is no set schedule for release and there will be an especially weird gap between chapters here and there because of school and shit so just don't expect weekly, biweekly, etc. updates. Make sure to comment or reply (however this site works) any comments, ideas, questions, etc. for next chapter or upcoming chapters! I'd love to hear from you guys! Idk what else to say but see you in the next chapter!)

*002*2018-09-29 17:53

Chapter 2 - Dealing

Two days later….

SQUELCH!! BLOP!!!! GGGRRRBBBRLLTT!!!!

Maxwell woke up to a stomach destroying case of diarrhea suddenly that exploded out of him without any warning. He couldn’t stop it if he wanted to. For 5 more minutes his ass raged on expelling semi-solid waste that smelled of the unholy child of rotten milk and rotten eggs bathed in toxic waste created from pure garbage. Maxwell jumped out of bed to dispose of his anal chemical spill. He slipped the diaper off and threw it into a mini trash can he bought yesterday. Not only that but somehow within the span of two days Maxwell had fully lost his potty training and was scarily dependent on diapers. He soon realized that he had three diapers left which could just barely hold him out for today. He took one out of the package and wrapped it on and slid his clothes on over. He looked quickly at the noticeable but still noticeable bulge in his pants and giggled slightly.

“Max! Breakfast is ready!” Maxwell’s little sister Charlotte shouted from the kitchen downstairs.

“Coming!” Maxwell shouted breaking from his trance an rushing to the table for some homemade waffles. As he walked a slight crinkled was heard, he tried to mask it as much as possible.

As he ate with his sister and mom, a conversation was started much to Maxwell’s dismay.

“So you guys excited to go back to school tomorrow?” his mom asked

Maxwell completely forgot about school tomorrow. What the hell was he gonna do about the diapers? He can’t go without them but what if he gets caught? Thoughts rushed through his head a mile a minute but he tried to suppress them as he said

“I guess” with a nervous crack in his voice. Laughter broke out from his sister as Maxwell reached tried over to hit her but he couldn’t reach and he didn’t want his shirt to pull up and show the diaper.

After breakfast Maxwell headed back to his room to relax and watch youtube. He felt his diaper and it was cold and wet, he must’ve peed like 10 minutes ago without even realizing it. He couldn’t change now he had a limited supply left. Maxwell settled in a bit but after a few minutes he couldn’t take his mind off of the fact that he was running out of diapers. Even worse, how was he gonna sneak more in? Just then he had a brilliant idea.

Maxwell got shoes on and zoomed off to the CVS once more on his bike. He lied to his mom that he had to pick something up at the library (which was also in biking distance). He rushed in and found the same pack of diapers he bought a few days ago. Instead of buying it again he found another pack that had even more for barely anything more. Without thinking twice he bought them and rushed out feeling relieved and calm.

Maxwell stuffed the diapers next to his original pack and removed the liner of his mini trash can with several dirty diapers. He tiptoed through the house as his mom and sister were taking naps. He quietly disposed of the diapers in the trash and rushed back to his room. Maxwell touched around his diaper to find it to be soaked way more. He sat down and watched some Tv. He tried watching Daredevil on Netflix but he didn’t feel amused. He went to normal TV and accidentally stumbled on Paw Patrol reruns. For some reason he felt immersed. He couldn’t stop watching it

A few hours passed, Maxwell’s mom had to take his sister to dance and also do errands so Maxwell was alone by himself again.

Maxwell got up from his chair and undid his pants showing his moist diaper ready to tear. He slipped the diaper off and threw it into his trash can.

As he did this he felt a tingling in his lower regions as he started to pee without warning. He couldn’t stop as a powerful stream of pee flowed out. Maxwell’s knees were numb with pleasure and embarrassment that he went pee pee everywhere. A small log of poop plopped out seconds later finishing this accident.

Maxwell was terrified he hastily cleaned up the mess with spare rag towels that he threw into the wash after.

“What is wrong with me?’ Maxwell sighed as he sat down to collect his thoughts.

It was getting closer to nighttime and Maxwell needed to get ready for school tomorrow. He grabbed his stray binders and folders to stuff them in his bag but as he started putting everything in his phone buzzed. He checked to see it was from…

Allison Dehart.

Maxwell was puzzled

“We haven’t talked since last year, why the hell is the literal sexiest girl in school texting me?” Maxwell thought

He checked the text she wrote

“Hey. We gotta talk tmrw”

To Be Continued...

Epilogue

Alison Dehart sits in darkness. She is at her desk as she opens up her laptop. The light of the screen illuminates the room around her putting a box of tissues into view.

Alison opens Chrome, but not a normal tab.... an incognito tab

She types a few letters in and presses enter, she clicks on the first result

DiaperDoms.com

