The long way home

Author: DespMely

*000*2016-09-26 14:55

This is a story based on the idea by Ranpalan here:

$/33048-lets-trade-stories/

I hope I was able to do it justice!:)

If anybody has any other ideas for desp-focused scenarious, msg me:)

Hugs

„I can ´t believe you got us kicked out, Jess.“ Lauren complained, stepping from foot to foot in the street in front of the club.

“Yeah, especially right out of the toilet line! I really have to go-oh.” Megan agreed, turning the last word into a whine.

“Hey, how was I to know the bouncer was watching the toilets…all I wanted was to have a quick piss!” Jessica responded with a half-grin. “Speaking of which…lets go, I need to find an alley.”

The group began shuffling off down the street towards their apartment with Jessica in the lead, glancing around. “Ugh, you guys, hurry, I´m bursting.” She pushed a hand into her crotch for emphasis as she stopped to wait for the other girls following behind. “If that stupid bouncer just let me use the men´s….”

“You know, you didn´t have to have us all kicked out with you. We were perfectly happy waiting for our turn and we drank as much as you!” Sarah´s voice was forced and more than a bit angry as she walked, trying to press her legs together under her skirt as much as possible.

The six girls had been out drinking at a new club, enjoying themselves after finishing their exams at college for the semester. They´d been having fun with some quite nice and funny guys which lead to more drinks, and some full bladders which went ignored for a while until Sarah had announced her need and lead them all to the – predictably busy –girl´s restrooms. Still, the queue was only a dozen or so girls, and they´d be done within ten minutes, but of course Jessica, the eternal drama queen, had promptly declared herself unable to wait and made a bee-line for the men´s room, getting caught, and dragging them all with her as she got kicked out.

“If you´d just waited like everybody else we´d have been by now and be back with the guys!” Sarah continued, glaring at Jessica who was waiting for them at an alleyway, bouncing up and down holding herself.

“Yeah, yeah, stop whining, you´ll get a boyfriend soon enough.” Jess giggled, then groaned and started to open her jeans. “Now hurry and cover the entrance i´m gonna squat here before I pop!”

Hobbling a few steps into the alley before stopping and yanking down her pants and black lace panties, she quickly squatted and started peeing, clearly used to the act as she expertly positioned herself to let her strong stream arc between her feet.

“That’s really not fair, you get us kicked out of the toilet line and you get to pee!” Robin chimed in, glancing at her peeing friend and crossing her legs tightly at the sound.

“Space enough for two!” Jessica called with a relieved laugh, making Robin blush. She´d never be able to go outside, not after she´d completely failed at her only attempt at it years before in high school that ended in her classmates first catching her squatting and then seeing her in wet pants after she´d managed to pee all over them. No – she´d make it home. Just the sound of her friend peeing wasn´t helping.

“Are you quite done? Some of us want to get to a real toilet to go!” Megan called, fidgeting on the spot.

“Yeah, all done.” Jessica replied, wiping with a tissue from her purse and putting her jeans back on. “Anybody else need to go?” she giggled, winking at the others as she came out of the alley leaving a huge puddle behind. When nobody made any move to follow her example, she shrugged. “Suit yourself.”

The group started walking again, progress slow as several of the girls were limited to small steps that allowed them to keep their tights pressing and rubbing together.

“Are you going to be ok?” Lauren asked Anne as they brought up the rear. The two girls were best friends, testament to their similar nature – both shy, timid and composed, especially when compared to the more stereotypical, open college grad like Jess.

“Um….sure. I just like really need to use the bathroom.” Anne replied with a small blush, glancing over. Just the act of admitting her need, even to Lauren, took an effort.

“I know, me too. Can you believe Jess? First trying to use the boy´s toilet and then just squatting like that….” Lauren forced a little laugh, sharing and embarrassed look with Anne. “Come on lets hurry and keep up with the others.”

“I just want a toilet!” Megan whined, trying to walk faster as they made their way down another well-lit street toward the park. “I really have to peeeee.”

“Whining about it won´t make you need it less, you know” Sarah replied, exasperated.

“Yeah, and nobody´s stopping you there´s plenty of places to use!” Jessica chimed in, grinning at them in her usual, careless way.

“Easy for you to say, you´d probably have used the urinal showing all the guys your pussy!” Megan shot back, annoyed and angry.

“So, it got me laid before and I didn´t regret it!” Jessica laughed, as always impervious to criticism.

“Guys, I hate to interrupt but….isn´t there a public toilet around somewhere? I´m like seriously about to lose it here” Robin gasped, stopping for a moment to give her crotch a squeeze.

“You know there isn´t, they removed the ones from the park last year remember?” Sarah replied, crossing her legs tightly as they stopped at a light to cross the street. “Anywhere else open this late would be farther than the apartment.” She finished, sighed again as she felt her belt tight over her bulging bladder. Glancing at the others, she undid it and left it open, lessening the pressure a little. She´d always fancied herself the “grown up” of the group, and was determined not to let it slip now. Even if she was desperate.

As the light turned, they walked quickly across the street, entering the park, the main path through only dimly lit. Barely in, there was a loud gasp from Megan, followed by a low groan.

“Nonono ohhhh.”

Everybody paused to stare at her as she looked around frantically, hands buried in her crotch, running on the spot. Finally she spotted a flimsy low bush and started hobbling towards it, hiking up her knee-length skirt as she did. “I can´t hold it anymore!” she moaned, stopping behind the bush and squatting, barely managing to pull her thong aside as she started peeing.

“You could have done that earlier you know” Jessica giggled, watching her in amusement as the other four girls grimaced, crossing their legs and squirming heavily at the loud hissing sound.

“Oh bite me” Megan gasped with a long breath and a blissful smile as she emptied her strained bladder. Glancing down, she noticed her thong had become quite drenched in her rush to get behind the bush so she just pulled it back up with a deep blush and returned to the others. “Sorry but I couldn´t hold it a second longer!” She said, embarrassed.

“Fine but let´s hurry. I´m bursting too!” Robin said, starting off again down the path as fast as she could. She´d leaked a bit into her own panties as she was forced to listen to Megan relieve herself and wasn´t sure she´d be able to last much longer herself.

Following behind, Anne and Lauren were more hobbling than walking, each struggling with their own full bladders. “Could you do that?” Anne asked quietly with a blush. “Pee behind a bush like that, I mean.”

Lauren glanced over with a sigh. “I don´t know, i´ve never had to but…honestly I might have to. I´m really desperate, I don´t know if I can make it…” she admitted, blushing too.

“I know, let´s hope the best” Anne replied in a small voice, looking up ahead to check nobody was looking before giving her crotch a quick squeeze through her dress.

“At least that stopped your whining.” Sarah told Megan, trying not to think of her bursting bladder screaming for relief. If she´d been alone, she´d have done the same as her friend, probably long ago, but she was determined to see it through and keep true to her status in the group.

“Yeah sorry, I just had to go so bad and….” Megan started, looking over. “I probably don´t have to tell you, you must be bursting too!”

Sarah forced a smile “Yeah but I´ll be fine. Nothing I can´t handle.” Inwardly, she cringed at her words. She was no longer sure she could. But it felt good. The way the other girls looked up to her….It was only 10 more minutes, after all.

Five minutes later, Sarah knew she was in trouble. Her steps had become smaller and she was struggling to keep up with Robin who was still in the lead, one hand lodged between her legs, urging them on. “Come on hurry I have to go so bad!” she yelled back, stopping again briefly to wait for the others, squirming and bouncing on the spot.

“So do we!” was all Sarah could manage, stopping for a moment too and barely stopping herself from grabbing her own crotch. She pressed her legs together and bent over a bit until Anne and Lauren had come up behind the happily chatting Megan and Jessica, then waited a bit longer until they had passed. With a quick move, she opened the button of her pants and pulled the zipper down a quarter of the way, just enough to get it off her bulging bladder. Stiffling a groan of relief at the reduced pressure, she hurried after the other girls.

“I don´t think I can make it home” Lauren was just whispering, face red and struggling with the effort of keeping control of her bladder. Looking over at her friend, she saw that Anne was grimacing as if in pain, barely able to hobble along. “Are you…” she started, then gasped as she felt a long spurt soak into her underwear, making her stop and grab herself. “I can´t…Anne….help” she whimpered, twisting her legs together.

“Lets find a bush i´m gonna lose it” Anne replied, taking her friends hand and pulling her off the path toward a bush.

“I don´t know how….oh god i´m leaking!” Lauren moaned, spurt after spurt escaping her tired sphincter and soaking into her Victoria´s Secret panties.

“Come on hurry get your skirt up!” Anne said forcefully, pulling her friend behind the bush.

“Spread your legs about shoulder wide then squat and get your panties down….oh god i´m going!” she groaned, desperately hiking her dress up and in one smooth motion yanking down her panties and squatting as a forceful stream shot out of her, spraying straight down on the ground as she hovered in a high squat.

For a long moment, Lauren just stared at the other girl before the sound of her stream and another, long spurt from her own bladder forced her into movement. Frantically gathering her –thankfully not too tight – skirt up with one hand, she put her legs apart as she´d been told and was rewarded by a stream of hot pee straight through her panties.

“Oh god” she gasped and started to squat down, reaching for her panties with the other hand – and missed. She managed to just tug at them sideways, and then it was too late – her bladder was emptying itself in a violent waterfall into, and through her panties as she panted with relief, peeing for over a minute before her stream stopped and she felt herself blush fiercely as she realized she´d peed her panties – and all over one of her shoes as well.

“Oh no” she gasped, humiliated as she glanced over at Anne, who was smiling in relief, her own stream just dying down.

Anne looked at her friend, eyes going wide as she saw her dripping panties. “It´s OK Lauren, nobody else will know. Just be glad you didn´t wear jeans!” she giggled, wiping herself with a tissue and handing over the rest of the pack. “Just dry them off a bit so your skirt doesn´t stain until we reach home.”

After a few more minutes, they emerged from behind the bush blushing but relieved and hurried to catch up to the others.

Up ahead, Robin was still going as fast as she could, holding her pussy tight with one hand, followed by an equally frantic Sarah. As they finally reached the apartment building, Robin raced to the elevator and pressed the button, breaking into a pee dance in front of it. “Ohhhh hurry up I have to goooo. Please hurry hurry ohhhh” she moaned, little leaks gradually soaking into her underwear.

Just as the elevator arrived Sarah got there as well and they both got in, Robin stabbing the button desperately, still holding herself with the other hand.

Sarah glanced over as she crossed and uncrossed her legs incessantly, her own light blue bumhugger panties a sopping mess by now, the top of the spreading wet patch just showing where her zipper had opened from the dash to the building. She briefly wondered if she´d be able to reach the sole bathroom they shared first when Robin groaned loudly.

“Oh god i´m leaking oh dear I need the toilet!” she pushed both hands between her legs and hunched forward, shaking her bum violently before looking over to Sarah. “I´ll be as fast as I can but I gotta…” she broke off as the elevator arrived, letting go of her crotch as she ran to their door, frantically reaching for her keys. The back of her blue skirt suddenly skirt suddenly blossomed wet as she bent forward to open the door and a stream of pent-up pee escaped through her panties. With a shriek she grabbed herself again hard, managing to stop it as she opened the door, abandoning the key in the lock and dropping her purse as she flung herself into the toilet. As she slammed the door and turned she lost control, giving a loud moan as she lifted her skirt – now with wet patches front and back – and sat on the toilet, her pee splattering the floor and seat on the way.

Breathing hard from the almost orgasmic relief, she slid down her soaked blue bikini panties away and let her stream hit the toilet as she leaned back and moaned.

Outside, Sarah slowly approached the toilet door, pressing her legs together. As she reached it she glanced back to make sure she was alone and bent forward, slipping one hand into her undone jeans and grabbing herself, feeling her soaked panties.

“Robin please hurry!” she groaned, twisting her legs and sticking out her bum as she felt the spurts coming faster and longer, slowly soaking her pants as well. But Robin was still going, her stream falling into the toilet as she leaned back, smiling blissfully.

After a few more heartbeats, Sarah knew she was going to lose it. With an explosive gasp she hobbled away from the toilet and into the kitchen, sliding off her jeans with the free hand, leaving a trail of little drops of pee as she spurted uncontrollably. Not bothering with her soaked panties she turned and jumped on the kitchen sink, gasping and moaning as she emptied her bladder into it forcefully. The relief was so powerful she closed her eyes and arched her back, and only when she was empty did she open her eyes to see the other girls stand in the door, staring at her.

And Sarah blushed bright red.

