Vampires at the coffee shop

Author: Dimwitrolo

*000*2017-08-06 02:44

'You've heard the stories, right?'

'Hm? No, which ones?' I ask with a mouthful of food

'Vampires! On the streets! S-stalking young girls at night and sucking out their blood! L-like the old stories!'

'Gwen, you're mad if you believe that nonsense' I say, taking another bite out of toast. 'Just rumours and nonsense'

Gwen sighs and rests one hand on her hip. 'Alicia' she says. 'I don't really think it's vampires, but they're finding dead bodies in the street, dehydrated and wth two holes in their necks'

'Doesn't mean it's vampires' I mumble, spitting crumbs in her direction

'It means they're dead!' She shouts. 'Someone is killing people!'

'Gwen' I say, swallowing. 'You're going to be fine. You're going out in broad daylight. You don't need me to come with you to a job interview!'

Gwen slumps back down in her chair.

'Hmph. Well, when you turn up at my house tonight and I'm not there, don't be surprised when it turns out I'm-

'Gwen'

'what?'

'I'll go with you'

She smiles her thanks at me, and I cast a grin at her.

I've known Gwen for a good while now - and we're close friends. We met four years ago walking our dogs, started talking and what have you, and started walking our dogs at the same time. Then her dog died and we walked mine. Then my brother took his dog with him to uni so we just started hanging out. She's about the same age as me, but she's a little shorter than I am. Oh, and she's an albino. You know, pale white skin, white hair, red eyes. Her hair is cut short, into a bob, and she lets it hang over one eye. She wears a lot of black and grey, as if to draw contrast.

Today it's dark grey jeans, a white tee shirt and a black hoodie. We aren't leaving too soon, so she's not got her shoes on yet, but I know she'll be wearing her black converse shoes, as usual. For now she's sitting barefoot and wishing she'd bought a second pair of socks. She hadn't planned on staying the night, but time flies when you're with friends, and plans to leave at six quickly turn into 'oh I'll just sleep on the couch'.

I'm a bit less albino and a little more ginger. Irish dad, Scottish mum, I never had a choice. I'm quite freckley too, meaning I didn't do well on school playgrounds for a long while. I'm just thankful I didn't need glasses too. I'm told I've grown into it quite well now though - especially now mum doesn't make me wear it in pig tails so I have two ginger balls dangling off my head! No, now I wear it loose, and my hair seems to have thanked me for it by not being so much curly as wavy now. I let it flow down to my shoulders, and in return it doesn't curl up and humiliate me. Leading away from my hair, I've got mossy green eyes, a slim-ish build, and a slightly turned up nose that I'm very proud of. Gwen by comparison has quite a small frame, and a smile that could melt hearts. You know the type, tiny smile, lips closed and a look that seems shy. Probably because she is quite shy.

'So what's the job you're going for?' I ask her. I know what it is, but I also know she looks quite scared about that whole vampire thing. She's staring at the floor and wriggling her toes - I've known her long enough to know that means she's more than a little nervous

'o-oh, the one at that little coffee place down main road' she says, looking up. 'We've been there a few times'

'oh yeah - I know the one. They have that lovely vanilla coffee, don't they?'

'That's the one!' She says with a smile. The vanilla one is her favourite, too.

We've spent a decent amount of time there together - it's a nice little family run place, facing the pond in the little woods, almost exactly half way between my flat and her house - we met just outside, our dogs decided to get to know each other, so we decided to do the same. Then we got to know the coffee shop quite well. So after four years loyal service, when the owner needed new staff he asked both of us if we were interested in work. He told us he'd hire one of us, and now the interview is more of a formality than anything else.

'It'll be nice working there' I say to her. Gwen nods. 'It's nice and quiet, it's got lovely atmosphere, and the regulars are nice'

'Yeah' she says with a smile. 'We are'

I giggle and finish of my toast, wiping the crumbs off my hands and onto my plate. I offer to take her plate in (she finished a while ago) but she refuses and takes it herself. We head to the kitchen, put our plates on the side, and I take a carton of orange juice out the fridge.

'Want one?'

She nods. I pull a couple glasses out the cupboard and fill them. Then we both head to the front room and slump down on the sofa, careful not to spill them.

'So' I say, looking over. 'We've got a couple hours until your interview' I remind her. 'How could we pass the time?'

She smirks and kicks her feet up onto the sofa, resting them on my thigh

'You stop that!' She smirks at me. She glances over to my games rack. 'Smash brothers?'

'Sure!' I hop off the couch and grab the game. I switch on the console, slide in the disc, chuck Gwen a controller, throw myself back down, and that's us sorted for a few hours.

'I totally should have won that!' I protest, slamming back into the sofa. 'I was pressing A!'

'Didn't press it enough' Gwen laughs, casting me a smug grin.

'Maybe if Yoshi wasn't trash' I grumble, making excuses

'A bad workman blames his tools' Gwen smugs at me.

'Yeah well I blame Yoshi for being a bad workman' I grin at her. She's going into over smug, I better stop her. 'Rematch? No random choice this time'

'Sure!' She says, sitting up. 'Hey, what time is it really quickly?'

I glance around for a clock. I can't find one so I press the first button I can reach on my phone.

'It's like five, what time is the interview'

She gulps. 'F-five'

I can't hold back a sympathetic laugh. 'You've got ten minutes' I tell her. 'We better get going'

She jumps off the sofa and scrambles to get her shoes, and I get mine. She picks up her bag when she's done, gives her hair a quick brush in the mirror, and stands ready at the door. Meanwhile I can't find my other shoe.

'Alice! Hurry!'

'You go on ahead' I tell her - 'I need to get dressed'

'What!?'

'Dude, I'm in my comfy pants and I'm totally commando right now!'

She stands at the door whining. 'You'll be fine, they're just sweat pants!'

I look down at them and pull the waistband. Still commando, but they're fairly thick grey sweatpants. Not the ones that hug on your ankles either, these are the comfy ones that hang loose. I slap the waistband back in place and look at my top. Plain white tee. I could not look any lazier without being asleep. I look at Gwen who's swaying side to side and holding onto her bag with an urgent look in her eyes. I sigh and smile at her.

'Alright then, but you owe me a coffee'

She smiles and nods as I slide my feet into my trainers - comfy white ones I'd bought with the best of intentions to go running daily. So far I'm managing a weekly run to buy nachos and dips before movie nights. I sling on my red hoodie and pick the key up off the dresser. We head out the hallway and into the street. Gwen waits by the gate as I lock the door.

'Let's go' I say with a grin, and we head down the path.

It takes about ten minutes just to reach the dirt path into the woods, at which point Gwen knows she's late. We're walking quite quickly, not quite running but fast enough that I'm a little out of breath. The sweat pants almost make sense.

'Time, Alice?'

I pull out my phone and check the screen. 'Exactly five' I tell her, looking up. She recoils as if she's been hit by the words.

'Ah geez! Not a good start!'

'Not the best' I chuckle. 'Still, not too long now!'

She nods and we carry on. 'I really should have gone before we left'

'Don't worry about it Gwen' I say to her. 'Geoff's a nice guy, he won't mind if you're a little late'

'No!' she says. 'I mean to the toilet! I gotta go real bad!'

'Why didn't you go?' I ask

'I'm already late! I didn't have time!'

'Go when we get to the shop' I suggest. She nods.

'After the interview, of course....There, I can see the place now, we'll reach it in five minutes!'

We reach the shop, and Geoff's waiting for us inside - he even has two coffee's ready!

'So sorry I'm late!' Gwen says, stepping inside and taking her bag off her shoulder and looking quite flustered.

'I can not hire late staff' Geoff says, glaring at Gwen. I'm certain I hear her whimper.

A cold silence hangs in the air while Geoff stares at Gwen, who's running circles on the floor with her shoes. Geoff is a quite a tall, bald man with a face like steel and a thick East European accent. He looks like he could eat concrete, but he's a really nice guy. He makes the best coffee, and he personally arranges the flowers on every table.

Gwen looks at Geoff for a moment. He looks at her. A wide grin takes over his face

'Of course, I'm joking!' He laughs, grabbing Gwen by the shoulder and laughing. Gwen doesn't find it quite so funny at first, but she can't stop a little chuckle. 'Is not a problem!' He shouts, grinning. 'We are all late sometimes, yes? And you come here so much, of course I can forgive this!'

'Geoff!' Gwen laughs. 'Don't scare me like that! I almost thought you meant it!'

He pushes two coffees toward her and grins. 'I'll be over in a second' he smiles. 'These are on the house'

'Thanks!' Gwen smiles back, and we head to our usual table - the one with the view of the pond.

We sit down and take a sip. Vanilla - Geoff knows us too well.

'He had me for a minute there!' Gwen laughs. 'Should of known though, he'd never do that! Oh, I love Geoff!'

'Right? He had me going for a moment there too!' We laugh and drink our coffees, enjoying the view. The autumn evening sun isn't quite setting yet, but it's starting to cast long shadows and it'll look beautiful soon. While we're looking out the window Geoff makes his way over and pulls up a chair. I smile and nod my hello, and he returns it

'So! He begins. 'My wife insists I have interviews for all the applicants here, but of course I know you so well now is kind of not necessary. But you know how my wife is!' He says, grinning. 'A few questions then - do you speak English?'

Gwen casts him an exaggerated confused look. 'What...is...Inglis?'

'I'l put yes' Geoff says, laughing. 'Your name?'

'Her royal highness and empress of India, Gwen'

'I'll just out Gwen to save space' he says. 'What makes you want to work here?'

'I just really like being able to afford food' she says. Geoff laughs again

'You come here often enough that I know you must like it here, so one last question - what are your full bank details and PIN?'

Gwen laughs, Geoff smiles.

'Interview's done' he says. 'I'll try to make sure you are the one we hire'. He smiles again and stands up

'Oh, Geoff?' Gwen says before he can leave. Could I use the toilet real quick?'

'So sorry' he says. 'Toilet is completely blocked, I need to figure out why, and I might need to call someone over'

'Please?' Gwen pleads. 'It's really bad!'

Geoff sighs a friendly sign. 'Sorry Gwen, but the toilet is not working for any of us, and I don't want to make the mess worse'

'T-that's alright! I'm sure I'll manage' Gwen says. Geoff nods and disappears behind the counter

'short interview' I say, sipping at my coffee.

'Yeah' Gwen agrees. 'Figured it would be longer'

'I'm certain he knows you pretty well by now, we come here basically daily'

'Have you heard the stories about vampires?'

A third voice startles us - one of Geoff's daughters has come down and is at the counter. It's Victoria, the eldest. She's quite tall, pale skinned, and has straight black hair.

'hm?' Asks Gwen

'Vampires!' Repeats Victoria.

'Yeah!' Gwen says. 'I heard about that - See Alice, I told you!'

'That doesn't mean anything!' I sigh back at her. 'Probably just some murderer'

'Like that's any better' says Gwen

'I hear they are stalking after young women at night, I'm afraid to leave sometimes' Viktoria adds. 'Especially around here at this time of night...'

'Oh man, I know!' Gwen says, brushing her white hair to one side with her hand, the other hand between her legs. 'It's really kinda scary!'

Viktoria nods and I look to Gwen

'You don't think...' I say to Gwen, quietly

'what?'

I look over at Victoria. 'Pale skin, dark hair, red lips...'

'You mean Viktoria?'

I nod. 'Have you ever seen her in the day?'

'She works evening shifts' Gwen says. 'I've never seen her with Batman either, doesn't mean she's batman!'

'Gwen! She fits all the stereotypes! East European, tall, pretty'

'she is very pretty' Gwen confirms

'Come on! It's her! She's the vampire!'

'I thought you didn't believe in vampires'

'I don't...but if they are real, it's her!'

Gwen laughs at me. 'Come on, drink your coffee, I really need to...you know, go'

'Yeah, yeah' I smirk, taking a drink from my cup and putting it down empty. We pick up our cups and head to the counter. No-one's there yet, but we still shout 'goodbye' roughly in the direction of where we think they are. We head out the shop and make our way to Gwen's house.

The way to Gwen's is quite scenic. The pond reflects the evening sunlight nicely, the red and yellow leaves on the trees make for a beautiful backdrop, and you almost can't hear the road on the far side. The wind rustles the leaves gently, making a nice accompaniment to the gentle lapping of the water against the bank. Usually it doesn't have the soft moans of Gwen though, because usually she isn't desperate for the toilet when we go through here.

'You could stop and go behind a bush or something' I say to her. 'There's no-one here'

'you're here!' She says, leaning to one side and holding herself. 'A-and what about the vampire!'

'I'm the vampire and I don't care, go pee behind that tree stump!'

'Alice!'

'what?' I laugh. She doesn't answer. We keep walking through the path

It takes a short while to reach Gwen's house. It's the first house as you come out the woods. It used to belong to Gwen's parents, but then they passed it on to her and moved up north. They still help with the costs when she needs them too, but it's mostly her responsibility. She manages it pretty well

'Alice?'

'Y-you don't have my key do you?'

'You're kidding right?'

She laughs and looks down, her white hair covering her face again.

'N-no! It's still at yours, isn't it?'

I laugh. 'lets head back then!'

She whimpers and looks at the house. 'But I gotta pee!'

'The more we wait the worse it'll get'

'true...aww, it's getting dark....'

'Gwen, don't worry about it, there's not going to be any vampires on the way home!'

'You said it yourself Alice! About Viktoria!'

'Gwen, I was playing with you!' I remind her, but now that I think about it...no, it's nonsense. Viktoria's not a vampire, she's a part time waitress and barista. But now I can't get the idea out of my head...

'Alice?'

'Hm?'

'Lets go!'

We make our way down to my place again. The setting sun makes the sky a lovely shade of red to match the leaves around us. I might appreciate it more if Gwen wasn't moaning and wincing with each step. We pass the coffee shop, casting a wave at Geoff, who waves back from inside. By the time we reach my flat Gwen is hopping from foot to foot when ever we're stood still

'Sure you don't want to stay another night?'

Gwen tenses up and moans. She stands still, shudders, then looks back at me

'Y-yeah....I was about to say yes, but then.....'

She takes her hands away and reveals a small wet streak between her legs

'You didnt?' I say, stunned. She nods. 'I'll get a move on!'

I dash inside and look for the keys. They're sat on the table where we'd been eating earlier. I drop them into my pocket and rush back outside. Gwen's stood at the gate, swivelling side to side.

'Got them?' She asks - I nod. 'L-lets go then!'

We hurry back to the woods, rushing from my place the second time that day. Gwen moans with almost every step. I still can't believed she wet herself outside my place - she's not soaked or anything, but at her age she should be dry! As we walk into earshot of the pond she stops again, hands both pressed between her thighs

'A-Alicia?'

'What's up? Why did you stop?'

'I c-cant hold it!'

'What?'

'I-I think I'm gonna wet myself...'

'Hold on there, Gwen!' I say to her. 'No giving up yet!'

She nods back and looks at me, trying to push a smile. 'Y-yeah! I-I can make it!'

She steps forward a few more times and stops again

'I can't make it' she groans, bending over

'Pee just a little bit, then you can make it home' I suggest.

'No! That'd defeat the whole p-purpose!'

'Well stop and go behind a bush - there's one there'

She shudders again and I hear a gentle splatter behind her, the sound of water on dry leaves. She winces and looks at me with one eye.

'I pee'd!'

'See? Wasn't so bad?'

'It wasn't on purpose! L-lets just keep going...'

I smirk and we keep going, with a new fresh streak going down Gwen's right leg

We pass the coffee shop again, though this time the lights are off. It's only around seven, they wouldn't be in bed...in the autumn sun it's quite dark now though. The red sky is turning a darker purple as the sun begins to disappear.

'N-no lights...' Gwen says, nodding her head at the shop. 'You don't think they really are vampires? D-do you?'

'N-no!' I respond, but I think the stutter gave me away. 'M-maybe...'

Gwen smirks at me.

'Oh god I have to go sooo bad!'

'Hold it Gwen'

'Alicia?'

'Keep holding it'

'Alice...'

'Yeah?'

'I can't hold it!'

Our slow walk has ground to a slow shuffle, and with that last statement, a standstill. Gwen freezes on the spot again. The wind is still, the only sound is the gentle lapping of the pond....and now a trickle of water on dry leaves....

Gwen whimpers and I watch as some faintly yellow droplets run over her icy-white hands. It's a little hard to see in the dark, but a black patch forms around her hands in her jeans. A Soft white steam begins to emanate from inside her jeans in the cooling air, swirling around her crotch before rising and disipating. A soft breeze blows the steam toward me along with the telltale scent of fresh urine. Two tiny streams run off a crease in the denim on her ass, pouring loudly onto the floor.

Two more streams begin to run from inside the cuffs of her jeans, streaming over her ankles and into her shoes. A few more soft whimpers, and then a sigh as Gwen gives in. The subtle patter of small streams is overcome by a muffled hiss as Gwen lets go. Piss runs down the surface of her jeans, glistening in the late evening sun, before painting the fabric black. Steam begins to surround Gwen's body and rise up, while streams of fresh pee flow down into the grass and leaves. She lets her hands swing limp, flicking some drops from her finger tips. She looks up to me, tears in her eyes

'A-Alice, I'm wetting myself....'

'Just let it go' I tell her, watching mesmerised as my best friend has an accident in front of me. 'Not much else you can do'. She nods and sniffs, and relaxes her bladder. Her thin denim jeans can hardly hold back the rivers running down them, resulting in streams flowing straight out and onto the floor. Her converse shoes soak in a lot however, and they too glisten as pee runs over them - I can only assume her feet are soaked inside. Below her, the puddle begins to make mud in the dirt, flickering brown droplets up onto Gwen's shoes as streams of her pee crash into it. She moans as the initial embarrassment begins to give way to relief as Gwen realises that I'm the only one who can see her. She smiles her cute smile as she embraces the heat and begins to enjoy the warmth flowing over and down her legs. She runs one hand over her jeans in a way that she probably thinks is subtle, but I can't look away from the still soaking denim as more and more pee washes over it...

'This....this feels pretty good....' Gwen says as the hissing stops and pee stops running over her jeans. She looks at me, then away again - her eyes twitching around with embarrassment. I look at her and raise an eyebrow. She seems to catch it. 'I-I-It's really warm is what I m-mean! It's good because it's warm, not because it's aro-we should be going!'

'It looks good' I answer. She looks at me with a rais s eyebrow. 'You looked so relieved just then, I'm almost envious. Well, almost - the whole pissed jeans thing puts me off!'

'Oh, yeah, ha!' Gwen says, looking at the floor and swilling the puddle with her foot. 'It really was r-relieving...'

I smile at her. 'Come on, wet pants. Let's get you home'

'actually, Alice...'

'yeah?'

'I, umm...wanted to say something...'

She steps toward me. I think I know where this is going...

'Its, well, it's a little....'

She takes my hand in hers. It's a little wet, but if she's going to do what I think she is - if she's about to kiss me - then I'll let it slide...

'I think I feel it too' I whisper it to her. She smiles at me and steps closer, until my body is pressed up against hers.

'Y-you don't get it....' She says, leaning in. I close my eyes and lean toward her too....I can't believe I'm really doing this...

'Alice?'

'Yeah?' I whisper

She doesn't say anything else - she doesn't need to. She leans close to me, and I can feel the heat from her face. She wraps an arm around my neck and I wrap an arm around her waist. I press one leg between her two wet legs, soaking in some of the still warm liquid. She leans in closer and I feel her hair brush past my nose, as she goes in for it...Her lips land on my shoulder, and two sharp teeth bite into me. I feel myself go limp, and sleep takes over

I wake up, in my own bed. I open my eyes. Huh. Nothing unusual. I sit up in bed and look around. My bedroom door is open, and Gwen is asleep on my sofa, a thin line of drool running from her mouth to my pillow. I smile. It was a dream. I turn around and pull the covers off of me, slapping my feet onto the floor. I just have slept funny - I've got a sharp pain in the neck. I run my fingers over my neck and feel two strange lumps. Bugs bites maybe? I look over to Gwen, who is waking up slowly. I lumber out of bed and into the front room.

'morning, Gwen' I say, yawning as I walk in. I glance over her. Black hoodie, white shirt. Damp grey jeans.

Damp jeans, marks in my neck...it wasn't a dream was it?

'Uh, Alice?' Says Gwen, rubbing the back of her head. 'I've got some explaining to do...'

*005*2017-08-15 19:28

'Uh, Alice?' Says Gwen, rubbing the back of her head. 'I've got some explaining to do...'

I put the kettle back down and pick up two fresh cups of tea. Gwen's sat on the sofa looking sheepish and avoiding eye-contact with me - and not without good reason. She'd bit me. Now, for most people that would just be strange, but for Gwen it's so much more than strange. Here's what I can remember from last night:

We were going to stay for the night at her house after her interview at the coffee shop. We'd had a coffee, then we went to her place, but she'd forgot her key, so we came back to mine to get it. Then we went back to hers, and she wet herself on the way there. Then she bit me. Then I woke up in my house. Now I'm making tea for a vampire.

Gwen better have a good explanation.

I set the teas down on the coffee table in the front room, watching Gwen's every move. She shyly picks up her tea and clutches it with both hands, her fingers just poking out the sleeves of her hoodie. She still hasn't looked at me properly. She's barely moved since she woke up. She'd told me she'd explain things, but so far she's been quiet. She's been sat on my sofa - in her still wet jeans - and hoping I'll say something first so she doesn't have to. The stain on her jeans is still just about possible to make out, a few shades darker than the dry material, most notably around the end of the legs. Other than that she's taken off her shoes and socks, undone her hoodie, and she seems to be keeping her legs together as if to fight off the cold. Or maybe she just needs to pee again.

I, on the other hand, have gotten changed into my pyjamas from last night's clothes. From the muddy stains on my own red hoodie and grey sweatpants, I must have collapsed after she bit me, and something tells me I collapsed in a very specific fresh puddle. Because the mud smells like pee. So now I'm wearing my PJs - a set of light blue shorts and a white tee-shirt with a matching blue stripe around the middle. I sit on the arm-chair on the other side of my coffee table and pick up my own tea, going to hug my knees up to my chest before remembering I'm wearing my shorts and deciding against flashing Gwen. Not that she's even looking - she's still staring at the wispy steam rising from her tea cup, her white hair hanging over one eye.

Neither of us say anything.

She looks at me after a minute or two. Then she looks back at her tea, saying nothing.

I finish drinking my tea, putting the cup on the table when I'm done, saying nothing still. What can I say?

Gwen finishes her tea, but still holds onto the cup. She still isn't saying anything.

Gwen looks up, then back to the cup. Then at me again.

'Uh....can I use the loo?' she asks tentatively.

'You can tell me what on earth happened last night, Gwen' I answer. She swallows hard.

'W-well, we went to the coffee shop...'

'Gwen.'

'O-okay - I bit you. Last night, outside my house'. She looks at me as if she's given me a satisfactory explanation. I look back at her like she hasn't.

'A-and I'm also a vampire...' she adds on. I have to keep looking at her with a look that isn't happy with the explanation she's giving me to get more out of her. 'A-and I drank from you, and n-now you're a vampire...'

That bit caught my attention - I raise an eyebrow at her. 'Excuse me?'

'Y-you're a vampire too now...'

'Okay. What does that mean for me?'

'W-well' she say. 'F-first you'll grow fangs in about a week. Then you'll get a craving for blood. Then you'll have to drink from someone or you'll....'

'Die?'

'Y-yeah'

'Gee thanks' I say to her, leaning on one arm. 'Now I have to spend the rest of my life drinking out of people's necks. Great. Just what I wanted'

'W-well...' She says. 'If you do keep it up, you do get to live forever, and stay young...that's a plus...'

'But I have to kill people' I say to her. 'I don't want to kill people just so I can live forever!'

'Y-you don't have to kill them...you can just drink a little' she says, as if it'll make me feel better.

'And what, turn more people into vampires? Until everyone is a vampire?'

'Oh, no, no! Usually it does nothing, they just feel a bit woozy the next day. People don't usually become vampires...'

'So why have I?'

'I made you one'

Huh. I sit back in my chair while I make my mind up as to whether or not that's a good thing. I'm leaning towards no. Gwen's leaning to one side and then the other where she sits.

'C-can I use the toilet?'

'No - you can continue explaining this to me'

She wriggles in the chair and sits back. 'W-well, you'll need to drink once every two weeks to stay healthy, uh, you'll have to try and hide your fangs, otherwise just carry on as normal'

'Don't you have to stay out of sunlight?'

'Well, I do, but that's because I'm also an albino, ha...'

I don't respond to her laughing. I'm not feeling very funny about the whole thing.

'Uhh, do stay out of the sun though' she carries on. It'll drain your strength - the same way drinking blood restores it...L-look, I really need the loo-'

'How do I feed?'

'Can I go to the toilet first?'

'No - you can tell me how I feed'

She rests one leg over the other, resting her foot on the edge of the table, curling and uncurling her toes. 'Y-you bite someone, and then your fangs will take blood from them - they're kinda hollow' she says, opening her mouth and pointing at two rather sharp fangs in her mouth. I've know her a while now, and it only dawns on me now that I'd never seen inside her mouth until now. Only Gwen could make fangs look cute and innocent. 'See?' She mumbles, her mouth open and a finger on one fang. 'Thethe li'le holeth in your tooth will drink th' blood'. She takes her hand back out her mouth and wipes it on her hoodie. 'Try not to go for a major vein though if you don't want to kill your, erm, victim'

'victim' I repeat.

'Well what would you call them? C-can I use the loo, it's really rather-'

'Not yet'. She moans and looks at me pleadingly. I cross one leg over my other and lean back. 'Why are we back at my place?'

'W-well' she says, looking down. She doesn't look embarrassed so much as concerned. 'T-there were some people outside my house...'

'So? You could of pretended we were just drunk or something - me passed out and you having pissed-'

'N-no, not just people...there were three, I-I think, they were wearing leather dusters and wide brimmed hats...'

'Did you tell them the leather club was two blocks down?'

'They were vampire hunters'

I raise an eyebrow. 'Vampire hunters?'

'Yeah...remember the stories of vampires I told you about?'

'Oh right - You've attracted hunters because you killed a bunch of people, and now I'm a vampire too, so that mean-'

'No - I didn't kill anyone - there really is another vampire around - Alicia, I really need to-'

'More Vampires?'

'C-can I use the toilet?'

'No, you can tell me about this other vampire'

She holds one hand between her thighs and leans forward, then backwards after she realises she's putting pressure on her bladder. 'Uhh, I don't know anything about the other guy - and I really am a little scared about him...'

'Well now so am I - now that I know that - firstly, vampires are real, and secondly, there's a vampire that's scaring other vampires'

I look at her as she wriggles in her chair, pulling faces and trying to stifle moans. Usually I'd let her go, but usually I don't wake up as a different species with little miss Dracula. 'What happens if a vampire feeds off another vampire?'

'Err, nothing. One vampire doesn't get anything to drink, the other one gets two holes in them, and usually a little angry that they've been bitten - can I use-'

'Oh, just piss yourself again - I want to know about this other vampire, and about the hunters'

'Uhh, hn, I don't know anything about the v-vampire - hnn... - but I do know the hunters are pretty dangerous.

'How do you know that?'

'Hnn...L-look, Alicia, I really gotta - Hnn!'

'Gwen!'

'U-uh, they had - hmn - their have badges...with their rank, and the number of vampires they've-...' Gwen stops talking and leans forward, pressing into her crotch with both hands, wincing. She moans and a short lived hiss comes from somewhere behind her closed hands, and she gasps.

'Uhh, Alicia? I-I'm starting to leak!'

'Just hold on, Gwen - tell me about these hunters!'

'Uhh.....hnnng......'

She looks up and closes her eyes tightly, pressing harder into her groin with both hands. She gasps again and jumps to her feet, flicking her hands to either side, throwing one or two droplets onto my sofa.

'A-Alicia, I g-gotta....'

She stops again, bends over double in front of me, and grunts. She's stood with he feet facing inwards and her knees pressed together tightly. She shudders and tenses as a tiny bead makes it's way down her right leg under her jeans, leaving a thin black line as far as her knee.

'A-alice!...'

She tenses up again, gasps, and then tenses again. She breathes in deeply once more - I sit back and watch. She tenses a third time, losing a loud moan, and a burst of piss erupts out her tightly clenched hands - scattering droplets all in front of her, mostly landing on her feet, but a couple catch the edge of the coffee table. She moans again, this time a long, drawn out moan as her bladder takes control of itself and tightens, forcing out a long stream of pee, straight into her grey jeans for a second time. A black wet patch spreads around the creases in her jeans and to the sides, flooding outwards, over her skin and out of the fabric. She moans a third time, drops her hands, and relaxes her bladder, and stares at the floor.

'I c-can't hold it....' she moans, as if she needs to tell me - with her hands gone, she pees quite forcefully into her jeans, creating a hissing sound as it shoots out of her. Pee soaks down the front of the denim, making it glisten in the light from my flat, as it pours down her thighs, knees, and calves, before streaking down her ankles, down her feet, and into my carpet. With her legs pressed so tightly together, a stream flows directly between her thighs like a small river, cascading down and flowing off her knees, hitting the carpet with a loud patter. Drips flick off the floor and onto the leg of my coffee table and the front of my sofa, leaving dark spots on the chair's fabric.

At least she isn't wetting herself into my sofa - that sort of thing isn't easy to clean, I know that from experience. Gwen's breathing goes from fast and harsh to slow, calm and relaxed, as the once fierce pressure inside her dies down, the cause of the pressure having run down her legs and soaked into her jeans. I look at her face, which she's covering with one very wet hand - is she smiling? The other hand clings to her side, before she runs her fingers over the warm wet stain she's making. As she does, rivets of pee flicker over her fingers and onto the table. I swear I hear one more soft, satisfied moan from her, as the streams begins to die down, and the dripping falls silent. She breathes out a relaxed, happy sigh, and looks at me.

'Uh....I wet....um, I wet myself....'

'Yeah. I noticed'

She slumps back down into the sofa, looking relieved. 'Y-you made me do that...'

'Yeah. I figured if you're going to turn me into a vampire, I could turn you into someone who wets themselves'

She chuckles. 'S-so, are you into this too?'

'What?'

Her expression goes from relaxed and happy to suddenly concerned and a little embarrassed. 'Oh! I, uh, knew a guy, wh-who was into making people pee them- I knew a guy who was, uh, was into that s-sort of thing! Are- are you into it? N-not that I, uhh, I mean if you were - I m-mean, you aren't I guess, or-or you might wouldn't have sai-'

'Gwen.'

'Yeah?'

'The hunters'

'Oh' She seems a little let down. 'R-right, the hunters...(Oh I needed that!)...they have badges, right? E-each badge has their rank as a hunter, and the number of vampires they've killed.' She sits up again, running her toes against my carpet and splashing them in the waterlogged material. Well, pisslogged. 'These three had some high ranking badges'

'Huh' I say, sitting back. 'So you took us back here?'

*Bzzt!*

Gwen's mobile buzzes on the other end of the coffee table a couple time. She picks it up and unlocks it

'It's a text, f-from Geoff! I got the job!' She says, looking to me expecting me to celebrate with her. She looks a little disheartened when I don't. 'Umm, h-he wants me to start in an hour - c-can I borrow some pants?'

I look at her for a moment. She might be a vampire, and she might have turned me into a vampire. But the more I think about it, I realise she's still Gwen.

'Yeah, sure' I say to her after a brief pause. She seems pleased that I said yes and I'm not being totally antagonistic. 'I don't have any clean pants, but you can borrow my old work skirt if you want, I think I've got a shirt that goes with it

'And tights?'

'Oh yeah, gotta keep out of sunlight, right?'

'Well, I fed yesterday' she reminds me. 'But I am still an albino, so yes'

I pick her out my old work skirt - it's a grey pencil skirt, a little tight on me now - not that I'd ever admit that - but it's the right size for Gwen. I hand her a pair of black tights to go underneath, and a white shirt to go on top. She borrows a white set of underwear from me too - can't go to work commando on day one, it's impolite. I let her borrow a set of smart shoes too, even if they are a little big on her and she more hangs them off her feet than actually wears them. For myself I pick out a pair of blue jeans, a white long-sleeved shirt, and a red tee to go over that. I put on my canvas shoes too, red to match the shirt

'Were are you going?' Gwen asks

'Well, I'm not going to miss your first day at the coffee shop, am I?'

She smiles at me

'And also I have a ton more questions' I tell her. The smile sort of fades.

'Let's get going then' she says, and I grab my keys, and hand her hers.

We step out the door and make our way to the coffee shop.

