Omo War III: Desperate Times

Author: DaCoolCat

*000*2017-09-09 09:43

"In a world where North Korea has taken over the United States... (thank you, thank you. I'll be here all week) okay, maybe not. Alright, look. International affairs have gone to shit and all the greatest minds of the conquering kind have gotten their hands on pieces of a secret, new line of military hardware commissioned by the underground government and developed inside Japan. Apparently, these weapons are designed to wipe whole cities... not, technically, off the map and - uh, not clean either, but... um, how should I describe it?

Actually, just look outside a window. Civilians are pretty screwed. But there is still hope. The girl named Claire Cooke is the daughter of my good buddy, Lui, who, you already know, is the uhhh... that military guy. You know... remember something something high school? He's the guy who beat both the Air Force and Marine recruiters in arm wrestling while we were busily choking on our chunky chocolate milk. Ahh, good times. Anyway, be sure to keep her safe. You should find her (hopefully) at their house here (click the link). Why am I asking you to do this? Well, my oblivious friend... because she is immune.

Probably.

Maybe.

Probably not. Honestly, though, if there's to be any hope of taking measures against these new threats, you have to take initiative. I'll text you again once I've gotten a hold of an actual doctor or something (I am quite a famous and resourceful reporter, after all). We'll figure it out ourselves or, at least, that should be our mindset for now. Try not to trust any military compounds, my researches have yet to show that they're safe to our preferred degree. I mean, if it gets too dangerous out there then you two should just head into one and text me, we'll see if I can't 'Big Brother' the heck out of them.

Should they cut the godawful, slow-as-my-dead-pet-turtle-ass emergency internet for whatever reason(s), head on over here. It's a little bunker where there's a good chance of an internet connection and we shall meet like old friends and conduct anti-government acts of freedom fighting against the rest of humanity for the rest of our lives. The password is your favorite nickname in middle school, no space. Finally, in case you can't tell what a 19 year-old girl looks like, "Claire is a kind and funny orange-haired girl," according to her dad. I'll leave details on what you'll need to further look out for down below. We all knew this day would come, Albert, a day when all nations turn against the biggest powers of the world to get their fill of communism around the world. We just didn't know that it would happen like this."

DAY 1

"Uhm... so you my dad's friend?" Claire asks.

"More like, his other other friend," I said.

Claire is an average 5 feet 7 inches young lady with long, orange hair that does her face with the best justice. Her slightly pale complexion serves to highlight her dark eye makeup and her naturally wonderful pink lips. Her eyes are a dark shade of grey. She has a slim to average body figure in her black sweater and her baby blue jeans. She is wearing pink Vans.

Glad to see some teens haven't gone with the wind. Goddamn rappers, nowadays.

"Oh. Well, nice to meet you... umm, Uncle Al...?" She says as she hands me my phone after reading the text.

"Haha, actually, just call me Al."

She nods her head and ushers me in. My boots make a loud squelching on the wooden floor of the house before I realized what I was doing.

"Oh, God. Sorry about that," I say to her.

"Nah, it's okay. I saw the floods in the news. If you want, you could leave your shoes over here and I'll go grab a towel for you."

"Alright, thanks."

I take off my wet burgundy boots and yellow raincoat just as she comes back with a couple of brown shower towels.

"Ah, thanks."

"Yep, no problem. Oh, but you should hold up on wiping yourself down until you've taken a bath. I'll prepare one for you right now."

"Thank you, that'd be very kind."

"Just come upstairs when you're a little bit dryer, okay?" She says.

Five nights ago, the first bombs were dropped. Though the initial explosions ranged from sea to shining sea, there was absolutely zero casualty. There were the conspiracies at first: 'North Korea is challenging us,' 'the Syrians are attacking us,' 'Japan is invading us,' and etcetera. Ridiculous, I knew, but a World War is under way. Across the country, towns and cities suddenly started flooding themselves. Cries of desperation came first not from the people who were grossed out by the strange, pungent floods, but from millions of young women who were making them. It was way beyond anyone's comprehension.

The wettings, since then, have become endless. Yet, there has been no reports of a death by dehydration. The floods themselves aren't even that bad (aside from the smell), they were a foot high at most. But they have been effective in discouraging movements and taking out law enforcement. The government, this time, was not quick to take action as its workers were affected too. All people know now is that chemical warfare has taken a sharp and unexpected turn.

"Hah," I sigh briefly as I dip my whole body into the hot bath at once.

Since my house's plumbing has been busted for a while now and I couldn't call on anyone to fix it, this is my first actual bath in days!

I indulge myself for about ten minutes before deciding to seriously wash myself with a shower. Finally, I exit the bathroom. I walk downstairs and see Claire watching the news on the couch in the living room.

"Looks like the infected can't even stop themselves anymore," I say to her.

"Yeah, and it looks like the rain outside is making it even worse," she replies, looking out the kitchen's one window to the heavy pitter-patter in the darkness outside.

"Hey, by the way, I hope you don't mind me being here. I mean, I know, around your age, you can take care of yourself."

Claire smiles coyly as she puts a hand behind her head and looks at me with a playful, cocked eyebrow while she leans on the couch as if to say, oh yeah? Then what are you doing here?

"But, I have to listen to your dad's orders or else he won't invite me to the next crew hangout."

"Crew hangout? What are crew hangouts?"

"It's when the coolest people in the world get together for a couple of days and drink while sharing stories and hobbies and playing video games. It's all very fun and public."

She slightly frown at this.

Did I say something wrong?

"My dad still drinks?" She asks.

Oh, crap.

"Uhh, actually, that's more like me and the other guys. Your dad... he prefers the pool table. He's pretty good at it too, though the only reason why is because everyone else is usually drunk, haha."

"Oh, okay."

Whew. Good save, Albert, good save.

We continue chatting for a while, occasionally adjusting the volume of the TV to hear our own funny stories and laughter before eating teenage snacks for dinner, including Doritos and a thin slice of pineapple (really?) pizza. Soon, she starts to show me to an extra bedroom where I could sleep.

"And here's your blanket. Alright, if you need anything else, please keep quiet 'til morning because I will be sleeping," she says cheekily.

"What if I need to go to the bathroom and I'm scared?"

Claire laughs at this.

"Okay, okay. You would just walk to the bathroom because it's closer to you than my room. Are we done? I've gotta go change. I think I laughed so hard I might be infected."

"What, did you lose a bit of control there?"

She bites her lips as she bounces up and down a few times, one hand on the doorknob to the guest room and the other on her thigh, making its way to her crotch before she stops herself.

"No, but I'm about to, haha," she says.

*CRASH. The sound of glass breaking drains her face of some coloration and almost her bladder as I see a small wet patch appear and a streak slithering down her jeans.

Goosebumps threaten to show on my skin but I quickly brush it off. I have a kid to protect. Silently, I motion Claire to move behind me as I make my way through the door and near the stairs. Then, I hear voices.

"Eh, grab that right there. Grab any food you can find too. And bullets, like, for my Glock."

Shit, they have a gun?!

"Oh my gosh. I... I....." Claire whispers as her bladder completely fails under stress. With an arched back, her butt sticking out, and her legs crossed, the dam to the lake in her balloon of a bladder finally breaks. Her hands, though tightly gripping her lady parts, could not hold back the flood as a hot, golden stream of urine splits and fill up her cupped palms, coating her fingers that are digging into the darkest spot on her jeans and quickly moving on to the carpeted floor below, which is only after they darken her socks. I watch in suspense, waiting to see when or if it would even stop. Luckily, after what is about thirty seconds, it seems that what the text about her says was right. She could very well be immune (though not to normal urinary behaviors).

*Psshhh. "Mmmh... aaahh....." she sighs as she looks down with tears of relief(?) in her eyes. Her face is also flushed.

The scent of her sweet wee hits my nose. Strikingly, I'm not disgusted by it...? Because of the low temperature in the house, I could see a little bit of steam rising up from the soaked shadow under her.

"Hurry up, I'm going upstairs without you," one of the voices says.

I snap out of my weird trance and grab Claire by the wrist before taking her to the bathroom where I could remember seeing a window. I quietly close the door just seconds before I hear footsteps going up the stairs.

"Okay, Claire, grab whatever you need from here. I'm going to open the window in case they want to break into the bathroom, okay?" I say to her.

"W-wait, I think my dad keeps a gun in his bedroom," she says.

Damn it, why didn't I think to hide us in the bedroom?! Of fucking course Lui would have a gun hidden in there!

"Uuuhh, I'm so sorry... *sniff. I should've told you earlier."

"No, it's okay. It's my fault too. Anyway -"

*Click clack. The doorknob tries to turn but the door is locked.

"Hey, who's in here?" Shouts the voice that has came up from downstairs.

"Shh, he haven't made us out yet. Climb through the window, hurry," I say to Claire.

She nods briefly before climbing out onto the roof with two large towels. The rain has been reduced to a drizzle. I follow her out and close the window before we both drop to the ground and start running, me in my t-shirt and shorts and Claire in her black sweater and two tones of blue, saturated with pee pants.

What's up, guys? I hope you like my latest (and probably craziest) story on here. Let me know what you'd like to see in its future additions! Will they find someplace safe to stay? Can they only run because they cannot hide? Would you guys like for them to find some shoes which I totally forgot to give them before they jumped out the window but am now keeping this whole situation in the story anyway? See you next time on the next... Omo War III: Desperate Times!

$$

*003*2017-09-10 02:00

"Holy shit. So, anarchy's already set in, huh? Well, I'm glad to hear that you two are safe. Do you have any friends and/or family nearby? You should go to them if you do. Otherwise, just find a roof over your head for the night and come back to the house in the morning to see if they're gone. I still think you should hold off on going to one of the compounds for help. Riley (my assistant, in case you don't remember him from that odd visit on the 4th of July) went to Walmart to scavenge this morning and said he overheard a couple of ex-government people talking about how they suspect that some of the compounds have been overrun by gangs and maybe even cartels. It's an inconspicuous take-over for the isolated ones too. We can't do anything until we've got proper knowledge of what we're getting ourselves into, Albert. I'm taking this new lead out for a joyride, I'll text you once I've got something.

Hey, and also... keep the girl alive and healthy. You should watch both of your diets. We both know that the airborne bacteria or virus or whatever doesn't harm us but God knows what a large dose of infested shit will do to you. If you can't find any friends and/or family, text me and we'll go to my bunker."

DAY 2

The house is a completely mess. Glass cover areas in no particular pattern. Paintings, wine bottles, and other objects of clear value are missing. The fridge had been thoroughly rummaged through and was left open for us to see. I ask Claire to show me her father's gun upstairs and she couldn't, it is gone too. Claire, herself, isn't so hot, either (figuratively). Her beautiful orange hair had been wet for a while now because we couldn't find better shelter than under a large tree in a dip on the side of a road half a mile south of her house. Poor girl really looked uncomfortable throughout most of the night. Luckily, this area wasn't affected by the floods. I look at her face now and it seems like she's more determined than anything. Still, I somehow feel bad for her.

"It's okay, Claire. You did your best to follow my instructions last night so it would my fault that we couldn't stop them," I say to her.

"No, it's not your fault. One of them said he had a gun. I'm fine with us being alive," she replies.

Sensing that morals are a little bit low, I put an arm around her. She slightly raises her shoulders in surprise.

"Umm, Al...? I'm still standing in dirty jeans..." she says, blushing a little as she rubs her legs together to emphasize on what else happened last night.

"Huh? Oh, sorry. You probably want to change."

"Yeah, I probably should."

I remove my arm around her as she makes a brisk walk to her room before closing the door. I decide to take the time to explore the house a little further. In Lui's bedroom, I find: two long-sleeves, two t-shirts, and two pairs of cargo pants that are about my size in his closet and a bowie knife, a steel blue Armani watch, and a handful of photos of him, his friends, and his family inside a carefully carved out compartment-like hole under his bed. In the guest bedroom, I find: a box of tissues, a portable phone charger, and a red metallic water bottle. In the bathroom, I replace our used towels with fresh ones and find three rolls of toilet paper.

In the living room, I find only four plastic water bottles. In the kitchen, I find: a lighter, an open-tip peeler knife, a pair of scissors, a black metallic water bottle, three cups of instant noodles, and a roll of clear tape. Finally, in the garage, I find: a well-equipped tool kit, two hiking backpacks, two casquettes, two pairs of boots, and... a sawed-off shotgun behind the water heater! There's also a box of shells, as well.

This looks extremely illegal, but... goddamn it. I have to do a better job of protecting her from now on. If something like last night were to happen again...

"Hey, Al? I'm ready," Claire says, showing me that she's been following me around and packing somethings, too.

"Oh, nice."

Turns out she has her own backpack and doesn't need one of the hiking ones that I'd found. Looking at her, Claire is donning an entirely new outfit. She's wearing a black tank top underneath a black leather jacket and a pair of woodland camo pants. Her long, luscious orange hair is tied into a ponytail behind her head.

If I was 28 years younger and not your old man's friend... nah, my wife would still kill me.

I hand her some stuff and we decide to head out.

1 HOUR LATER

"Where are we going?" Claire asks.

"We're going to a friend of mine's house. His name is Solomon, Old Man Solomon. He's not that old, it's just a nickname. He's kind of like a... garage scientist but what he really does is work at a 76 gas station."

"Mhm."

"Don't worry, he's a reliable guy."

"Oh, I'm not worried. It's just..."

Claire suddenly stops to openly squeeze herself between her legs and bite her lips.

"I forgot to use the bathroom back at the house."

"What? Come on, Claiirrreeee."

"Look, I'm sorry, okay?" She says, smiling despite what happened last night. "I mean, I don't expect us to turn around and go home. I can hold it... for a while longer. I don't know if I'm immune to the stuff in the air but it does feel like its making me have to go even more."

"Well, I guess this time will be different," I say to her jokingly as she makes a pufferfish face before punching me in the arm.

30 MINUTES LATER

"Claire, just go in the bushes. Who's going to judge you?" I say to her.

"I'm NOT going in the bushes! I'm f-fine! I can hold it until we get there."

"Jesus, kid. There's a piss-pocalypse happening all across the United States and you're afraid to go potty outside?"

"I'm not afraid, *squeeze okay? And I'm not desperate."

Even if she say that, her body language is saying something else. Her steps would sometimes require her to cross a foot over to the other side, making her walk in a drunk-like pattern. On occasions, she would tip-toe and shiver, even though we're walking in fair weather.

Now I'm wishing she'd be more like other teenagers. This could be embarrassing.

30 MINUTES LATER

"A-are we there, y-yet?" Claire asks in a timid voice.

"No, uh, we've got a little more than a while to walk still."

"Uuuhhu," she suffers silently.

"?"

"U-um, uh, I said, "What are we d-doing at... Solomon's house?""

"Well, he has a pretty nice collection of books. In general, I mean. Like, I'm sure he has some novel series in there. But, mostly, based on my experience hanging out with him -"

"M-mhm."

"- I can say that most of his stuff is pretty random. Like, I picked out a book from one of his shelves once and guess what it was?"

"What?"

"'Cultural Anthropology'! Like, isn't that weird? And he'd actual read it. I tested him and everything. I guess when your daily job is simple, you've got more time to do your thing. Learn what you want to learn. Be happy with yourself in a different way, you know?"

At this point, I already know that Claire's hoping that I'd beg her to go pee already so that she could be like, fine, quit whining, you perv. I'll pee outside before inside my pants. I'm about to mess her up right now.

"And then there was this other book called... um, what was it...? Oh yeah, 'Oceanography'!" I say to her.

"H-huh?"

"This one I had a little more interest in because I'm an animal lover - fishies included. So I kept reading and reading, but it talked so little about the animals. It was all about the algae and water. Just waves after waves of mundane topics of conversation. I mean, who cares about how wet the Earth is or how much rainfall -"

"H-hey! I know what you're t-trying to d-do!" She exclaims.

"- I mean, think about it like this: if your bladder is an ocean and the ice caps are melting, what do you think Mother Nature is trying to say?"

"OKAY, I get it! I'll just go outside! I'll just go outside!" She says as she rushes her way to a couple bushes nearby.

"By the way, we're here," I say calmly.

"W-what?"

About a quarter mile down the road, I could see Old Man Solomon, who stands just outside his house to greet us.

"HEY, WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING HERE?" Old Man Solomon yells.

"I'VE COME TO EAT ALL YOUR FOOD."

"FUCK YOU. Hahaha, come here!"

I walk over with Claire hobbling behind me and starts to introduce them when suddenly...

"U-um, e-excuse me? C-can I use your b-b-bathroom? Please?! It's an emergencyyy." She says abruptly.

"Sorry, girl. My bathroom's broken," Solomon replies.

"H-huhh?!"

"Yeah, I've been digging a hole over there to make a porta-potty for myself but it'll take -"

"Here, just take this water bottle," I say to her as I hand her the empty plastic bottle.

Peering through a few stands of her orange hair that cover her face, she immediately blushes an autumn shade of red as she snatches the bottle and runs to the wilderness where, despite all her high-chin talk, she embarrasses herself.

"Eeekk!" Claire shrieks.

Not even having her pants out of the way, she starts to pee. Her right hand tries to cover her butt from behind but the damage is already done in a matter of seconds. Her left hand, holding onto the empty bottle, tries to pull down her pants. Finally, when she does it, she rips her white, pee-shaded panties out of the way and begins urinating at full force into the water bottle. Probably because she's not used to this, her wee starts to spray everywhere.

"Nooooo, stop! Please, stoooppp!" She says, adjusting her volume but not before turning even redder in the face.

On her camo pants are now several medium-sized streaks which run down to her knees before stopping as most of her urine pool on her butt or in her lap because of the way she's squatting and her pants' position. A little bit of pee manage to reach her black tank top whenever she leans forward without thinking. And she couldn't think anymore - not in that moment.

"Does - err, this happen a lot?" Solomon asks.

"I - um, think it will," I reply.

*006*2017-09-11 07:36

"Solomon? Ehh - alright. But only because you trust him, buddy. I would dial it back, though, if I was you. You know Solomon's a weird guy - smart, but unconventionally so. In any case, do NOT tell him about Claire's immunity. Oh, wait. You said that she wasn't totally immune? Ah, that is disappointing. You didn't say it to him though, right? The guy's ambitious but that doesn't make him a doctor. So, to summarize, all I'm going to say is: keep the dog on the leash. There might be a time when we'll need him. Moving on, there's been some news regarding the infected.

Apparently, several reports told of a cease in the 'flooding'. Pretty decent news, right? Well, here's the bad news. The infected girls seem to be going crazy. Nasty. Dirty. Horny. Some real hentai shit. Good God, man. They're out there fucking anybody they can get their hands on. It's insanity, damn it, but you know what to do (or NOT do). Don't give into it, Albert, that platinum blonde is not going to turn your love porn with a good story into a 5-page doujinshi!

On a more serious note, if you do happen to cross path with one, try not to kill her. For that person, she can (probably) still be cured. The limbic system is just being overloaded with a singular message from a whole colony of organic manipulation parasites. Yeah, that's right. Parasites - slightly bigger than my guesses with bacteria or virus. The gas and liquid were just byproducts of the hatching eggs, it turns out. So, to summarize this one: it's grosser than you think! Anyway, text me when you have more questions. You will."

DAY 3

After telling Solomon about our little adventure, he welcomed us with open arms into his home. He's got a lot of faith in his friends, more so than anyone would think just looking at him from the outside. Once inside his house, he showed us to each of our own sleeping area because, although he's got a lot of faith in his friends, he doesn't have a lot of stuff... well, except for food. The guy has a lot of food. We then had lunch and dinner together before Claire nearly peed herself again when Solomon said...

"By the way, when you're done, put this on."

"What... is this?" She asked.

"A diaper."

"W-wait, what?! I don't need diapers!"

"Look, you don't have to be embarrassed. Nobody is having a field day out there and you're better off than most of them... but you can't blame me for questioning your - uh, continence after what happened earlier."

"That w-wasn't my fault! I just wasn't used to 'doing it' out in the open. It's embarrassing..."

"So what if you have to go in the open again?"

"T-then I would."

"....."

"I swear! I don't need pull-ups!"

"Just put it on. We're going to go hit the gas station in the morning 'cause I need some help getting stuff back here."

I put my hand on one of Claire's sunken shoulders.

"It's for the best," I said to her as she glared at me.

"You're having a field day, aren't you?"

"I'm old, it's good for my health."

As of now, we're walking to the gas station, which is located on a vast field by an empty road. I look over to Claire (who is wearing her black leather jacket over a clean red tank top, a clean pair of black jeans, and a pair of boots) and she has quite the cute little angry look on her face. But even though it was fun messing with her, I decide to leave Claire alone for now. Teasing aside, she's probably been through enough. About half a mile away from the 76, Solomon suddenly kneels.

"Alright, Albert, take out your shotgun," he says.

"Are we expecting trouble here?" I ask.

"Better be safe than sorry. There was nothing in there from my last visit, but who knows now? If they're breaking into homes and shit, then I'm not taking any chances. I hope you remember your training."

He opens up his heavy-duty backpack to reveal a black gun case. From the corner of my eye, I could see Claire moving closer towards me.

"You kept that thing? Even after what happened?" I ask him.

"Yeah... honestly, it's been serving as a reminder. A bitter memory, but he....... look, if you know how to clean the insides... well, don't look at me like that, Albert, Teddy was a maniac."

"Yeah, but still -"

"No, no. There were never any 'buts' with that guy, he was clearly -"

"Who's Teddy?" Claire asks out of nowhere.

"Teddy was a friend," I say to her.

"Mhm, very 'was'," Solomon says. "Enough wasting time. I've got my P90. Albert, you've got your shotgun, so tell me how we're going to do this."

"Just run across and I'll cover you from the corner of the closest window."

"Jesus, okay. Let me ask Claire if she has any better idea."

"I'm serious. If you're really that paranoid, then spray some."

"Fine, but I better not get fucking shot."

There were a lot of unexplained things that I didn't want to talk about, but they were talked about anyway when I accidentally said, "Even after what Happened?" Claire may not be a little girl, but I need her trust in order to keep her safe. The truth is that I was in the Army for a little while with Lui before I stopped and became an editor for the company that my text buddy works at with my bachelor's degree in journalism. Meanwhile, Solomon had just quit his job at McDonald's and was spending all his money for the people who would take advantage of him. This is where Teddy comes in. Teddy was a -

*Kata-kata. "Gaaahhhhh!"

I look to see the idiot in front of me running across the pavement before I'm even in position, stopping once he reaches the other end of the convenience store. He swings his gun around for every click of a metronome and for a good 10 seconds before shouting back at me.

"Really?!"

"Hey, not my fault your dumb-ass ran out before I was ready," I say to him.

As he goes ahead inside the convenience store, from the corner of my eye, once again, I see Claire moving towards m- no, she's... dancing?

Goddamn it.

Claire catches my gaze and stills herself, pulling her hands out from deep inside her jeans' pockets and putting them straight down by her sides. She looks like a child who just got caught doing something bad. I could still see her knees bending a little.

"Claire, I know."

"What?" She says, blinking once.

This is so stupid.

"Let's go, there's a restroom inside the convenience store," I say to her.

Turning around, I could feel her mouth opening to a lack of words and her cheeks burning as she quietly follows me. Finally, inside the convenience store, we begin looting. The store was, surprisingly, only half empty on items. It seems like nobody else had the idea to check out the place. About 30 minutes in, I start to notice Claire's restlessness, quietly shifting around and trying to inconspicuously hold herself. Before I could get to her, she walks on over to me.

"Al, the restroom's flooded," she says.

"I know you don't want to hear this, but -"

"Actually, nevermind. Yeah, I don't want to hear it."

I shrug my shoulders and Claire goes to look at some magazines. 20 minutes later, Solomon speaks up.

"Hey, you guys ready to head out?"

"Yeah, I think," I reply.

"Well, hold the fuck on, actually. Let's eat brunch here to lighten our load so we can bring even more shit back."

To this comment, Claire perks up from her bent-legs stance and immediately looks at me with trouble in her eyes. She puts both her hands over her crotch and sways her hips and bottom to prove to me that she needs to go very urgently.

"Please, please, please, Al. I REALLY don't want to go inside my diaper!"

"You know what? Not having the courage to do something makes you less of an adult and more like a baby. You know you have to get used to it soon or else... it's the other stuff!" I say to her with an emphasis on the finality of my tone.

Claire moans and bites her lips as her hands grab at the waistband of her tank top and she dances in place. Sometimes I forget that she's a 19 year-old. Her body tips from side to side awkwardly as she struggles with her full bladder. She whines softly and, after a few seconds, she looks back at me with pleading eyes as if I could magically make her problem disappear. Even Claire's ponytail looks demoralized as it slinks low behind her head.

"Umm, I think I'm good here. We should leave before - uh, the floods get here."

"You're stupid, do you even hear yourself? It'd take a tsunami the size of your mom to flood where we are!"

"I'll give you props for that one. Can we go home, now? We're staying within an oasis on the sand sea of a World War, I'll be damned if this place stays safe."

"Alright, alright. You're the poet, you know what life is all about. Please, lead."

"Thank you."

With that, we start to head out while Claire...

"... Claire?"

I look over to where she is and Claire is standing turned around with her hands stuck between her legs, one hand reaching so far back that I could see all her fingers. Her butt slightly twitches with effort as her legs wrestle one another. Her upper body's leaned forward with tension as her head finally turns to see me. She immediately tries to get up, but not without making an embarrassment of herself, twisting and moaning. Her cheeks are clearly flushed. Without context, she'd look like she was enjoying herself.

"Claire."

"Y-yeah, I-I'm c-c-coming," she says timidly.

Walking out the door to Solomon, I see a young woman 20 feet away from him. Dressed in an immature, white oversized t-shirt and... pink baby booties, she wears her dark hair in two ponytails on the sides of her head. Her sultry face has a strange look in her eyes and her mouth drools... excitedly (?) when she sees us.

"What. The. Fuck...?" I say to no reply.

"Haaa~ ahhh~~ mhmmmmm~~~!" She moans out loud as she runs her eyes over to Claire, who just got out.

"H-huh? W-what?" Claire says, confused.

All of the sudden, the woman pulls up her t-shirt and reveals a soaking wet adult diaper! As if on cue, I instantly smell the excess of urine. Her diaper then expands slightly more due to the force of her powerful stream as she pees impossibly loudly into it and that pee could no longer be contained as it flows out from the leg-holes of her diaper. The yellowing of it is mesmerizing in an odd way... and then I hear Claire, as well.

"A-ahhh.....! O-oh, n-nooo... I'm wetting m-m-myssseeeeelf," she says louder than I would expect.

Her knees crash into one another as a soft *hissssss sounds within my ears. Her mouth opens as her eyes slightly closes, taking in the relief and, possibly, pleasure from peeing herself. Her hands makes a cute and futile attempt to cover her face from the embarrassment as Claire slowly drops to the ground. From the inside, her wee must have pushed past her diaper as it now moves to stain her inner thighs and jeans. In an unexpected motion, she suddenly clasp her legs together and starts grinding them.

"A-ahhh ~ hahhhhh ~~ mhmmmmm~~~!"

"....."

"....."

"... This doing anything for you?" I say to Solomon.

"... Well, if you mean weirding me out... then yes," he replies.

What's going on, guys? Thank you for the comments! Now, tell me your thoughts on oatmeal. Do you like Lionel Messi? Or do you want to see poop? And, also, is there anything else that you would like to see be added on into the story? Lend me your words!

*008*2017-09-11 10:18

Oh, yeah. I didn't notice that I've been lacking those descriptions! Also, I love oatmeal. Not as much as pee omo, but it's nice every now and then... you know, to eat your oatmeal while reading pee omo stories (I mean, what else could it be)?

*010*2017-09-11 20:07

Thanks!
