Sandra Wilton Horn Never has a Chance to Poop

Author: DerivativeWings

*000*2023-06-22 22:53

DISCLAIMER (That means you have to read this first!!)

This story is labeled with the [messing] tag, but allow me to warn you a second time just in case, reader. This is a Poo Desperation story, so read at your own peril if you do not enjoy that kind of thing. I feel I should clarify it is not a Messing story, though, even though I use that tag as the closest most effective warning. Characters may, in fact, mess themselves if they do not make it in time to the toilet, but the primary focus is on characters holding it in and struggling while not being able to find a bathroom or other suitable place of relief. If you are familiar with what kind of pee stories I write, this is that, but with pooping. There’s a fair bit of pee desperation too, but really if you can’t handle poop desperation and pooping this is probably not the right story for you.

Sandra Wilton Horn Never has a Chance to Poop (Before her exam)

Tags: Poop Desperation, Pee Desperation, Pooping, Pee Relief

”mmhhhggghh!”

Sandra Wilton Horn had to poop. Which you wouldn’t think was an issue, because she was currently sitting on a toilet. What was far less convenient was that fact that due to how backed up she was, Sandra’s body was just refusing to cooperate with her. She had been pushing for fifteen minutes now, and the despicable mass inside her still showed no sign of budging.

“mhph!”

A second push forces a dainty toot out of Sandra’s behind. She needed to do so much more, and this modest gas did not give her any relief. In fact, it only frustrated her. Sandra is about to go for a third push when she suddenly hears hurried knocking on the bathroom door.

“Hey! Are you done yet, I really need to use the toilet!” The voice outside is feminine, and more than a little worried-sounding.

“I might take a while, so you should probably go somewhere else!” The girl outside does not respond, but Sandra can still hear the gentle tapping of her feet against the hard floor.

It was exactly this kind situation that had made Sandra decide to hold off on pooping until she could do it away from home. She was visiting her parents over thanksgiving, together with a bit of her extended family. Sandra, her mother, her father, sister and sister’s girlfriend had all been sharing the home toilet for a few days now, so there wasn’t ever a lengthy enough window of opportunity for Sandra to try and relieve her encumbered bowels at home before there was someone waiting outside the door. It’s not like she really wanted to poop at campus either, but she had really wanted to go into her exams later today without the stomachache. She had chosen this toilet in particular since she’d thought it was in a somewhat secluded location. Well, apparently not secluded enough.

“All the other toilets I checked were occupied! Please!” There is a hint of panic in her voice. Sandra pushes one last time for good measure. Nothing, not even a squeaky fart. There was no way she would be able to focus now, anyway. No sense in keeping the desperate girl outside waiting. Sandra tears off a sheet of toilet paper and wipes both front and back exits. Her ass is clean as a whistle to begin with, so she’s not even sure why she bothers with the last one.

“Please! I’m really going to-” The girl’s frantic voice is drowned out by the sound of Sandra flushing the toilet. Sandra thinks she can hear a subdued whimper from outside and decides to hurry on out.

The girl immediately pushes Sandra to the side and barges inside the toilet. Sandra can hear the rustling of clothes and the tap-tap of the girl’s feet. Then, a heavy slam as she sits on the toilet, immediately followed by a torrent of liquid accentuated by heavy splashes. All completed by the girl’s euphoric moaning, Sandra isn’t even sure how it had been possible for her to get so desperate, given that toilets were generally quite available in the building and it was fairly early in the day. Maybe the girl had just missed an extremely-needed morning dump somehow? Sandra mostly envied the girl, though. She was doing the thing Sandra wanted most right now, and making it seem effortless.

Sandra left the bathroom, and started checking her watch. She had fifteen minutes before she had promised to meet up with her friends to study, then in two hours she would take her exam. There wasn’t much of a point in trying to relieve herself before meeting with her friends, fifteen minutes just wouldn’t be enough time to get her bowels moving, even if she could find an uncontested bathroom.

She heads off, while sending a text to her friends. “Going to the humanities building now. Meet up there?” Then adds “Or has anyone found a free room?”

As she’s walking, her friend Malin replies “Might be a little late sry sry”

Soon after, she gets a reply from Christie, her other study partner. “@ library, room L338. Meet up and wait for Molly there?”

Sandra sends “Okay be there in a minute.”, and changes course for the library. On her way, she notes a pretty significant queue for one of the toilets. Three students are lined up, which is really rare for campus. Usually, there are more than enough toilets to go around. Sandra shrugs and keeps on walking, she didn’t have time to try and use the toilet anyway before meeting with Christie and Malin.

She gets inside the small classroom, which she, Christie and Malin had reserved to study in last week. Christie is already there, sitting on a table and fiddling with her phone. She looks up when Sandra enters, and jumps off the table. “Hey.”

“Hiya. Did you see Malin’s message? Seems like she’ll be a bit. Maybe we can get some studying in before she shows up?”

“Yeah, we probably should. I tried to make sense of the chapter corresponding to our last seminar from Friday, I thought I understood it during the seminar but reading it over the weekend was a huge mess. You think we can look at that for a bit?”

Sandra absentmindedly strokes her stomach. “Sure!” She smiles, though it’s a little forced as she feels a mild cramp just then. “We can start there and see how much we’re able to get done from there.”

The two sit down, spending some time with the material for a while before another Malin message bzzts into their phones simultaneously.

“Holy SHIT guys I’m so sry been looking forever for a toilet and I’m going to WET myself!”

Sandra shoots Christie a worried look. “Do you think we can help her, Chris?”

She returns with a shrug, but she looks concerned. “I did see some bad queues all over campus on my way here. Maybe we can check the bathrooms here in the library? If they’re free we can tell her at least.”

The two head off and go down a floor to reach the library toilet. However, not only do they find a mammoth queue, they find Malin too. She is just two people into the queue, and engrossed in the most animated pee dance Sandra had ever seen. Malin was jumping around so much in that skirt Sandra worried she would flash someone her panties soon, or that she might have already.

“Malin-” Sandra extends a hand in an effort to get her attention, though she can’t help but glance down the long line of women and into the occupied restroom.

“Oh my god you guys I’m so sorry! I’ve looked everywhere for a free toilet but these queues are everywhere! I need to pee so badly that I’m going to explode if I don’t get to do it soon!” Malin is speaking rapidly, pee dance still in motion.

“Um-” Sandra looks down the queue again. It was not a peaceful procession. Many girls showed open signs of desperation, a few cupping their hands over their backsides making it very clear what some of them wanted to do. Malin would probably not have much luck cutting ahead.

“Okay. Shit geez guys.” Malin stomps her feet. “I’m actually not going to make it. Like, for real.” She glances around, then leans in to whisper something to Christie. Sandra can make out something like “…no-one else in there right…”.

Christie immediately starts leading Malin away, back towards the stairs and the booked room. “No time to explain, come along now.” Sandra doesn’t have much choice but to follow.

Malin is absolutely frantic on the way, twisting and grabbing herself. As they three are walking up the stairs, Sandra gets an accidental glimpse of Malin’s underwear. There might have been a wet spot, but she looked away instinctively and didn’t see much so maybe not. Either way, it was clear Malin was in dire straits.

Christie opens the door for Malin, and she rushes in. “Get in and close the door, hurry!” She shouts from the other end of the door as she fiddles with one of the windows overlooking the courtyard to get it open. Sandra hurries in, closing the door behind herself just in time for Malin to violently pull down her panties and straddle the window frame, ass hanging free outside. There is a near immediate sound of a thick stream of liquid pouring out of her and hitting the dry shrubbery and dirt a floor below.

“Hahhh man…” Malin’s face melts into a euphoric expression to match her noisy relief.

Sandra’s ears are burning. “Hey, what if someone sees you. You’re on full display out there!”

“Sorry… No way I can stop right now.” Malin takes a deep and happy breath as liquid continues to leave her. “Hoohhh sheesh, I’m really sorry you had to see this but I would be peeing on the floor right now if it wasn’t for this…”

Sandra suddenly realized Christie has turned around to face away from Malin, and does the same. It’s not like she could see much from where she was standing, but still. Giving her a small measure of privacy seemed right. Hopefully nobody outside noticed what was going on.

Sandra and Christie stand around awkwardly for a minute or so while Malin finishes her big pee. It does eventually taper off, and there doesn’t seem to been any kind of commotion outside so there’s hope Malin wasn’t noticed. Hopefully her behind wasn’t going to show up on the internet later.

“Any of you guys have paper?” Sandra doesn’t, and isn’t sure if she should be turning around yet. She wasn’t close enough to Malin that this kind of thing came naturally. “I gotcha.” Christie walks over to help her out.

Sandra waits a little longer before she has enough courage mustered to turn around. Malin is pulling up her panties just then, but luckily her skirt is covering her up. She gives a peppy look as Christie glances out the window. “We should move somewhere else. I don’t see anyone out there, but in case someone did see Malin just now I don’t think we should stick around and wait for trouble.”

“Yeah, that was probably illegal what I just did. Let’s find an empty table and get studying!” Sandra can’t help but be amazed but Malin’s apparent nonchalance. She throws one last glance at the window as the trio leave the room, and can’t help but imagine what it would be like to do what Malin just did. Well, in her case she would be dumping a much heavier payload. She blushes. Even if it was truly about to come out, she probably couldn’t muster the courage to do something like that.

The three find a table and get studying, making some good progress. Sandra is hopeful she’ll be able to remember some of this when the exam comes. Spending time with friends like this was a good way to distract from the nagging pressure and bloated feeling from inside, as well. She actually stops thinking about it entirely, until it returns with a vengeance. Sandra pauses in her workflow, and rubs her stomach. It was really acting up- “Guh.” Suddenly, a bad cramp. And something else, too. A sense of downwards momentum, starting somewhere deep within her and bubbling downwards in the direction of the only exit – her anus. She still has a fair bit of time before the exam starts. This might be her chance to finally be rid of her awful constipation.

“Guys, sorry.” Sandra rises from the table. I’m gonna have to call it quits right here, I’m actually quite desperate for the toilet myself so I really need to make sure I go use the restroom before the exam starts.”

Christie gives her a reassuring nod. “Eh, it’s no biggie. Do what you have to do. We’ll stay here a bit so if you have time after you can just come back here.”

Malin chimes in. “There are so many queues everywhere, so it’s probably a good idea to make sure you have enough time. I couldn’t find a free toilet aaanywhere, and I really tried.” Sandra gives her friends a thankful smile, and hurries off.

Time passes as Sandra searches for a free bathroom, or at least one with one that isn’t so long. She quickly checks the library toilet, but it’s as crowded as ever. Going outside the library into the neighboring building is the same, seven girls are lined up for a single-stall bathroom. She hurries outside into the slightly crisp winter air to check some of the other buildings. It couldn’t be this bad everywhere…

There were, in fact, queues everywhere. Sandra’s bowels were finally showing some kind of life after their long dormancy, and now there was nowhere to empty them out. The queues were mean-looking too, with several impatient-looking and even openly desperate girls for each of them. No wonder Malin hadn’t been able to find anything.

After her fifth scouted toilet yields nothing, Sandra decides to just bite the bullet and queue up. The pressure downstairs was starting to get intense. She needed to get to a bathroom as fast as possible now, and not just because she might miss her window of opportunity otherwise. She gets in line, waiting a few minutes behind another girl.

“Ugh.” Another cramp. More downwards movement. Sandra could actually feel something pushing towards her exit now. It felt heavy. She checks the time. The queue was moving at an absolutely glacial pace. She is now strongly considering asking the girl ahead if she could cut the line at this point. She didn’t seem too openly desperate, but there were girls further down the line who were more obvious about their needs. It felt kinda bad, Sandra might take a long time inside herself. How many would actually allow her to pass? Besides, it was embarrassing…

“Um, do you think I could cut ahead of you?” A girl behind Sandra taps her shoulders. She hadn’t noticed it, but people were lining up behind her even now. “I need to use the bathroom. I’m desperate.” The girl nervously steps in place. She’s tall, with long black hair, Sandra finds her appearance a little striking in the moment.

Giving up her spot seemed like a bad idea, as another ominous rumble passed through her stomach. “I, I don’t-”

BFRRT!

The girl behind suddenly has her ears turn pink, and her entire body tenses up at the unexpected fart. “Oh, I… E-excuse me!” Sandra catches a whiff as the fart dissipates and coughs. It had an earthy, mostly unpleasant scent that really seemed to call attention to their shared need.

“Go on ahead, take my place.” Sandra lets the embarrassed but thankful girl take her spot. It wasn’t because she felt particularly altruistic or selfless in that moment, but rather she was starting to realize this queue just wouldn’t cut it for her. It was barely moving, unlike the monster hiding inside her. She needed a place of relief, fast. Staying in this queue might very well cause her to miss her exam, or straight up shit herself if things kept moving downwards like they were. She catches another whiff of bad air, and her stomach grumbles once more. She needed to take more drastic measures.

Leaving the queue, she quickly pockets some paper towels from the nearby student cafeteria, then rushes off. She walks outside for a bit, and keeps going until she’s at the outskirts of the campus area. There’s a forest on a hill here, overlooking a small sports field. Sandra steels herself, then hurries into the forest. Her urge was rapidly getting worse and worse, to the point that she was keeping her buttocks covered with one hand while she looks for a well-hidden place off the beaten path. It’s getting so much worse. Sandra was panicking now, it actually felt like it was about to come out. She quickly dashes behind some trees and dry bushes, with barely enough time to check her surroundings before lowering her pants and panties in a single motion. With all of herself on full display, she quickly lowers herself into a squat while desperately hoping she’s as well-covered as she thinks she is.

A big fart escapes her before she’s even fully squatted down. She bites her lip in anticipation, much more would be coming along very soon. That’s what she thought, at least. But after that initial fart, there is nothing, no movement, not even any more gas. Seriously? She tries to get comfortable in her squat and then goes for a hefty push. Still nothing.

What kind of a sick joke was this? Was all that urgency from before just a stupid fart? Or had she just… missed her window? Sandra tries to push a second time, really straining. Her asshole was yawning open, which wasn’t exactly pleasant in the cold. She grunts angrily. She hadn’t come out in mother nature to be disappointed like this. The mountain of waste inside her needed to hurry on out, seriously. Before she even had the opportunity to go for a third push, though-

Sandra could hear the crunch of dry leaves and twigs. Someone was heading towards her in a hurry. She doesn’t even have the time to pull up her pants before a woman runs up to join her behind the trees.

“Ah!! Sorry, sorry, sorry! I didn’t realize you were there! I’m so sorry!” The woman, who seemed like a jogger, quickly turned around to face the other way. From her low squat, Sandra is given quite the suggestive view of the woman’s rather round and bouncy ass, since she was wearing such tight elastic pants.

Sandra yanks her panties and pants back on and stands up. “It’s all right. I’m already finished, anyway.”

The woman is still facing the other way. “Okay! Again, I am so sorry-” The jogger woman’s apology is cut short, as she all of a sudden lets out a tremendous fart. The jogger woman’s track pants are tight enough that Sandra thinks she could see her asscheeks tremble.

“I’m so sorry!! I’m desperate! Please, can you stand watch for me?”

“I guess-”

“Oh thank you thank you so much!” The jogger woman is already getting behind the bush and starting to undress. Sandra doesn’t even have time to step out of the bush before the woman is taking off her panties and starting to squat, which results in her getting another view the woman’s ass, tensed up and completely nude. Sandra quickly sidesteps to stand in front of the bush, facing away from the woman before she sees something else she’s not supposed to. Not a moment thereafter, several airy farts, accentuated by a moan of relief, and then completed by the crackling sound of a solid log sliding out of the woman’s bowels could be heard from behind the bush. After the first heavy thud, there is the trickling sound of a weak pee coupled with several more farts.

“Ooooh…! I was cutting it close like you can’t believe!” Another heavy thud. “I was seriously just about to fill my pants, running must’ve activated my stomach. Oh!” Another thud. Sandra hears a trickling stream into the grass as the woman starts to pee in earnest, followed by another, softer, thud. The woman breathes out a long and happy sigh.

Sandra’s stomach was as heavy as ever, and hearing this loud relief behind her made her full of envy. It seemed so easy, but when she tried herself nothing would come out. There is a final sigh of relief behind her as the jogger lady finishes her business. Then there’s a pause before she asks, bashfully “u-um, you wouldn’t happen to have some paper, would you?”

Sandra brings out the paper towel she’d brought. That one had been intended for her own outdoor dump. She looks at it for a brief moment. There was no way she would have enough time to go get more paper towels, then come back and relieve herself before the exam started. Her stomach was heavy as always, but also completely still. Even if she squatted down right here again after the woman left, chances that she would be able to push anything out in time seemed dim.

She hands the paper over. “Here.”

“Oh, thank you so much.” There is a rustle as the woman wipes herself. “I was really at my limit, I… I’m sorry you had to see that. If I hadn’t rushed into the bushes then and there I would’ve…”

“It’s alright.” Sandra would’ve traded her current state for that kind of urgency if she could. Well, she didn’t have paper anymore… Maybe she could’ve used leaves or something though. That sounded pretty terrible, but even that would still be an improvement to what she was experiencing today. Desperate to poop, but unable to push anything out with the time she had.

The jogger gets up and walks off. As soon as she’s out of the bushes, Sandra can hear her get back into her run. Presumably the woman is happy to leave this encounter behind. Sandra glances back to the left-behind pile of dung, partially covered by the paper. She feels she shouldn’t be looking at it at all, but for a few seconds she finds herself transfixed. It’s an impressively sizeable pile, several thick and long logs worth of poop. It was, well, it was exactly what was inside Sandra’s bowels right now and causing her such problems. This kind of pile is exactly what she would have left behind, right there, if her little excursion had gone according to plan.

She shakes her head, blushes and immediately looks away. This wasn’t right at all, she should just leave. The weight in her stomach really made her second-guess herself though, it always seemed like it would be easy or at least not impossible to empty herself until she actually tried, but… She really didn’t want to go into the test hall with these uncomfortable overstuffed bowels of hers. There was an unexpected twinge in her bladder too, maybe Malin’s emergency and hearing the woman pee just now had done work in that department. She hadn’t peed since she woke up, actually. But now she had no paper… She sighs and starts walking away. Maybe she could find a toilet to relieve her bladder before the exam, and if she got really lucky maybe something else would get knocked loose along the way. Either way, she needed to head back to the school building now if she wanted to have any time for that and not be late.

Sandra Wilton Horn Never has a Chance to Poop – First Chapter End

*004*2023-07-01 23:37

Sandra Wilton Horn Never Has a Chance to Poop (During her Exam)

Sandra’s stomach made it oh so difficult to focus on the exam. She had to fart again now, it almost felt like a mockery given how much time she had spent on the toilet this morning with no emissions whatsoever. There was that foreboding sense of sluggish movement behind the fart as well, which was absolutely terrifying now that she was stuck inside the exam hall for the foreseeable future.

She rubs her legs against each other. It was a little cold, but more than that she now also needed to pee quite badly. It wasn’t an emergency yet, she would surely make it through the exam but… Well, she still hadn’t peed all day. The whole thing just felt so stupid, she had been sitting on a toilet earlier this morning and she had even popped a squat in the forest. If it weren’t for her dreadful constipated bowels, she would surely have taken some opportunity to relief her bladder before the exam. But now she hadn’t, and she would suffer for it.

Sandra was slowly working her way through her exam. Luckily, her studying had paid off and most of what showed up as questions was familiar to her. The extra check-through she’d done with Christie came in handy too. The main issue was just how many questions there were on the test. They were pretty mean essay questions too, demanding full pages of answers. Sandra had been sitting down for about forty minutes now and she was only a quarter of the way through her exam. She had to pee pretty bad and she needed to fart even worse, so she was feeling pretty miserable squirming in her seat.

After making it through the fourth question, the tip of Sandra’s pencil snaps. A few clicks and presses later, and she realizes it’s out of lead. Just her luck. She gets up, walking down the exam hall towards the exam supervisor. As she does, she realizes she is not alone in her predicament. Dotted throughout the exam hall are several girls with pained expressions, rubbing their legs together and shifting in their seats. There’s at least a handful or so who are visibly desperate that Sandra can see on her walk, all focused on getting through the exam to presumably go relieve themselves after. Given the massive toilet queues all morning it make sense a few individuals other than Sandra would have needed to go into the exam without using the toilet, though… This morning had really been nuts. Sandra was vaguely aware of the fact that there had been some big parties and events around campus yesterday and the day before. Maybe this was the aftermath?

There’s a little queue when Sandra reaches the desk. Two test-takers ahead of her. First in line, a tall blonde girl with a ponytail. It was swaying back and forth violently from her stepping in place as she was making her case to the supervisor. “I’m serious! I have to piss like fifteen racehorses under a waterfall! There was never an opportunity to go before the exam.”

“I’m sorry, I really am. With the in the exam hall out of commission, there’s nothing I can do. If you truly can’t take it, you can hand in your exam now if you prefer.” The bathroom in the exam hall had been Sandra’s hope after this crazy morning. She hadn’t dared to hope she would have been able to poop there – it would have eaten too much of her exam time and she would likely have gotten disrupted by another student midway – but she could at least have used it to pee. To her dismay, she had quickly discovered that option was closed off to her. At this rate, she was genuinely starting to worry about her bladder. At least her stomach hadn’t been acting up too badly since her attempted outdoor poop, she did need to fart but she was pretty sure that was the only thing ready to come out of her backdoor.

“But then- I’m not even close to done! God bitching damn it. Is this even allowed?” The supervisor shrugs. “That’s a matter for the student union. I only know I’m not allowed to let you back inside if you leave.”

“God…! Urrfg! I’ll get through this!” She hurries away from the desk, walking briskly if stiffly.

The second girl ahead of Sandra was shorter, with long auburn hair that fell over her shoulders. She had an unassuming quiet quality about her, though Sandra could tell she was tense. “W-well, I was actually going to ask the same thing, so…” The girl seems unsure of what to say. “It’s really urgent. Um…” The girl lowers her voice. “I have to go n-number t-two. Are you sure there’s nothing you can…?”

“There really isn’t anything. Sorry. If you can’t hold it, hand in your exam and you can leave. Maybe they’ll book a re-sit or something soon due to the circumstances, but that’s not something I have any power over. I can’t promise you anything.”

“O-oh… I see, thank you.” The girl turns and leaves.

Sandra walks up to the desk. The exam super was a stern-looking woman, possibly a bit annoyed and uncomfortable to be the sole supervisor in charge of so many students. “I just need a lead. Zero point seven. Do you have any?” That wasn’t really true, Sandra “needed” at least two more things, but based on the previous two girls it didn’t seem like she would make any headway there.

“Oh, sure I-” The supervisor reaches for a cabinet but is briefly stopped in her tracks. She grunts as though she stubbed her toe or something, and then Sandra hears what sounds like an airy fart, muted by the supervisor’s chair. That might explain why she seemed so on edge. Maybe it was just that chair moving, though. The supervisor recovers, and takes out a box of leads.

“Will this do?”

“Yes, thank you.”

Sandra turns to walk back to her desk. Her seat is in the very back of the exam hall, so her wants to hurry up and get back so she can finish this ASAP. However, she gets caught behind the short girl from earlier who is walking much slower. Sandra could backtrack and go around the room to get to her desk, but doing that would be weird and probably not save much time anyway. Since Sandra couldn’t stare around the room much or else risk giving the appearance of trying to cheat, she didn’t have anywhere to look other than the girl’s back. The girl had one of the most impressive butts Sandra had ever seen. There was no other way to say it. She hadn’t really made note of it before due to the height difference as well as the fact that the girl was wearing a skirt, but the way she walked made it sway back and forth and well… With no other way to look Sandra couldn’t help but notice, that was all.

Another reason Sandra couldn’t help paying some mind to a random girl’s ass was, well… Sandra already knew she needed to poop, badly. There was a sense of shared urgency here, Sandra definitely hoped the girl would make it through the exam since an accident would be supremely embarrassing and difficult to hide. Sandra was also a little worried the girl might fart on her before they could return to their desks. Obviously, she didn’t want to be farted on most days, but before in the toilet queue she had realized… well it was embarrassing, but she had realized that hearing and smelling another girl’s farts seemed to raise her own urgency as well. Maybe it was like hearing trickling water when you were desperate to pee – actually she shouldn’t be thinking about that either, full bladder, right.

The end result of all this was, walking behind this girl was like standing in front of a loaded cannon. Sandra could imagine the clenched cheeks and strained hole hidden under that skirt and was ready to cover her nose if needed at a moment’s notice. The imagined imagery was not helping Sandra out much either, the fart that had been looming inside of her threatened to escape just as well if she wasn’t careful. “Mm…” She kills a groan as her bladder also pulses menacingly. Why were there no functional and free toilets anywhere? It wasn’t right that she should have to hold this much waste during an exam. She needed to pee, and poop!

There is a clacking sound of something dropping to the floor, and Sandra almost bumps into the girl ahead of her as she stops in her tracks. It seems she dropped something, maybe her pen? The girl bends down to get it, while softly whining at the added physical exertion. Sandra takes a step back as she realizes the true danger of the situation. The girl’s ass was now pointing directly at her from an angle.

The girl’s skirt hugged her contours in this pose, giving Sandra a clearer, if unwanted, view of her impressive asset. The girl’s leg trembled, and there was an ominous low grumble from her stomach. Sandra’s imagination ran unchecked with unwanted thoughts, images of the girl’s cheeks parted from the pose, and her exposed and straining exit hole. Sandra thought she could feel an additional pocket of air being pushed past thick walls of dung waste inside her own intestine, and she needed to fart oh so badly now. If the girl in front of her expelled any gas now, Sandra was sure she would do the same.

The girl was shaking, trying to reach for her dropped object without letting anything loose. She gasps, and Sandra is sure the end is nigh. There are no backdoor emissions. The girl stands up, readjusts her skirt, and moves on over towards her seat. Safe, for the moment. Sandra swallows nervously, remaining behind for a few seconds. She worried that breathing a sigh of relief or anything like that might be the start of a devastating chain reaction. With her stuffy bladder and pent-up gas, she practically felt like a balloon pumped full of air, ready to pop if she lowered her guard. Her stomach was bloated and hard and probably bulged out quite severely under her clothes, though it was impossible to say which portion of that was caused by gas, piss or poop. Though suffice it to say, Sandra had a surplus of all three at the moment.

She makes her way back to her seat, fresh lead loaded into her pencil. Only now does she notice that the short and bottom-heavy girl from before was sitting right in front of her, just a seat ahead. She definitely looks both tense and distressed as Sandra walks past her, though intently focused on her exam. Given the fact that she had openly and unambiguously revealed her need to the supervisor, Sandra was sure she had it bad. The girl probably wanted to finish the exam as soon as possible and get out of here – Sandra hoped she succeed. She hoped both of them would succeed, actually.

Sandra plopped down on her own chair, crossing one leg over the other. The gas pressure knocking on her encumbered anus had been rising for a while now, and it was definitely the worst of what she was dealing with at the moment despite her bladder also being too full. Relaxing now would definitely lead to a big fart. Sandra almost wanted to just let it happen just to get some kind of relief, but she worried that letting go that way might cause other kinds of leakage. She might lose control of her bladder temporarily if she let herself fart. Or worse, a fart might speed up the timetable of the ticking bomb that was her bowels. Sandra’s stomach was already making some ominous noises now and again. She gives it a few soothing strokes while keeping her legs crossed and cheeks clenched into the hard seat. God, it felt like a diamond blimp for how hard and pressurized it was right now…

Sandra has no choice but to keep grinding at her exam question by question while attempting to keep her body’s manifold needs at bay. She needed her mind focused and at least one hand available for writing, so the rest of her body was practically on autopilot doing its best to prevent any emissions or leakage. Her legs would constantly shift position under her seat, her asscheeks were at this point cramping from never relaxing on the hard seat.

She was sweating pretty bad too – all around she was just an uncomfortable and obviously severely bathroom-needy mess. She had found a good workflow at least, but progress was still agonizingly slow. She was perhaps forty percent done with the exam, though under ideal circumstances she would have wanted to spend some extra time at the end to review her answers. That definitely wasn’t happening this time, and in fact Sandra doubted she would be able to answer every question before she had to leave the exam hall. Her bladder was only getting fuller, and the double-team pressure attack against her ass and pussy were making it harder and harder to focus, never mind the rapidly approaching risk of spillover.

Sandra’s concentration is broken, not by her own body, but by the girl a seat ahead who suddenly lets rip a brassy fart powerful enough to cause her skirt to shift slightly. The girl groans pitifully while massaging her stomach. Suddenly, the girl let out a high-pitched shriek, alarming but still quiet enough that Sandra might’ve been the only one who heard it. The girl quickly grabs the paper bag she had been carrying fruit and snacks in and puts it under her bench. Then, she flips her skirt up and lowers her panties to her knees. Sandra is now getting a full view of the girl’s uncovered and exceptional ass, through the gap between the seat and back of her chair. Even more eye-catching was the fact that the her tensed and now fully exposed buttcheeks are unmistakably forced apart by the girthy head of a waste-snake. She groans again, full of despair. The girl was turtleheading as badly as Sandra could imagine.

Sandra could barely believe what she was seeing. She glances to both sides of the room, quickly. Because Sandra is in the very back, it seems she is the only one who realizes what is happening. She felt she should look away, but because of the shock she found herself transfixed. The girl scoots forwards while struggling to stop herself from pooping right onto the chair then and there. She brings the paper bag right under her rump and then-

The unique sound of a heavy object dropping into a rough paper bag. It was a familiar sound, you might hear it whenever you putting your wares into a bag after paying for your daily groceries. Sandra had never heard it in this particular context, however. Another dropping sound, this one somewhat muted compared to the first. The girl in front of Sandra stifles a pathetic moan, it sounds like the girl might be crying now.

Whether it’s from sheer relief, or utter humiliation, Sandra doesn’t know. Her heart rate quickens as she looks around again. Will anyone notice? Nobody seems to be coming. The pressure from her own stomach, bladder and behind all take the opportunity to remind her of her own troubles. Watching the girl relieve herself so openly certainly wasn’t doing her any favors, and Sandra feels that she has to fart again. She’s worried about making a loud noise, since that might attract attention towards the pooping girl in front of her. However, when she sees a third log briefly pass in the space between the girl’s behind and the paper bag below, holding it in becomes too unbearable. Sandra shifts her butt to the side tried to let it out quietly.

It comes out with a thunderous sound, at least in Sandra’s mind. It is a rough, serrated-sounding kind of fart. As part of releasing it, Sandra feels a few drops of pee attempt to escape her overburdened bladder as well. She holds fast, limiting the damage as best she can while still in the process of her loud discharge. The girl in front of Sandra immediately tenses up at the violent sound, dropping the paper bag to the floor. Luckily she did not spill its contents. The girl then immediately yanks her panties up again before skootching back into her chair. She bends down to fold over the top of the bag, closing it. As she does, she lets out another fart and a moan. Sandra hopes she was able to mostly finish… and that her butt didn’t get too dirty. It would still be a while before the test ends so hopefully the girl would be able to hold on until the end now that she had gotten some relief.

Sandra, too, was relieved to have finally let something out. There was no longer any gas pressed right against her ass, though her bowels felt just as heavy as ever and there was sure to be more on the way. Her need to pee was reaching perilous heights, however, either due to the false start in her underwear just now or because it really was just getting that full. She was ready to let out a gusher, and as she desperately kept rushing through the exam as best she could she was seriously starting to consider emergency relief of some kind so she could keep going. She had brought a water bottle with her, but it was rather small at 250 ml. Sandra wasn’t sure how much wastewater was inside her at the moment, but it was definitely much more than that.

She reaches for the bottle, gets it a little closer. Could she do it? The girl in front of her had, seemingly, just gotten away with taking a fat dump in the middle of the exam hall. And Sandra was in the very back of the room with her back to the wall. Maybe if she just got partial relief she could make it through the entire exam? She puts her pencil down. She was a little over halfway done with her exam. If she handed it in now, could feasibly get a passing grade though the odds would be stacked against her. Slowly, she scoots forward and lowers her pants to expose her underwear. Sandra’s cheeks are burning as she spreads her legs and slides her panties aside to fully reveal her pussy and trembling pee-hole. She places the lip of the flask against it, parting hers in the process.

Now she just needed to release, which was easier said than done. This kind of risky scenario was not doing her nerves any favors, and Sandra worried that her pee stream would make a lot of noise and bust her immediately. Now that she was getting ready to release, she was acutely aware of the fact that her stream was either going to be full blast or nothing, with no in-between. The immense pressure right between her bladder and pee-hole told her as much. Furthermore, she needed to be ready to cut off her stream partway as the receiving container was surely too small for her. And to top it all off, she needed to fart again. She was trying to relax one end while keeping the other shut and it was proving challenging.

Her efforts are cut short by an unexpected release of gas, but it’s not her own. The girl ahead of her lets out two hard farts in rapid succession and moans in distress. Clearly her stomach had not been fully emptied, at least not of gas. Someone further down the room coughs, but that’s the end of it. Sandra’s ears go red alongside her entire face, and she scrambles to get herself decent again. Bursting bladder or not, she just couldn’t do it. It was too mortifying, too risky, and her body was not cooperating with her. She would just have to push on with the exam as far as she could manage in her current state.

Sandra tries and works hard for the next couple dozen minutes, and she keeps making headway to the best of her abilities. The issue was, more and more of her mental energy was being rerouted away from the test and towards managing her bathroom needs. She was hitting a wall, soon she would reach the point where she wouldn’t be able to keep writing even if she didn’t immediately also explode in her chair. Though that too was a very real risk at this rate. She steeled herself, if she could push through one more question she would have pretty good odds at a passing grade. Assuming she’d done as well as she’d hoped so far. Maybe. Probably. She was genuinely going to piss her panties if she kept going after that, so that had to be the end of it.

That’s when she hears it. From somewhere in the exam hall, the unmistakable sound of running water. Sandra double-crosses her legs as she winces at the sudden auditory stimuli. While the source was not something Sandra could pinpoint the sound came to her clearly. Sandra could guess what might be causing it based on everything that had been happening today, though she really didn’t want to think about it. Her own bladder was revolting, liquid banging against its distended walls in all directions. She felt an indescribable sensation around her navel, and shudders and shivers were wracking her entire body. Focusing on her exam while this sound played was not an option, and half a minute later she realized she needed to get out, now. It was that or wet herself.

She grabs all of her things, and hurries on over to the exam supervisor to hand in her papers. She scurries with a hand between her legs, stepping in place as she half-runs to the desk. Embarrassing for sure, but highly necessary. The liquid stream keeps going all throughout, tormenting her as she ways for the supervisor to absentmindedly flip through the pages of her increasingly illegible scrawl. Sandra practically throws her ID at the lady when it’s requested, then whimpers as she needs to bend over slightly to pick it up again. She needed out, out, out.

On her way out, Sandra finally spots the source of the sound. A few rows down the exit, the tall girl from before is noisily filling a 2L water bottle, her yellow waterfall mixing with the drinking water inside. She is in no way indiscreet. All around her are girls doing their best to avert their gaze while she does her business, and even from here Sandra can see she is red-faced, crying, breathing heavily with her whole body. The angle Sandra gets as she exits is as perfect as it is unfortunate, hiding absolutely nothing. Sandra can see the stream as it exits and shoots into the bottle, she can see the girl’s trimmed nethers parted as they are to accommodate the constant flow of water. She can even see the girl’s underwear, stretched out between her parted thighs and marked with a substantial wet spot. Sandra is frozen in place for a moment, staring, before hurrying out the door as quickly as she can manage and closing it behind her.

Sandra felt heavy. There was no other way to put it. Her stomach was bloated as a result of her full bowels, and her bladder was bulging out and hard on top of that. She felt like some kind of overpressure storage container, creaking and straining under a load she was never meant to carry. All the campus toilets Sandra walked past on her way out were just as crowded as before, and now there were tons of students outside as well as part of some kind of sports event. Sandra needed to pee, her bladder felt like it was going to explode and while she wasn’t leaking, she felt that she might have a full-on accident soon anyway. Her filled-to-capacity bowels needed relief too, once again she felt something descending and pressure was mounting, though at this point it was impossible to know if it was another false alarm. But it was becoming increasingly clear that there weren’t any places of relief on campus whatsoever. And Sandra Wilton Horn was bursting for a toilet.

Sandra Wilton Horn Never has a Chance to Poop - Second Chapter End

*007*2023-07-10 01:06

Sandra Wilton Horn Never Has a Chance to Poop (At Home)

Sandra was pedaling for dear life. Her parents’ home was just fifteen minutes away from campus while on bike, though those minutes really needed to go faster. She had made up her mind as soon as she exited the exam hall to see the same queues as always. Sandra needed to use the toilet, and she was going to do it at home. A lot of relatives were staying at her parent’s place right now which had made that tricky in the past, but as far as she knew everyone would be away right now since it was still relatively early in the game. There had been talk of some family activity Sandra hadn’t been able to attend due to the exam. Sandra might have the toilet all to herself, finally with enough time to be able to take care of everything.

But, she needed to make it home first. She was grinding against the seat of her bike for all she was worth in an effort to somehow keep herself plugged up. The cold was not helping either, chill air was rushing against her body as she biked for dear life. It was torture, plain and simple. Sandra needed a place to release her pee, it had to come out so badly, her stomach hurt and she wasn’t sure if that was her tearing-at-the-seams bladder or clogged-to-hell-and-back bowels. There was something pushing against her anus, maybe a fart again, but Sandra was afraid to try to let it out as that may very well cause her to start peeing into her seat then and there.

After a hellish bike trip, Sandra finally arrives at her parent’s flat. She rushes up the stairs, holding on for dear life, before getting to the third floor. The door was locked, theoretically a good sign nobody home meant the toilet was free, but now it was just another obstacle. After frantically fumbling with her keys she finally manages to throw the door to the apartment open, not even bothering to retrieve them afterwards or even close the door. She rushes through the hallway, then the kitchen, hands jammed between her legs to prevent her bladder from having its way for the remaining seconds of her frenetic final stretch. Sandra is pulling her pants down before she has even entered the bathroom, and practically throws herself backwards onto the toilet as soon as she’s inside.

The first thing to release is not her bladder, but two consecutive farts which blast right out of her. They reverberate inside the toilet bowl while firing recoil into Sandra’s body, giving her both a sensation of relief from the passed gas, as well as equally painful protestations from her neglected and now agitated bladder. Immediately thereafter, however, it is the front cannon that starts blasting out her long-held waters. Sandra moans with deep pleasure as she is finally able to relax and relieve herself, releasing more errant farts without interrupting her strong pee stream.

Oh it felt heavenly. Sandra just sat there basking in the glory of it all, letting her body do all that it needed to do in the right place for it. It just came out and out and out with no end in sight, and was only interrupted once by a particularly violent fart, causing Sandra to wince and moan before resuming her such-needed piss.

Once her pee is over, Sandra tries to push. Nothing comes out, not even gas. However, there is some kind of movement happening deep within her, Sandra is sure. She pushes again, straining. Once more, gas slips past whatever behemoth has her all clogged up and trumpets out into the toilet below. She was in for the long haul, but Sandra was resolved to get this over with after her miserable attempts at school.

Five minutes of pushing and straining later, and still nothing solid was leaving her. Sandra sat on the toilet, panting from exertion before going for another powerful push. Things were happening, even though nothing like her desired results had manifested as of yet. Sandra could definitely feel things moving on the inside, though at a dishearteningly glacial pace. There was nothing to it but to keep trying, and trying. Trying, and finally her efforts were yielding results. Something is descending, the terrible heaviness contained within her bowels finally moving down towards her anus and freedom. It did not come freely though, every inch took its toll in sweat. But she was finally getting there, just a few more solid pushes and…!

It was then that Sandra heard the front door being opened, and footsteps in the hall. Someone was coming home. She awkwardly gets off the toilet to properly lock the door, since she had been too hurried to do so when she entered. Because she hasn’t wiped yet, she can’t pull her underclothes back on so she has to waddle over there and then back to the toilet again butt-naked.

The beast inside Sandra had receded due to the disruption, but Sandra was not going to be deterred from round two. However, while Sandra was getting comfortable on the toilet again to get back into her pooping groove, there is all of a sudden even more activity from outside. Someone hurries through the same path through the apartment Sandra had rushed when she came home, before finally ending with a forceful grab of the bathroom door handle, rattling it.

She shouts “Occupied!”. This was the last thing Sandra needed right now, she had really hoped she would have the bathroom to herself for a while.

“Oh, please please please come out I need to toilet so baaddd!!” The voice belonged to Sandra’s cousin Chloe. She sounded absolutely frantic, and Sandra could hear stepping in place outside.

“Sandra, please hurry if you can. Chloe is having an emergency.” The other voice, her aunt Anelie, was far more composed though tinged with worry. “We’ve been stuck in traffic. She really needs to use the toilet now.” The last word is especially emphasized.

Sandra sighs while wiping herself up as quickly as she can. Clearly, she wasn’t going to relieve her leaden bowels at this rate. Even if she could miraculously start pooping right this instant, that would likely spell Chloe’s doom given how much she was whining out there.

“I’m peeing I’m peeing I’m peeing hurry hurry hurryyyy!” Sandra opens the door and immediately gets pushed past by her cousin, who starts fiddling with her dress without even waiting for Sandra to leave. Sandra quickly exits the bathroom and closes the door behind her.

Through the door, Sandra can still hear Chloe’s muffled moans and the sound of her zipper as she steps on the floor. Chloe must’ve practically thrown herself onto the toilet, given the loud slamming sound that comes next. Usually Sandra puts down some toilet paper if she wants to poop in her parents’ toilet when others are at home since the door is kind of flimsy, but clearly Chloe did not have time to do this since her laser-jet of urine, poop-plops and vicious cries of relief are all fully audible from outside. Her aunt gives her an awkward smile. “We should probably move, don’t you think?”

“Yeah, let’s.” As they leave for the kitchen, Sandra can’t help but notice Anelie looks quite uncomfortable and tense, keeping her thighs close together and shifting one leg in front of the other on occasion. It was fairly obvious she needed to use the toilet as well.

Sandra needed to wash her hands though, she had skipped it when rushing out of the toilet and it was a bit gross. As soon as she turns on the kitchen sink, Sandra hears Anelie grunt in distress behind her. Right. The running water was probably difficult for her to listen to. Sandra washes up as quickly as she can to spare her aunt.

“Sorry about that…” Sandra looks sheepishly at her squirming Aunt, not quite sure if she should ignore her obvious toilet desperation or not.

“Ah…” Anelie tries to seem a little more discreet, but it is clearly hard for her. “Me and Chloe were stuck in traffic for god knows how long.” She smiles, though it’s a little forced.

“Yeah, she seemed to be in quite the hurry, didn’t she?”

“She was absolutely beyond herself for almost half an hour while in the car. I was worried she wouldn’t be able to take it anymore, poor thing wasn’t even able to pee in a cup…” Anelie’s face grows concerned as she trails off.

“Are you okay?” Anelie doesn’t reply to this immediately, instead she lets slip a dainty but unmistakable fart under her dress.

“Oh, excuse me. I do really need the loo…” She shakes her head. “I’ll be fine to wait for Chloe, though.”

Sandra still felt very awkward. She felt she should talk about something other than her aunt’s desperation to clear the air, but when Sandra wanted to poop too it was doubly hard to keep her own thoughts away from the topic. Anelie farts again, groaning. Sandra was blushing hard, trying to not even look at her aunt as to not make her feel embarrassed.

The outer door slamming open saves her, as the rest of her family comes rushing in. The flat instantly becomes bustling, as Sandra’s sister, mother, father and sister’s girlfriend all come inside. Sandra had wanted to fully use the bathroom in peace and quiet of course, but that ship had already sailed. Doubly so, as it becomes immediately apparent that her sister Audrey urgently needed to use the toilet too.

“Gotta piss, gotta piss, gotta piss, sorry sis,” Audrey bumps into Sandra on the way. “Gotta piss, gotta piss…!”

“Chloe is on the toilet!” Sandra calls out to her sibling.

“No…!” The exclamation is trails off into half a whine at the end. Sandra isn’t sure if Audrey heard her and stopped, or tried the bathroom door just now. Sandra heads back over, finding Audrey frantically knocking on the door.

“Cool it, I’m going as fast as I can…!” Chloe grunts from inside the bathroom, then there is the unmistakable sound of heavy droppings on droppings.

“Come on, come on, come on…!” Audrey is pee dancing in place for all she’s worth. Sandra looks back towards kitchen where everyone had gathered. She wasn’t sure if she should bring up the fact that Anelie needed the toilet badly too, she felt bad that her aunt would need to wait even longer now. Even though Anelie had been first in line for the toilet, there was no way she would actually speak up now that Audrey had come in this desperate.

“Anelie is desperate for the toilet too, so please hurry when you get inside.” It was the best way she could think to say. Audrey nods while continuing to stamp her feet. Her skirt was flying all over the place, if she hadn’t been wearing leggings underneath Sandra would have seen her underwear many times over. She looks away.

There was the rustle and scrape of toilet paper. Sounds like Chloe was wiping herself up. Meanwhile, Audrey had become completely paralyzed. She suddenly starts taking off her leggings and even her panties, leaving her nude under the long skirt.

“Hey, what are you doing…?”

Audrey gasps while grasping herself under her skirt. She was most likely revealing quite a bit up front, but at least she was covered by her skirt still from Sandra’s vantage point. “I-I’m this close to wetting myself…! If I don’t get out of these now I’ll pee through them!”

“Hey, wait! Are you seriously saying you’re about to just piss on the floor?”

“N-no…!” Audrey’s body shakes as she crosses her legs and grabs herself. Looking downwards, Sandra can see a thin but clear rivulet of liquid running down Audrey’s ankle before making a little pool on the floor right next to her bare foot.

Just then, Chloe exits the bathroom. She is beet red, and the two cousins push past each other as they swap places in the bathroom. Audrey quickly shuts the door while Chloe passes Sandra without saying a single word. Meanwhile, Audrey takes a little while to start peeing. Based on Audrey’s demeanor, Sandra would have expected to hear a deluge through the door less than a second after she entered. However, it takes a bit. Sandra is almost getting worried, when she hears an unmistakable spray of water coupled with a breathy and relieved moan. Content that her sister made it to the toilet, Sandra wanders back into the kitchen once again to greet the rest of her family.

Chloe remained untalkative, and the color was not leaving her face. If anything, it was becoming a deeper shade of red. Perhaps her cousin was just bashful about the sounds she had been making. Sandra couldn’t exactly blame her, given how hard it was to find privacy in this house.

The group strikes up a conversation of sorts, and Sandra learns that her sister and company had been visiting a waterpark over the day. Audrey had taken her girlfriend Holly of course, but given mom and dad had come with it seemed as though it had been more of a get together than a date. Over the course of the conversation Sandra also noticed her mother Emelie was squirming too. At this point, she should honestly just have assumed her mother needed to pee too until proven false.

Audrey takes longer than Sandra would have expected for a pee, especially given she’d told her sister others needed to pee after her. Stefan, Sandra’s father, goes down to knock on the door. “Audrey, hurry it up as much as you can. Your mother and aunt both need to use the toilet as well.”

You hear Audrey from inside. “Unless either of them are peeing her pants like I was I don’t think she wants to, actually! Chloe seriously filled this thing!” Chloe blushes even harder than before. Sandra’s mother Emelie looks concerned, as does her aunt. There’s a pause from inside the bathroom. “I pissed in the sink!”

“I-I’m sorry, I just…” Chloe finally speaks up.

”It’s all right. It can happen to anyone, really. We need to figure out the bathroom situation for me and Emi though, I’m at my wit’s end here.” Emelie nods cautiously.

Between her cousin’s intense mortification and the toilet needs of her aunt and mom, the air was getting a bit too oppressive. So while Sandra wasn’t exactly an active participant in the conversation, but she is still relieved when Audrey comes out of the bathroom and calls for her to come over.

“San, please come with me for a minute.” Audrey leans in conspiratorially, but Sandra can tell she’s worried about something as she approaches.

Sandra took a glance back towards the bathroom door, closed. Now that Chloe had clogged it, it was even less accessible to her than before. “Okay sis, what is it?”

“Come to my room first, okay? This crowd is an issue.” Audrey’s room was on the second floor. While neither of them lived with their parents any longer, Audrey hadn’t been out of the nest for long enough to lose her old room. Sandra shrugs and follows. Whatever this was, it was as good of a distraction as any.

Audrey closes the door behind Sandra as soon as they’re both inside. For a while, she seems unsure of what to say. Sandra decides to try and pry her open. She can’t wait in here forever after all. “So what’s this about, Audi?”

“It’s Holly!” She blurts it out.

“Whoa now. If you need some sisterly advice, then you could have just-”

“No no, not that. It’s… how do I say it…” Audrey still seems unsure of what to say. “She’s too embarrassed to use our restroom!”

“I… see.”

“She hasn’t told me, but I can tell… I was hoping that she would get a chance to use the bathrooms at Merrows, but that completely backfired – as you could probably tell…” Audrey blushes.

“Wait, are you seriously saying she hasn’t used the toilet at all since she came here? That’s not possible. You’ve been here for three days. Besides, I’ve literally seen her use it.”

Audrey’s face gets even more pink. “Um… It’s not like that. She does go to the bathroom, but…”

“But what?”

“She hasn’t pooped at all, because she’s too embarrassed!” Audrey looks distraught. “And I know she’s in a lot of pain, too…”

“So you took her to Merrows Waterland so she could… poop?”

“Yes! I was planning to go use the toilet there myself and casually have her come with. It just happened that there were dumb queues everywhere!” Audrey looks a little sullen. “Okay maybe it wasn’t the best plan but in my defense-”

“How do you even know she hasn’t gone, anyway? If she’s shy she could’ve done it while you weren’t paying attention.”

This time, it’s Audrey’s ears that go pink. “Ah- well, eh you see I can kind of tell when…”

Sandra had to cut her off right there. “All right, all right, I get it already. So what do you need me for, anyway?”

“Well I don’t want my girlfriend to poop herself. I was hoping you could come up with an excuse to go to the supermarket and take her with. Then once you’re there, you can say you need to use the toilet and she’ll use it too! Hopefully…”

“Hopefully? Audi, are we sure the problem here isn’t that you’re not communicating properly with Holly.”

“San, please. I can’t talk to her about this. I just- I need your help, all right?”

“Fine…” Sandra lets out an exasperated sigh. Thinking about it, this worked out pretty well for her too. Who knew when the family bathroom would become available for use, after all. Going to the store was probably faster, at this rate. It was just as Sandra was thinking this, that she felt a true urge to take a shit after all these days of constipation. It wasn't just the usual heaviness and general discomfort she had gotten accustomed to after so long. It was the sensation of something legitimately pushing and kneading against her backdoor. Sandra Wilton Horn needed to poop.

Sandra Wilton Horn Never has a Chance to Poop - Third Chapter End

*009*2023-07-13 21:40

Kind of a boring update (there will be more story at some point), I've kinda been toying with the idea of making a something like a list of characters since this story has quite a few. Just a list is a bit boring though, so maybe I should make a note of how desperate they were when they were first introduced or something. Not too sure what I will settle on, I'll think about it.

*014*2023-07-18 23:27

I created a blog for bonus material for any smut I write (not sure how much I will use it, but now I have it up in case I get any more ideas like this). It has a character roster for the Sandra Wilton Horn story so far, in case you need an overview.

*018*2023-08-04 00:15

Sandra Wilton Horn Never Has a Chance to Poop (At the Grocery Store)

Sandra and Holly were heading off towards the nearest grocery store. Sandra was relieved to be out of her parents’ cramped flat, especially now that the toilet was out of commission. Her mom and aunt had been discussing what to do since they both needed to use the bathroom but couldn’t anymore, and there had been some efforts to clear the pipes of the toilet but apparently Chloe had clogged it real good. As she and Chloe had left the building, Sandra’s father Stefan had been on the line with a plumbing firm. All in all, it had been pretty chaotic.

On the flipside, Sandra now legitimately and unmistakably needed to poop for the first time today. Her prior efforts on her home toilet had paid off, though in a monkey’s paw kind of way given the circumstances. There was a heavy and totally solid pressure constantly applied against her poop chute. It was still a few solid pushes deeper than her exit, so at least she wasn’t turtleheading yet. Still, it was both incredibly uncomfortable and frustrating. Sandra was certain that she could excise herself of what had been troubling her all day, if only she could spend a bit of time on some porcelain. If only Chloe had the good sense to do a courtesy flush…

Her traveling companion was staying mostly quiet as they walked. Sandra only knew Holly a little, and some of that was second-hand information from her sister. She had seemed naturally shy to Sandra, and if her Audrey was right and Holly had to poo badly that could also be contributing. Sandra gave the other girl a discreet glance-over as they walked, trying to determine if she was in a bad state. Holly was a little shorter than Sandra, with soft facial features and freckles. She kept her brown hair very long, and was a bit bottom-heavy. She did seem pretty stiff and uncomfortable at the moment, though that might be Sandra projecting. Holly wore pretty tight sweatpants, so any mishap would be extremely noticeable. Even if Sandra couldn’t be sure how badly Holly really needed to go, if at all, she hoped the girl wasn’t at that stage yet.

As Sandra considers this, she also tries to think of a way to bring up the subject of using the toilet when they get to the grocery store. Her sister had a tendency of not thinking things through. Surely, it would have been better if Audrey had gone with her girlfriend. If Holly really was avoiding using the bathroom out of embarrassment, Sandra coming along could easily backfire. She sighs, maybe it didn’t matter. Making a complex plot to make her sister’s girlfriend poop was silly to begin with, Sandra should just make sure she used the toilet herself while giving Holly a chance to do the same. Holly was an adult woman, after all. So was Audrey, even if Sandra had to remind herself of that more often than not given her decisionmaking skills.

The walk was somewhat nice, at least. Sandra was a little better dressed to deal with the cold, and while she was far from comfortable, she was at least not beside herself with desperation like she had been on her way home. Her stomach grumbled, and then she was certain she felt something in there slide downwards. There was a new pressure in her butt too, too robust and substantial for a fart. She was definitely using the bathroom first thing she did when she entered the store.

The pair came upon the store. Sandra had made up some story about needing to pick up a few things for a dish she was cooking later. That was actually true, but she didn’t actually need to pick up that many things that she needed a second person to come with. Audrey made some excuse and encouraged Holly to go with, and that had been that. Toilets first though. Toilet toilet toilet.

“Hey so I’m just gonna-” Sandra cuts herself off as she suddenly lets rip a trumpeting fart. It is completely unmistakably hers, there is absolutely no way to play it off as anything else. She felt it force her asshole wide open too, and has to spend a moment clenching herself shut or risk a sequel release. “-ahaha, excuse me. I’m gonna go ahead and give the bathroom a visit.” Sandra has to fight her reflexive instinct to do damage control. She was essentially admitting she needed to poop to Holly, but she really had to go very badly at this point so playing it cool was too much of a risk. She was still clenching after the fart, unsure if it was more air she was keeping at bay.

“Oh, ah, of course. I’ll wait for you.” Holly looked awkward and unsure of what to do. Some part of the reason was probably the fact that Sandra had just farted, but… It seemed really obvious Holly needed to use the bathroom as well, didn’t it? Sandra hadn’t been entirely sure before, but now that Holly was standing still there was no denying it. The girl was subtly stepping in place and looked like she wanted to be anywhere else. She was sweating, too, despite the cold weather.

Sandra quickly wracked her brain. Was there really nothing she could say to get Holly to come with to the bathroom? She had been given a mission by her sister, but… Her stomach grumbles ominously, a sign of things to come. Her anal defenses were once again being tested, as she felt pressure swell before receding. There was no getting around it. She needed to poop, now. Maybe her head would be a little clearer once she did, and she could think of some way to help Holly. Maybe. The pressure swells again, and Sandra hurries towards the store bathroom.

There was a queue. Of course there was a queue. Sandra wasn’t sure how she could have expected otherwise. She stops in place as she sees the line, just taking the situation in. She had to poop so bad it wasn’t funny. It wasn’t fair. Why were there no free toilet anywhere? The line was seven women long, and from the looks of it many were in a bad state just like Sandra was. This was completely absurd, this couldn’t just be a coincidence, right? Would the fact that every woman in the city apparently desperately had to use the bathroom all at the same time going to be on the news tomorrow? Sandra let out something between a chuckle and a cry of frustration as she stomped in place.

For a bit, she kept hesitating. Sandra tried to come up with some other option, but she didn’t know of any nearby places with a public toilet. And with this one so crowded, surely anywhere else would be just as bad. Still. Sandra wanted to poop now. She needed to sit on a toilet now. She had been dealing with this burden for so long, and she just wanted to be free of it. And… she was actually becoming worried she might not make it if she kept getting delayed. It being such a solid load meant it was generally easier to hold in, but there was a lot in her. If the pressure kept rising like it had been this last hour, she would eventually be filling her panties.

Because she was distracted, Sandra didn’t hear the footsteps behind her. There was a double pitter-patter, then a distraught gasp behind Sandra causing her to turn around in surprise. There were two women, one younger and one older. Perhaps a mother and daughter? The young woman was grimacing while clutching her stomach. “Why is there a queue…! I can’t take it anymore!” The older woman tried to comfort her. “I could really use the loo as well… Let’s wait in line, it’s not getting any shorter.”

Sandra, surprised and lingering on her indecision, couldn’t react quickly enough as the pair took a spot in the queue. Sandra despaired, but quickly stepped behind them in line. The queue was now ten women long including Sandra. She felt something massive press inside her rump, looking for a way out. This was not gas. For a few seconds, Sandra was turtleheading as the dark mass inside came closer to escape than it had for days. Sandra clenched for all she was worth, and luckily it receded.

Nine women ahead in the queue. Because of how long the queue was, it needed to bend at one point. For this reason, Sandra had good visibility towards the front of the queue. The woman in the front of the line seemed to need to pee. She looked very stiff and had her legs subtly crossed. As Sandra looked closer, she realized the woman had what appeared to be an exceptionally bulged-out bladder. It was actually insane Sandra could see it from here, it even showed through her clothes. Sandra was second-guessing herself, her first thought had been a bladder bulge given the events of today, but maybe the woman was in the early stages of a pregnancy? That had to be it, surely, the more Sandra looked at it the more she felt nobody could hold enough pee to cause their stomach to bulge out like that.

Sandra’s stomach would become hard and stick out if she really needed to pee but this was something else. Looking over the rest of the queue, it was easier to say who didn’t have an apparent need than to point out the ones that did. The second girl in line seemed okay, and so did a woman in the middle. The daughter, maybe it wasn’t a daughter, ahead of Sandra was absolutely frantic and her older companion showed signs of needing to go as well. It was really obvious they couldn’t cut ahead though, a pair of girls ahead of them showed constant signs of pee desperation. They were both committed to rather serious pee-dancing, and would occasionally whisper to each other. One of them snuck a hand inside her jeans to apply some direct force, it had to be really bad if she was resorting to that in public.

Eight women ahead in the queue. For Sandra, the wait was quite different from any toilet desperation she had experienced in the past. She was semi-familiar with the frantic struggle that came with intense pee desperation, but her current state different. She hadn’t felt urgency that would put her on the cusp on an accident since when she had briefly started turtleheading before, so instead of feeling like a trial of endurance and willpower it was like she was on a timer until an urge like that or worse came back.

There were still urges and aches though, strong ones. Her stomach had essentially been hurting all day, and that had never stopped. Her behind felt full and pressurized as well, poo and probably a fair few farts waiting on deck and ready to move towards the exit. She needed to be on a toilet before her bowels decided they couldn’t hold any more mass and started kneading it all out again. The bladder-bulge woman had gone inside. Sandra had come to realize she would learn the truth about the woman’s distended as she came out. She was curious, or perhaps just desperate for anything that could distract her.

Seven women ahead in the queue. The round-belly woman came out just now, but she turned away from Sandra and headed over towards the direction of the store proper. Sandra hadn’t been able to tell if her belly had gotten any flatter after the visit to the bathroom, it was going to remain a mystery. Another girl had come into the queue, after Sandra. She was a bit shorter than Sandra, and wore a fairly distinctive blue hoodie. Sandra had glanced back at her at one point, as she had groaned. Presumably when she realized how long the queue was. It seemed like she needed to pee, but Sandra didn’t look back at her after that, didn’t want to stare.

The daughter, Sandra was going to think of her as a daughter until proven otherwise, was squirming around and complaining about how badly she needed to use the toilet. At one point, she let out a squeaky little fart. She had leaned in towards the other woman and whispered “Mom, I’m seriously about to have an accident.” Definitely a daughter, then, Sandra had been right. The pair of girls one further step ahead were quite vocal too, saying things like “I’ve never had to pee this bad before!” and “Hurry, I’m leaking…!”. Cutting ahead didn’t seem to be an option, for Sandra or anyone else.

Six women ahead in the queue. Because of how the queue was formed, Sandra now had a better visual on some of the people who had crossed a bit past the bend as the queue progressed. The second girl in line, who Sandra hadn’t really been able to get a visual on before, was a somewhat plump goth-looking girl. She wasn’t complaining like the girls waiting behind her, but from her posture it was extremely obvious she was desperate. Her legs were crossed, sometimes crisscross, and she was hunched over and gritting her teeth. Sometimes a hand would sneak down as well. First in line was an older woman, perhaps the age of her own parents or a little older than that. She didn’t appear too desperate, but was not offering her place to any of the girls behind her.

Five women ahead in queue. The goth girl, the pee-desperate pair, and the mother and daughter. The older woman was taking her sweet time, and it was taking its toll on everyone in line. Sandra had heard the girl behind her gasp and whine a few times, and the daughter had farted several more times now, growing more distraught each time. The mother tried to comfort her, but was clearly becoming very uncomfortable as well.

The pair even further ahead were just as noisy as before, while the goth girl remained silent yet determined. As for Sandra herself, she was in trouble again. Something big was pushing directly against her exit and trying to squeeze past her anal ring. This was the most intense urge Sandra had felt so far and the closest she had been to straight up dropping a load in her panties. Hands against her bum were mandatory now, embarrassing or not. Plugging up her hole like this was giving her bad cramps as her bowels attempted to squeeze and push to get rid of the encumbrance, it was real bad. Sandra had to hope it would get better soon, or that the girls ahead would hurry up.

Finally, the slowpoke woman came out of the toilet. As she did, however, something unexpected happened. “Um, er, please, my friend is going to wet herself. Please, can she go before?” One of the pee-desperate duo pleaded with the goth girl as her companion nodded in agreement while pee-dancing. There’s a moment of deliberation.

The gothy girl is clearly torn, glancing towards the free toilet. “P-please! I really, I really can’t hold it!” The girl is stepping in place. “Oh, okay. But hurry, I need to go too.” The goth girl didn’t seem too happy to give up her opportunity to pee, squeezing her hands between her thick thighs as the thankful girl sprinted inside. The daughter ahead of Sandra seemed like she wanted to speak up too, she was leaned forwards and cupping her hands over her ass just like Sandra and letting out squeaky farts. Sandra wasn’t farting, just keeping catastrophic release at bay. The pressure wasn’t as bad as it had been, it seemed to come in waves. Her turn at the toilet couldn’t come fast enough.

Four women ahead in the queue. The goth girl, the friend who had been left behind, the daughter, the mother and Sandra were all waiting outside. There were others waiting behind Sandra as well. More people had filled up after the short girl in the hoodie, though Sandra hadn’t looked backwards to get a read on them. She was solely focused on the queue ahead of her. The daughter seemed like she was psyching herself to speak up, maybe to ask if she couldn’t cut ahead too.

“I-I, um, I really need to go as well, could I please go first when Joanne comes out?” It wasn’t the daughter who spoke up first, it was the girl-left-behind. She was speaking rapidly, and seemed to be locked in place. Sandra hadn’t realized this girl needed to pee so badly as well, but looking at her now it really seemed like she was at the edge. The gothy girl looks back, biting her lip while continuing to hold herself. “I-I can’t hold it much longer either. I’m sorry, I’ll try to be really quick though.” The girl swallows very audibly, then, “Ah…” There is an instant pitter-patter as the girl starts peeing a waterfall through her jeans. She tilts her head upwards slightly and full-body shivers as she lets it all out. “I-I couldn’t hold it…” The girl was letting out an amazing volume, the liquid was all pouring from the tiny gap between the leg openings and her inner ankles. It was like looking at a rain gutter in a torrential monsoon.

Sandra was glad she didn’t need to pee, or else this display might have done her in. The gothy girl wasn’t so lucky, and walked away backwards, stunned, to avoid getting her feet wet in the expanding puddle. She stops, moans gutturally, and pushes her hands deep between her legs as a wet spot forming on the front of her skirt. In a last-ditch effort, she gets her hands in under her skirt, pushing it up in the process. It’s as this is happening, one girl mid-wetting and another seemingly mere moments away, that the first girl came out the toilet. Apparently her name was Joanne. “O-oh no…” She sidesteps the puddle to get outside. The goth girl took a first tentative step towards the toilet, but she wasn’t fast enough. “I-I can’t hold it anymore! I need to have a poo now or I’m going to explodee!!” The daughter suddenly rushes past the entire congregation, stepping through the forming puddle of pee as she does. She slams the door loudly behind her.

Just two women ahead in queue. Sandra envied the daughter. Maybe if she had been brazen enough, she could have pulled a similar stunt. It would have been selfish, but it might have been worth it. Her stomach hurt, her ass was tired, she wanted to poop so badly. It was like a thick ram stuck at her exit, it felt like it was forcing her wide open just by being there. Many times she rubbed her stomach in hopes it would make it any better, it felt bloated and packed tight. The girl-left-behind had finished her floor pee, and the pair had walked off with the Joanne comforting her friend.

The gothy girl still had her gaze intently focused on the toilet door, and hadn’t adjusted her skirt back. With the girl’s skirt pushed up like this, Sandra got quite the view from behind. The girl was giving herself a wedgie too, so she was more or less flashing her ass. Once, Sandra caught a droplet running down the girl’s thigh, before being absorbed by her stockings. Sandra’s focus was stolen as a loud, ringing fart rang out. It came from the mother. Sandra turned towards her, and the woman was clutching her stomach while moaning softly. Then, another equally impressive fart rang out. “O-oof. Excuse me…” She fanned the air.

The daughter came out, beet-red. She quietly went over to stand next to her mother, as the gothy girl rushed inside. However, less than a minute later she came rushing out again. It was clear from the demeanor of the goth girl that she has left the toilet unrelieved, and she hurried off in some other direction. The mother and daughter were quietly whispering among themselves, so this time it was Sandra who took the opportunity to cut the line. Emergencies meant no rules, sometimes. She got herself inside, hurried over to the toilet and got the lid open, where she found…

Two pathetic-looking scraps of toilet paper sat on top of an absolutely fat stack of shit. There was no other way to put it. Sandra could see three logs in all, and they were both girthy and long. Sandra pinched her nose, and for a moment found herself staring at them. This toilet was unflushable. Not only that, the logs piled high enough that anything Sandra added might actually threaten to reach her ass. A tear of sheer frustration rolled down Sandra’s cheek. She wanted to poop. Maybe she could squat over the toilet and just do it like that. It just had to come out, and she was willing to do anything to make that happen even if the conditions weren’t ideal. As she was thinking this, though, the goth girl came rushing back in. Sandra had forgotten to lock.

“Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck…” The girl was single-minded, rushing over to the sink and hoisting up her skirt. It took her two attempts to mount the sink, and she started peeing full blast partway through the first. “Ooooohhh, ah.” The girl moans in pleasure as she starts pissing into the sink, then makes eye contact with Sandra and flushes with red. Sandra puts her hand up to cover her view of the girl, and hurries out of the toilet. Outside was chaos, with several women having joined the queue after Sandra. There seemed to be fervent discussion, with some of the lined-up women being quite agitated, presumably over the clogged toilet. The puddle was still there on the floor, though the mother and daughter were nowhere to be found. Sandra hurried back to the entrance of the store, where she had left Holly waiting. Once again, Sandra had been denied her chance to poop.

Sandra Wilton Horn Never Has a Chance to Poop - Fourth Chapter End

*020*2023-08-04 19:33

{{20 minutes ago, shydribbles19 said:

How do people go about moving to this magical land where bathrooms are always so difficult? Asking for a friend

}}

Consider it a day cursed by a mad god/ess of misfortune.

