The Missing Toilet Seat

Author: dolodi

*000*2016-12-12 06:29

Author's Note: This takes place in Harry's third year, so that means Oliver is a Seventh year; Fred, Geroge, and Angelina are Fifth years; and Katie is a Fourth year. Additionally, I have no idea if Hurricanes take place in Scotland, it just gave me a good theme to base my story around. I think that's about it, so enjoy! And please feel free to comment or criticize.

“OLIVER!” Professor McGonagall had to cast a Sonorous charm on herself to be heard over the hurricane force winds. The winds had already torn through her usually immaculate bun, her hair whipping around her livid expression.

“OLIVER, GET DOWN HERE NOW OR SO HELP ME I WILL-“

“Professor, did you change your hair?”

“You know, I think you’re onto something brother.”

“WEASLEYS! Go and get your team down here before the wind succeeds in knocking them out of the sky!”

The wind had indeed been threatening to do just that all day. Oliver kept nearly knocking into the rings; whereas Katie, Angelina, and Alicia couldn’t get into formations without getting knocked into each other, let alone get off a single pass without the wind sweeping to Quaffle away. And Harry couldn’t even be seen through the heavy cloud coverage and whipping wind and rain. Even the Bludgers were having trouble navigating through the elements.

“Professor, what is the meaning of this!? We have our match against Slytherin in less than 3 weeks!!” Oliver shouted as he landed next to McGonagall.

By this point, most of the team had joined Oliver on the ground bar Harry who had yet to be seen.

“Oliver, we’ve been out here for 5 HOURS and have accomplished next to nothing!” Katie exclaimed, hugging herself tightly as the wind whipped around them, hunched over slightly and shifting from foot to foot.

“That is beside the point Ms. Bell, Mr. Wood detention for the rest of the week. You were expressly forbidden to leave the castle in this weather. And detentions to all of you for going along with this lunacy.”

“But Professor the match-“

“Is in 3 WEEKS OLIVER! Now will someone tell me where Potter is?”

At that exact moment, Harry came streaking out of the clouds, heading towards the ground. Whether it was with his own volition or not was unclear until he started to pull his broom out of a dive, snitch clutched in one hand. However, a particularly vicious gust of wind managed to knock Katie off her feet, as well as cause the rest of the team to stagger. With a gasp, Katie tensed up as she hit the ground, the fall having jolted her filling bladder. Nobody paid her any mind though, as they watched with horror as Harry was knocked into one of the ring posts causing him to fall off his broom the remaining 20 feet. McGonagall tried to cast a cushioning charm to ease his fall, but the spell was lost in the wind, and Harry hit the sodden field with a splash, unmoving.

“Oh dear.” McGonagall sprang into action conjuring a stretcher that promptly flew away with the wind. “Weasleys, grab Mr. Potter and follow us to the Hospital wing. And do be gentle.”

As the team started heading to the changing room, McGonagall cut them off, “Oh no, no time for changing, I don’t trust Oliver not to start up practice again in my absence and I would prefer to see Potter escorted safely to the Hospital Wing. And I for one, would like to get out of this foul weather.”

“B-but Professor-“, Katie exclaimed with an anxious look on her face, her body stiff.

“No Katie, you lot follow me, or it will be more detentions all around.”

The quidditch team and their Head of House slowly made their way to the Hospital Wing through the treacherous winds. They arrived just after the Weasley twins after being sidetracked by Filch ‘for tracking mud on the floor’.

Entering the wing, “Will he be alright Poppy?” McGonagall inquired.

Madame Pomfrey glared at McGonagall and turned her back whilst muttering to herself, “Letting children out on brooms in the middle of a hurricane.”

“Professor, please may I-“ Katie started, performing a small curtsy involuntarily and drawing some looks.

“Shush Katie!” McGonagall cut her off as Madame Pomfrey turned to face them once more.

“After I’ve run several diagnostics, Mr. Potter has suffered a severe concussion, 5 broken ribs, and a shattered femur. He will remain here for the next week at least. Concussions are tricky business. Now I ask that you all kindly leave so I can work in peace.” Madame Pomfrey informed them.

McGonagall pursed her lips, “alright, you lot, to my office. I have to file your detentions.”

Katie, having received detentions before, mostly due to her association with the Weasley twins, knew how long this process could take especially with 6 of them. She couldn’t help but emit a desperate whimper. Her situation was turning dire.

Angelina glanced over at her fellow chaser, “You alright Katie?”

They had started to lag behind the main group so they could talk with more privacy. “No. I’m dying to use the loo, but McGonagall is too angry to even listen to me.” She suddenly gasped and her free hand dove to her crotch. She moaned and curtsied again before she continued walking, her hand never straying far.

Angelina looked sympathetic, “I’ll see if she can fill out your form first, or ask if you can meet her later.”

“Thank you,” Katie gasped again, as she felt another powerful throb in her bladder. She had to stop and grab her crotch again.

By this point, the twins had noticed Katie’s sluggish pace and fell back to join her, which forced Katie to remove her hand. “What do you two want?” Katie snapped, clearly annoyed.

“Ooh feisty.” Fred (or was it George) remarked.

“Someone’s pissed about the detention,” the other twin finished.

Katie winced, at the word ‘pissed’, because if she didn’t get to facilities soon, she would piss herself. At this point, they were a significant distance from McGonagall who was still chewing out Oliver. However, after Angelina tried to speak with her on Katie’s behalf, she realized most of the group was lagging. McGonagall saw Katie and the twins’ sluggish pace, so she assumed they were conspiring over something, so she refused Angelina’s request.

Angelina made her way back over to them, and informed Katie of the bad news with a sincere expression on her face.

“Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.” Katie muttered over and over, “Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. FUCK!”

Angelina suddenly had an idea however, “Fred, George. If you distract McGonagall, we’ll owe you one.” Angelina hoped they acquiesced soon because Katie was starting to sweat from intense concentration, and her hand was inching towards her crotch despite the present company.

“Anything dear Angie?” George wiggled his eyebrows. “Will you go with me to Hogsmeade?”

Angelina blushed, but agreed. She was secretly hoping he would ask her, and she was pleased now that he finally had.

Fred looked at Katie, “Sorry you’re not my type.” He winked. “But I’m sure I’ll think of something at a later period of time. So just wait, this will only take a moment.”

With that, the Weasley twins hopped onto their brooms and flew past McGonagall making her loose hair whip past her face once more.

“WEASLEYS!!!” she ran after them.

“Hurry up, before she gives up chase and comes back for the rest of us!” Angelina hissed to Katie, who was already gingerly making her way to the nearest restroom. She would have very much liked to be on the second floor because Moaning Myrtle’s bathroom was guaranteed to be empty, but as they were already on the third floor, she decided she’d have to take the risk and head to the third floor restrooms.

Turning the corner and losing sight of her teammates, she doubled over and shoved both hands into her crotch, running in place. She had given her broom to Angelina to hold onto specifically for this purpose. After stopping that latest pulse in her bladder, she took in her surroundings and tried to figure out the fastest way to the restroom.

Since everyone was confined to the castle due to the storm, there were a lot more people about than usual during the weekend. She had straighten out twice already because of other people walking the halls, but thankfully no one tried to stop and talk to her. During the first time she couldn’t help it when a small spurt erupted into her panties. It took all her willpower not to double over and cross her legs. The second time, she couldn’t quite stop it until she had her hands firmly on her crotch. The damage was undetectable from the outside due to her quidditch robes, but there were uncomfortable dribbles down her legs, slowly making their way into her socks.

Finally turning the last corner with the bathroom in sight she quickened her pace. Unfortunately it was located in a hall with windows on one side and the rain constantly pattering against the glass made her pause and double over, her hands never leaving her crotch. Just then a crash of thunder and a flash of lightning lit up the window. With a shriek, Katie jumped and let loose a second long spurt, soaking her panties and creating a sizeable wet patch on her shorts.

Quivering and dancing back and force, Katie rushed the remaining 20 feet into the bathroom, dribbles running down her quivering thighs the entire time.

Entering the bathroom, she could immediately tell 3 of the 6 stalls were occupied, another had no door, and the last two looked fine. She rushed to the first one but got a whiff and immediately backed off, so she dove into the second one and slammed the door behind her sliding the latch into place.

Katie immediately started fumbling with her quidditch robes, hopping back and forth, needing to stop and grab her crotch every couple of seconds. “Fuck, fuck, fuck, I need to piss, I need to piss so bloody bad,” she kept mumbling under her breath.

Finally getting her outer robe off, she started fumbling with the strings on her shorts, her toned legs never uncrossing as she curtsied every few seconds. Another dribble escaped Katie as she gasped. Then another. She almost had the string undone when she looked up and realized the toilet had no seat! There was a message above the seat reading, “We promised out little sister a toilet seat, so a toilet seat we got! We suppose we could have taken one from the boy’s bathroom, or even Moaning Myrtle’s bathroom, but where’s the fun in that? Sorry for the inconvenience! –We’d sign our name, but we quite like it when the female population is not out for our blood.”

That was the last straw for Katie. She felt herself finally lose the battle and heard more than felt that torrential hiss that erupted from her tortured body. She frantically shoved her hands back into her crotch. Her shapely arse was bouncing up and down as she tried to dig her hands deeper into her crotch, hoping to stem the flow, but to no avail. With tears streaming down her face, she tried to minimize the damage by hovering over the toilet, still peeing through the fabric of her clothing.

Angelina would find her crying some time later, and stranded without her wand she stupidly left in her dorm. She consoled her, and charmed her clothes dry and clean, though the distinct smell of urine refused to abate, and they made their way to McGonagall’s office.

*003*2016-12-13 08:57

{{10 hours ago, daveshuyi said:

Will you do more?

}}

I'm considering it. Not sure what I'll do for the next part yet.

