The Wheels of Progress

Author: Daredare205

*000*2026-02-17 01:06

It wasn’t supposed to rain today… Well, now that their plans to go to the park were out of the question, they may as well go to the club and see if there are any cute boys out. It didn’t take long for the group chat to flare with activity and then quickly die down as each of them started their makeup and looked for something to wear. What a chore it was… So many party dresses, but none that looked just right. Stacy worried she’d be the straggler, but once she was done, she found she was the first one back to the group chat to send a simple “Ready”.

No response… That was weird. Oh well, she could just go ahead and have a little of her favorite pop while she worked on the finishing touches on her nails. Still no answer… Okay this was getting concerning. She tried calling Daisy, but went to voicemail after 7 rings. Same for Stella. Okay now this was really concerning. Time to call Travis and see what’s up. Went to voicemail for Travis as well… What about big brother Brent? Oh, finally! Someone picked up, and damn fast! Brent never picks up on the first ring.

“Stacy?! Where are you right now?” He sounded panicked and out of breath.

“At home. Daisy and Stella were supposed to hop on the group chat and-”

“Okay okay hold on-”

“What?”

“You’ll probably want to sit down for this one.” Stacy took a seat and told Brent to go on. Her chest was tight and her body felt heavy as she waited for him to tell her whatever was so important right now.

“I uh… I don’t know how to say this so I’ll just tell you what I saw. I heard there was an accident at the cat’s meow so I went to go check it out. You know, go pick on the idiot driver that went off into the grass like last week… Well, what I found was an overturned semi and a bunch of carnage. 4 or 5 cars went off into the grass, including my little bro’s Mustang.”

“The short version please. I can’t take a whole conversation, you got me shaking right now”

“Okay okay I’m sorry… The gist is that everyone was knocked out when I got there. They were loading everyone into ambulances and whatnot, and I didn’t see you so I… I don’t know, I guess I thought they already took you in an ambulance that got there before I did.”

“Oh my God! Did they look hurt?”

“Hard to tell when they’re on stretchers being rushed around in the rain.”

Wow, that told Stacy a lot right now… The last thing she needed to hear was that the only person that saw it wasn’t sure if her BFFs were okay… What to do to stop the shaking? A quick Google search told her to control her breathing but that didn’t do anything… All she could do was walk back and forth in her living room, waiting for something, anything to happen…

“Stacy, you there?”

“What? Yeah, I’m here.” She really wasn’t, but she needed all the info she could get.

“Want a ride to the hospital so we can check on your friends?”

“Yes! Yes yes yes! Take me there right now!”

“Okay okay hold on, I gotta get out of this mess of emergency vehicles and then, I guess I’ll take Fifth I don’t know they got Second all blocked off right now.”

Stacy looked at herself in the mirror. 2½ hours of progress making herself look perfect, all down the drain. What good was a party dress without a party to go to? What good was a group chat if there’s no group to chat with? What good was… She had to take her makeup off now… All the crying had gotten it to run into her eyes and burn them even more than the crying itself was bothering her eyes… Now that she had her face clear, she put on a pair of blue jeans and a white T-shirt and just waited… God the waiting was killing her. It just made her cry more.

*Knock knock knock* Stacy literally ran to the door, unlocking it so she could rip it open and run out, but when she opened it… The two police officers seemed startled by how frantic she was.

“Are you Stacy Clearsoul?” The officer on the left asked.

“Y-yes I am. What do you need? I’m kind of in a hurry here! I need to get to the hospital so I can see my friends!” Stacy did everything short of physically pushing past them as she repeatedly looked all the way up and down the street over and over again. Where was Brent’s MR2? Where the hell was that guy?

“We just wanted to make sure you were okay, that’s all. We responded to an accident and found a few individuals in need of medical care, and when another guy showed up, he recognized two of the girls but was wondering where you were. We just wanted to make sure you were accounted for.”

“O-oh… Yeah I guess I’m accounted for… Wait… YOU WERE THERE?! How are Daisy and Stella?!”

“Well, there were a lot of people that were hurt. We didn’t get a good look at them before paramedics took them away, but I can tell you that they were unresponsive."

“NO NO NO! THEY CAN’T BE DEAD!”

“Calm down, I didn’t say that. An ambulance wouldn’t be in a hurry like that if the patient had already passed.”

“So they’re okay?”

“I’m sorry, I really don’t know their conditions right now. I just wanted to make sure you were accounted for.”

“I… I see… I’m sorry for bothering you…”

“It’s quite okay, really! Would you like-”

There was that familiar old Toyota engine revving to the moon, bursting sideways in the rain in a blur of red under the corner street lights. The car came screaming down the road, screeching to a halt in front of Stacy’s house and Brent ran out and made it halfway up the stairs before he saw the police officers.

“I assume you’re one of her friends?” The officer on the right asked the man who had just arrived.

“Yeah! I’m Travis’ older brother. I’m sorry to interrupt whatever is going on here but I gotta get her to the hospital so she can see her friends!”

“Yeah, we were just about to head out anyway.” The officer paused and placed a hand on Brent’s shoulder. “Do me a favor and take it easy with that thing in the city.” The officer tapped Brent’s shoulder, and like that, the officers were leaving.

“Well, you gonna come down and get in the car?”

“Y-yeah, sorry” Stacy hadn’t realized she’d been standing there completely frozen until he had said that…

“I’m sure they’re fine. Let’s get a move on so we can go say hi!” It didn’t take an expert to tell that Brent was saying that to himself more than to Stacy…

“Y-yeah, let’s get a move on!”

Naturally, Brent completely disregarded what the officers had told him about taking it easy in the city. Yeah, he was a fast driver, but he wasn’t stupid. He still stopped at red lights and stop signs, but that didn’t stop him from revving that 4A-GZE to the moon and busting the rear end free every opportunity he got. Seeing him in an anxiety fueled overdrive, it must have been fun to watch from the apartment buildings… A bright red Toyota MR2 blurring like the lines in anime before disappearing around the next turn, hitting the dips and carves in the road and throwing sparks as it bounced along… Not once did Stacy ask him to slow down.

Not even 10 minutes later, they were at the hospital and Stacy was on her way to the front doors while Brent parked the car.

*002*2026-02-17 01:31

Thanks! I've been having a hard time in real life due to a relationship gone sour and IDK, I'm having a hard time getting back to my older stories but I was in a mood to write so I started *another* new one lol

