AI Story Generator

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2023-05-05 18:19

I found this interesting tool for anybody who likes writing stories as it helps you to generate story plots by putting a premise into it. At first I thought maybe it would write the stories for you but I don't think that AI is up to that yet. But I had some interesting results.

%https://toolbaz.com/writer/ai-story-generator

I put in the writing prompt: An Asian girl is walking her cat when suddenly she notices that she is extremely desperate to pee, but unfortunately the leash breaks and her cat begins running off and now she must choose between running after her cat and attending to her urgent need to urinate and risk losing her cat.

The Asian girl had been walking her beloved cat, Gizmo, when she suddenly realized that she was in dire need of a bathroom. She was grateful that she had been wearing a cat leash for Gizmo, but as she tugged on it to turn around, it suddenly snapped and Gizmo took off running.

The Asian girl knew she had to think fast. She desperately wanted to find Gizmo, but she was also in a lot of pain. She had to choose between running after her cat and taking care of her urgent need to pee. She quickly decided that she had to attend to her need first, or else she risked being in serious discomfort.

She took off running in the other direction, hoping she could find a restroom in time. She was relieved to find one nearby and quickly entered. As she relieved herself, she prayed that Gizmo would be safe.

When she was done, she emerged from the restroom and quickly began searching for Gizmo. She followed the path he had taken and eventually, to her relief, she spotted him. He had been cornered by a group of children, but she managed to coax him out and get him safely home.

As she walked home, she thanked her lucky stars for her quick thinking. She had been able to attend to her urgent need and still keep her beloved pet safe and sound.

Once again it thinks of an interesting and reasonable plot but that takes away a lot of the fun of the story because if I actually do write the story you know that she's going to go after the cat first and it is going to relate result in lots of hilarious bladder busting adventures of at least a few thousand words!

So yeah this AI writer is not going to put any of us out of commission anytime soon I don't think, but it is interesting because it does help you to generate a loose plot structure, and sometimes that gives your character's names, although interesting is that I gave it a story prompt for a different story not about omorashi where I mentioned a black character and it gave him the name of John but when I asked for an Asian girl didn't give her name it just called her Asian girl, so is that like evidence that AI is somehow racist? Like she didn't deserve a name or something? It gave the cat a name!

Again it was an interesting experiment but the plots that it generates again seem to go towards very logical and reasonable standpoints and miss out on all the zany fun of actually writing the story itself. At most it can just give you an outline but again, the conclusions that it reaches and the way the story proceeds are different than the way I would have written it for sure!

*004*2023-05-06 16:24

@Denial

"Awesome! I'm very interested in AIs and also ways to Simulate/Model situations which could then lead to consistent stories etc - one reason I liked The Sims, shame it went all cartoony and less and less like a Simulation.

I think we have a different POV on this.. but I kinda like Simulations and Story-Generators (and reading other ppls stories) because if I write a story where X happens, I kinda feel guilty for causing it, and ofc I know whats going to happen, because I wrote it.. but if I read someone else's story, I'm able to enjoy a wider range of plotlines without that being a problem.."

I never feel guilty about what I do to characters in fictional stories, although if my characters were real people I imagine they would hate me because I really take Kurt Vonnegut's advice to heart of be a sadist to your characters so that people will really know what they are made of. In fact I actually thought about a mainstream story that I wanted to write about a person's fictional character coming to life and wanting to murder them for all of the torture they subjected them to. I could probably do a variation on that involving an omorashi story specifically though now that I think of it!

Actually I remembered I had a story added to my priority "definitely going to write it list" 3 years ago with that premise...

My Life As a Bathroom Sim (8/11/20)-A woman who likes torturing her characters in the videogame the Sims by denying them a bathroom finds herself to become one of them being tortured by a sadist who is doing the same thing to her.

- The women in the simulation finds to her horror that when she finally does get to go to the bathroom she feels no relief because she is programmed to feel constantly desperate without any relief whatsoever.

I do plan to write it eventually, though when you add too many stories to your priority list it somewhat defeats the purpose of a priority list. Maybe in the end a simulated character can use some kind of robot surrogate to come into the real world and then get revenge on the person by putting them into the simulation instead of her.

"To be clear - you WANT her to go after the cat first, etc? To explore what people think of this whole concept.. may I use your Prompt to do my own experiment with AI, and if I get something interesting, post it here?"

Well yes obviously I want her to go after the cat because the way I see it if she goes to the bathroom first is really no story. If you have a story about pee desperation and the woman immediately goes to pee the story is basically over into lines! But when I put the thing into the chat generator she decided to go to the bathroom first and then hope that she finds her cat which basically destroys the whole story. The whole point of the story is that she is trying to get her cat back while dealing with a desperately full bladder because otherwise there's really no story.

It was actually something that just randomly occurred to me because I was reading this manga where these two Asian girls had a kitten and then there kitten ran away and then just because it's my mind when I saw that I am like what they do if they had to pee while there kitten was running away, do they run after the kitten so that they don't lose track of it or do they go to the bathroom first, and I am thinking obviously if you care about the cat you would go after the cat because you don't want to risk losing the trail. And that's what I sort of gave it as the prompt.

But yes if you want to put it in some other type of cat writing software would be interesting to see what it comes up with. But this is the kind of story that I probably will like to write one day, it contains all of my favorite elements of an Asian woman, pee desperation and cats!

"Story AIs" are Large Language Models - LLMs - and are basically trying to predict what text will come next, they're just shockingly good at it sometimes.

ChatGPT, especially GPT-4, is frighteningly smart, but is also heavily brainwashed into kink-shaming etc, which sucks. The good news is all these tools still require a creative person to guide it, they just save a lot of the drudge work."

Yes I have heard about ChatGPT but I have to admit I haven't used it as this was just something that was randomly posted on a different writing board that I was part of and I decided to try it out and I started putting dozens of my story ideas into it just to see what it would come up with. From what I have heard ChatGPT is more of a censored thing so it probably would reject most of the story ideas I would give it given the kind of stuff that I write!

And yes it sort of does try to logically predict where the story would go but again as I think I already said the places where it takes the story are less interesting than where I would take the story. I think it just is because it tries to bring the story to a fairly mundane and reasonable conclusion where as I tend to be a writer who like stories that go into the bizarre and over-the-top.

Where it does save time though is that I do think that it does sort of give you character names and a little character background so it does save some drudge work. I've often said it would be interesting if I put my thousands of story ideas that I will never be able to write into one of these things just to see what it comes up with. At first I was thinking it would write the whole story for you which would vastly increase my productivity because then all I would have to do is write the plots to my story and then the AI would write it for me but again like I said it just gives you sort of a plot outline and it doesn't really write the way you would write. If you could somehow program it with your own brain so that it would write the stories the way you would that would be pretty amazing and awesome but I still think that we are pretty far away from that.

"It's not capable of inherently being racist etc.. its just that if it was trained using 1000 stories, and the ones chosen by someone (possibly someone racist) just didn't happen to have any named Asian girls, then it might lack anything to choose from. But I guess some people would say a gun can't shoot someone, a person has to fire it, and others would say ofc its the gun that shoots someone... AI is causing a lot of debate as different camps emerge with differing opinions."

Actually this is an issue I would like to explore in some sci-fi stories that have no omorashi element on the issue of whether robots could actually be racist. I remember there was a study done with AI's and they found that it actually was possible for an artificial intelligence to have a racial bias, which is probably rather disheartening because if the robots take over they might be just as bigoted and stupid as we are!

But the thing that I was bringing up is that another story prompt I gave it not relating to omorashi I said that the character was a black man and they gave him the name John. But when I say the character was an Asian girl it simply called her the Asian girl and didn't bother giving her a name, which I thought was just kind of peculiar.

"Please let me know if you'd like me to throw your Prompt / Desired Story Outline, at other AIs I may have access to..."

OK I'd be interested to see what it gives you.

@rebeljaffa

I have to agree that's a very well-crafted story for just one paragraph of information. I wonder what specific paragraph you used to get that story? I have learned through trying it a couple of times that the more detail you give it the more it can do with that and it will give you a more elaborate story. Still sometimes though it ignores elements that you give the story altogether. Like in one story I had a character who is trans and another prompt that I gave it the character was Jewish and another one was a Satanist and it sort of never addressed those aspects of their character. So I have learned that even though when you give it a lot of information sometimes it ignores elements that you give it that you want to put in the story.

*005*2023-05-06 16:37

Just out of curiosity I decided to put the plot summary for my bathroom Sims story idea into the AI generator just to see what it would come up with and gave me this:

Karen had always enjoyed torturing the characters in her favorite video game, The Sims. She would constantly deny them access to a bathroom and watch them suffer with no relief from their desperate need to go. She found the game hilarious and enjoyed watching her characters squirm.

But little did Karen know that she was about to become one of her own characters.

One day, Karen found herself in a strange simulation, a world that felt strangely real. She looked around, confused and scared, until a voice from the sky told her that she was now a character in her own game.

Karen's heart sank as she realized what was happening. She was now being tortured by a sadistic being who enjoyed the same thing she had done to her own characters. She was forced to suffer without access to a bathroom, the same way she had forced her characters to suffer.

Karen soon found to her horror that even when she was finally allowed to go to the bathroom, she felt no relief. She was programmed to feel constantly desperate, no matter how much she tried to go.

It seemed that there was no escape from the cruel torture that Karen had inflicted upon her own characters. She was now experiencing it firsthand, and it was unbearable.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, the simulation ended and Karen was returned to reality. She was relieved to have escaped the torture, but she was also filled with remorse for the cruel way she had treated her characters before.

Karen vowed to never again deny her characters access to a bathroom, no matter how funny she thought it was. She had learned her lesson the hard way, and she would never forget it.

Once again it's interesting as it does sort of follow logically how the story would probably go if I had written it except especially the endings I notice is where the story especially differs from me. It seems as though it tries to give sort of a moral ending to the story where the character learns the error of their ways and yet somehow find their way outside of the story, and as a person who likes poetic justice stories and who likes the tortured character to suffer more that's not how I would end it.

How I probably will end it when I get around to writing it is that the character finds herself in the simulation and now finds that there is no way out and she is at the mercy of her sadistic creator until the end of time!

I had the same issue that it gave me with another non-omorashi story where I was trying to punish a character who was an extremely evil person and I decided that they would try to use a genie wish in order to escape the consequences for their actions by getting rid of all the consequences for their actions but still I wanted them to find some type of punishment that they couldn't escape from. And the punishment the decided to give them was that they had to live with their conscience and I am like my character was supposed to be a character completely devoid of moral reasoning whatsoever, they wouldn't have to live with their conscience, that's no punishment, they have no conscience!

Again there are a lot of writers and authors in such who think that most stories do follow a classical formula and that stories could be written according to an algorithm, and although you can get a story that basically follows where you would probably go with it, it still takes out a lot of the creativity and it lacks the creativity of the author to come up with something wild and out of the blue that wouldn't be expected. See in a story like this you logically think that the character is going to overcome their ways and reform their ways but that's not always true. It sort of ascribes a basic good motive to the characters and assumes that they are capable of being reformed.

So yes you probably could write stories according to an algorithm but I still think that it's not as creative as the actual mind of an author, at least not yet as of this stage, and AI that is not self-aware I don't think it ever be as creative as an actual person.

So that is where I think that the software often fails me the most, the endings that it gives I think it tries to give a pleasant ending where the character learns a lesson and overcomes the error of their ways rather than suffering explicitly because of the fact that the universe is cruel and unforgiving!

Maybe it's just from my own experiences but especially in my omorashi stories I don't like my character to get the relief that they desire most of the time!

*008*2023-05-08 18:32

@rebeljaffa

"I should have saved it for you. I only said that a character named Jill was bursting to pee and had been out for several hours hoping to see a desperate Asian woman, with a cat. Two sentences really."

Not bad for two sentences then!

*010*2023-05-18 19:28

@trekkie

"I did one with you in mind where the Asian girl finds her cat is a superhero. I gave her a name but let it name her cat."

That is a pretty good story to be generated just by the AI like that, I like the idea that a superpowered cat and an Asian woman!

"One thing I notice is that it usually goes for a happy ending. I wonder if it was programmed that way, or if our new computer overlords will be nicer than we thought."

Yeah that is something I think I mentioned and it was something that a lot of people on the board where I originally discovered this were mentioning as well, it does seem like it always tries to steer towards a resolution that is somehow a happy ending or a moral ending where as I prefer sort of a poetic justice karmic retribution ironic the zany crazy over-the-top or unhappy ending. And ending where everything turns out well seems like it's almost anti-climatic especially for a lot of the stuff I write, not just omorashi but just in general.

Like the problem with the software when I was putting in the scenario with the Asian woman in the cat where she is desperate basically the software said that she goes to the bathroom and then goes to look for the cat and I am thinking if that were the case there would be no story. I mean yes you could have a story about an Asian woman looking for a cat, but it wouldn't be an omorashi story if she goes to the bathroom before looking for the cat. The entire story is the fact that she's desperate and she has to continue running after the cat so that you won't lose sight of the cat who keeps her away from the bathroom.

Although somebody on the board where I found this did say that you could also tell the AI what you want the ending to be so the more detail you give it the more you can shape the story to your liking. But if it gets to the point where you have to basically tell the story AI to do pretty much everything you want you might as well just write the story yourself because you are pretty much already doing that!

*012*2023-05-21 16:12

@UrineLover1

"This is a very interesting and original prompt, Jill. I'm curious as to where you came up with it."

I like Asian women, I like desperation and I like cats, it's really that simple! Although I think I mentioned in my opening thread that I was actually inspired by this manga that I was reading called My Cute Little Kitten where these two Asian women adopted a kitten that ran away from their house and they were chasing after it down the street and I just thought to myself what if they had to pee would they go to the bathroom first and risk losing the kitten or would they follow the kitten until they caught it before they went to the bathroom?

"If that were me, I wouldn't care if I wet myself... You best believe I would go after my cat! (PS, this is why my cats stay indoors, lol!)"

Yes I would definitely go after the cat as well, and for the purposes of the story if she didn't go for the cat there would be no story! But yeah my cats are indoor cats as well and they never really try to get outside as I think that they are pretty content sleeping all day in the sun and being fed regularly without having to do anything. I think that most cats, most house cats anyway I pretty content to just sit around all day and have people meet all of their needs.

"Did you use ChatGPT for this or some other AI device?"

I mentioned in my opening post I used https://toolbaz.com/writer/ai-story-generator

"I agree, I highly doubt we writers will go out of business any time soon, lol! But it is still astonishing that our society has come this far to have AIs of this technology! And yet, bathroom lines are still a serious issue, lol again!"

I feel that is a problem that even in AI will never solve. Like I've said in numerous threads I have resigned myself to the fact that I think that the ladies room line is inevitable in certain circumstances and that is just never going to be overcome in a reasonable way. Plus I figure that AI's wouldn't be highly motivated to solve that problem seeing as they don't need to go to a bathroom at all! Sort of like in my other story about being in a robot city without bathrooms.

*013*2023-05-21 17:21

I decided to give it the story another prompt based on a situation that is more true to what I have actually experienced and it's interesting to see the results that it gives.

Prompt: Jill has an outdoor job without any bathrooms available for six or seven hours at a time and while the guys will go outside and pee in the bushes Jill will not do likewise. She is unable to leave the site of her job in order to find a bathroom and getting another job is not an option. How will Jill managed to get through the day?

Jill had a job she wasn't so sure about when she first started. Working outdoors, she was required to stay at her designated spot for between six and seven hours every day, and there were no bathrooms in sight. Her situation was made worse by the fact that she was the only woman on the job site among a group of men.

She was too embarrassed to pee in the bushes like the men, and too uncomfortable to leave the job to find a restroom. The other workers noticed that Jill wasn't taking regular bathroom breaks, and teased her about it. Despite her reluctance, she refused to go against her sensibilities and take a leak in the loosest of places.

With time, the crew figured out that she needed a place to relieve herself, and began to offer her some ideas. One day, one of the men had an old canvas tent that he set up in a corner of the job site, strategically far enough away from their work area. Jill wasn't too keen on the idea at first, but as the alternative was too embarrassing, she eventually accepted the arrangement. All through her shift she took quick breaks into the tent to take care of her needs.

Once Jill was able to escape to her private space to relieve herself, she felt much more comfortable at the job. She was even able to focus more on the work and she became more productive than ever. By day's end she had come to terms with her scrupulousness, and came to appreciate how her supportive coworkers had made it easier for her to work without any shame or discomfort.

When I got that response I figured that I wouldn't use a tent like that because that's certainly wouldn't be adequate enough so I decided to give it a different prompt to see what it would do with that using the original story it already gave me.

Prompt: Jill had a job she wasn't so sure about when she first started. Working outdoors, she was required to stay at her designated spot for between six and seven hours every day, and there were no bathrooms in sight. Her situation was made worse by the fact that she was the only woman on the job site among a group of men.

She was too embarrassed to pee in the bushes like the men, and too uncomfortable to leave the job to find a restroom. The other workers noticed that Jill wasn't taking regular bathroom breaks, and teased her about it. Despite her reluctance, she refused to go against her sensibilities and take a leak in the loosest of places.

With time, the crew figured out that she needed a place to relieve herself, and began to offer her some ideas. One day, one of the men had an old canvas tent that he set up in a corner of the job site, strategically far enough away from their work area. Jill rejected this idea as she would only be willing to pee in a safe, clean private toilet but none were available.

| | However, one of the other workers, a handyman, soon stepped in to offer a viable solution. He had a spare portable toilet in his truck he used for his handyman business, and offered it to Jill. The portable toilet was kept in the back of the truck, and was clean and secure. Jill gratefully accepted the offer and used it whenever she needed. Over time, the whole team grew to understand and respect each other's needs and gave Jill the space to use the portable toilet.

Once again you can see how the chat software or the AI your whatever always tries to drive the end towards a positive and happy conclusion but I feel that there was one unrealistic because something like that's probably not going to happen. But I guess is it supposed to generate a story it wants to generate some kind of resolution where as in reality most of my stories and with the character going on to hold because that has just been my personal experience in general!

*015*2023-05-21 18:00

And one of my favorite scenarios that will someday but a Stephen king sized book!

Prompt: Jill was always a very funny woman and she and particularly loved toilet humor and scatological humor to a degree that her friends and family thought was rather inappropriate. Then one day a mysterious phenomenon occurs where all men and 95% of women no longer have to poop at all but the remaining 5% of women have to poop 7 to 10 times as often and 7 to 10 times as much, meaning that they would desperately have to go every couple of hours, and Jill now finds herself in this group and feeling embarrassed about the fact that she is secretly poop shy about going in public in a world where now most people don't have to go but that she has to go constantly, and doesn't want her friends to find out because she would never hear the end of it.

Jill's toilet humor was always a little too inappropriate for her friends and family, but nobody ever guessed that Jill was secretly ashamed of pooping in public.

It all started when a strange phenomenon occurred. All the men and 95% of the women no longer had to poop, leaving the remaining 5% of the population to poop 7 to 10 times as often and 7 to 10 times as much as before. Jill was one of the poor souls that was part of this group, and going to the bathroom quickly became a daily nightmare for her.

To make matters worse, her friends and family had no idea of her plight and only saw her disgustingly funny jokes about the topic she was most afraid of - going number two in public. On the one hand, Jill didn’t want them to find out about her sudden bathroom needs, yet on the other hand she didn’t want to lie or prevent funny conversations from taking place.

It had become a struggle for her between opening up and telling her friends and then being ridiculed for her excessive toilet needs or keeping it to herself and living with the fear of judgement if they ever found out.

One day, as Jill was pretending to go for a walk when she really just could not hold it in anymore, she finally realized that hiding her needs was only making it worse for her. As hard as it was for her to do, she worked up the courage to tell her friends about her plight, and surprisingly, they all offered her nothing but support and encouragement.

Jill eventually learned to be proud of her special needs, rather than ashamed, and with the help of her friends and family, she was soon able to joke about her condition rather than pretend it didn't exist. After that point, her toilet humor had a whole new level of appreciation.

*016*2023-05-22 18:15

@LifeIsStrange

"I tried using that A.I. thing and had no luck, despite me mentioning that my female characters badly needed to pee the A.I. never mentioned that once, I tried rewording it a few times but no luck. A.I. is simply no replacement for human writers."

I feel pretty confident that the AI's aren't going to take the writing jobs anytime soon. You can get it to incorporate the fact that the woman has to pee but in my case in the prompt I made at the main focus of the prompt for the story. But it is kind of annoying as sometimes I put aspects into the character that just don't get into the story that the AI rights. Like another one not related to fetishes I sort of had a character who had a sadistic satanic dominatrix and while it remembered to include that that was an aspect of the woman they didn't actually do anything that suggested that she was sadistic, satanic or dominatrix!

So yeah it's an interesting tool to say put your story plot lines into just to see what it comes up with but it's no substitute for writing the actual stories yourself. And like I said it always tries to move things towards a reasonable and generally happy or moral ending which is kind of the opposite of most of the stories I write!

*018*2023-05-23 16:43

@FullBladder85

"It definitely needs some work, but keep in mind it's only likely to get better overtime. ChatGPT has already improved dramatically over just a few months based on the results people have gotten overtime when having it take the Bar exam and other big tests to gain entry into certain careers. And image generation AI's have improved very rapidly as well."

So far the one that I linked in the opening post is the only story generator I have used. I haven't used CHatGPT that I actually hadn't even really been familiar of it until they had that South Park episode where I thought it was funny where they had Cartman doing a neo-feminist analysis of the situation in Afghanistan and like so obvious that they didn't write that. But it's true robots and AI are always getting more sophisticated and in another decade or two most jobs will probably be automated by machines but I think it will probably be a longer time before we can get genuine creativity and art out of robots but it probably will come at some point and then human beings will probably be rendered obsolete. But I in the meantime we can have fun with that at least!

"That said, I agree with you that it's interesting to put your own story ideas in it and see what it comes up with. It's very hit and miss, but some of what I've gotten looks pretty passable for a first draft of a short story. If a human were to edit say 20% of what the AI writes (i.e. fixing inconsistencies/errors, etc.) I think some of it's stories could be passable as a short story based on my experience with Omo prompts."

Yes it is rather interesting because I literally do have just documents and documents full of just plot summaries for story ideas most of which will never be written. But it is interesting to just put the plot description into this as a prompt and see what it comes up with. A lot of the time it actually can logically see where I would go with the story even though it doesn't have all the twists and turns I would put in when I'm actually writing it. But I think it does follow sort of a logical pathway and I think that there are lots of stories where you can kind of anticipate the basics of what's going to happen even if you can't get the full creativity of someone as strange as myself!

One of the useful things though is that does use a little bit of character description or give your characters names which saves me time of trying to think of names for the characters because when you write thousands of stories you basically reuse names over and over again.

And it's interesting that it does come up with certain imagery that I probably wouldn't have thought of like I put in my idea for that story I was going to write about the woman desperate on the boat party that was inspired by that other thread and it had the interesting line she was looking out in the horizon and seeing the water and it was making her have to go to the bathroom more and I thought that that's actually some pretty decent imagery to actually put in the story.

But yeah it can be very hit or miss and it does try to drive things towards a reasonable and generally happy or morally justified ending rather than something that is more bitterly ironic or poetic justice or just something that you wouldn't see coming like a twist or something like that. But it is also true that the more detail you give the story the better it can be.

Like one of the stories I tried doing something and I didn't like the plot that it had so I then copied and pasted what it got up until a point and then said that this doesn't happen and then it tries to come up with a different ending so you can basically keep giving it more and more suggestions on what it originally gives you and you can sort of direct the story into the path that you wanted to go in.

