The Triad bonus chapters

Author: Damien85

*000*2025-05-02 22:32

Alright, so I'm writing a novel that will almost certainly never see the light of day, but I'm having fun with it right now at least. It's more of a slice of life romance novel than anything else about the formation of a closed triad relationship. That said, one of the protagonists has an omo/wetting kink and sometimes when I get to writing, I go too far into smut territory and I have to clean that chapter up or remove it entirely. I decided instead of just throwing that content away, I'd format it a little and submit it here for your entertainment. If you guys like it, I'll keep it up for as long as I've got the motivation to work on the novel.

Now for the preamble telling you what you'll have missed by not reading the book that isn't available anywhere. There are three protagonists - Owen, Laura, and Jen. Owen and Laura are a happily married couple and Jen is an old friend of Owen's that was a maybe coulda been a thing, but circumstances never allowed for it. Jen re-enters Owen's life, one thing leads to another, and now they're giving this triad thing a shot. The other mentioned character is Jen's douchebag ex, Scott.

Enough of that. Hope you guys like it!

Our three protagonists are just leaving their favorite sports bar, high on life, wings, and beer. They emerge to the cool night air, clear sky with the moon shining brightly above and they decide to walk the two miles home instead of wasting this perfect evening with an Uber ride. In her drunkenness, Laura decided to start skipping a bit. Jen, thinking this looked like fun, decided to join her. Before long they were a good several paces ahead of Owen, holding hands and skipping along. Owen was in complete bliss. Enjoying the lovely night air, the warmth from the pitcher–and then some–of beer, and these two beautiful women. Then a sound interrupted his thoughts followed by the two stopping fairly abruptly. A distinctly un-ladylike noise had erupted from Laura’s posterior.

“Whoops!” she said through a laugh. “Well, I suppose it was going to happen sooner or later.”

“Does that happen often?” Jen asked, also giggling now.

“All the time.” Owen responded with mock annoyance.

“It’s not ALL the time!” Laura exclaimed with laughter and faux defensiveness.

Then Jen pipes up “And you don’t mind?”

“Why would I mind? It’s a natural thing, we’re outside, all’s good.”

Jen was a little taken aback. She had once let one slip in front of Scott and he acted as though she’d just slapped him. It wasn’t decent, it wasn’t ladylike, and it was insulting. At least, that’s how Scott explained his feelings on the matter. So she was careful not to do it again and when it did slip, she apologized profusely.

They had resumed walking and now Jen felt a little rumble in her guts. She decided, then, to test the boundaries here. She let it fly. An adorable little toot. This elicited a laugh from Laura and a comment from Owen.

“Oh man. You, too, huh?”

Jen giggled, yet another weight she didn’t know she was carrying lifting from her shoulders.

As they continued toward Owen and Laura’s home, the two kept letting their flatulence fly as they went, almost as though they were having a competition with one another. Owen finally commented -

“Alright, you two, I’m downwind and these are starting to get bad.”

Laura responded first, “I can’t help it! I think it was that new sauce. It and the beer aren’t sitting right.”

Jen after her - “Same here. Getting serious bubble guts.”

With that, Jen lets another one rip, this one easily the loudest of the night. Jen went a little red as the other two stared at her with a bit of shock. Then they started laughing. Jen, relieved, joined in the laughter. As it started to die down, Laura not wanting to be outdone -

“That was pretty impressive, Jen, but prepare to bow to the master!”

With that, she squared her stance, and she pushed hard.

Too hard.

It started normally enough, but it quickly shifted as a massive, wet bulge formed in the seat of her black leggings.

Immediately Laura stood back up and clenched, but it was too late. The deed was done. She went absolutely scarlet.

“Oh. My. God. Did you really just shit yourself??”

It was Jen, asking in complete disbelief.

“I thought it was a really big fart! Owen!! What do I do??”

At that, Owen and Jen’s laughter was renewed, harder than ever.

“Oh, oh God, I can’t breathe! It’s too much!!” Jen gasped out in between laughing fits. She was standing up straight, legs crossed, still laughing. “I can’t! Oh God, I’m going to pee!” This generated more laughter from the three, which only made it worse.

Then it happened.

The dark patch blossomed out from her crotch, hot and fast.

“Oh no!! I’m peeing!!” Jen squealed through even more laughter.

She wasn’t lying. She was fully wetting herself. Dark lines traced down her inner thighs, over her still crossed knees, down her calves, and into her shoes before overflowing them and puddling on the ground beneath her. Jen and Laura were both still laughing hard as ever, Jen actually tearing up at this point, but Owen’s laughter had begun to die down to a slow chuckle following Jen’s accident as he became aware of his ever tightening pants. Laura noticed first and looked back at her husband to see if something was wrong, but just as she was about to ask she saw it. She saw the fabric straining to contain him. The outline going halfway down the leg of his shorts was clearly apparent, even in the moonlight.

Laura’s laugh turned to a teasing giggle - “Looks like someone’s enjoying the show!”

Owen’s face reddened a little. The mess in his wife’s leggings was not doing much for him, but the wet streaks racing down their girlfriend’s jeans had his heart racing for sure.

Jen’s laughing slowed and she looked over, seeing Owen’s situation and Laura swaying seductively toward her husband, the bulge in the rear of her pants only slightly taking away from the sexiness. Jen knew what was coming next and she grinned, slinking her way over to Owen as well, wet pants swishing and shoes squelching.

Owen watched as these two beautiful, messy women marched his direction with fire in their eyes. Looking like cougars about to pounce on their prey.

“Jen, dear, we’re both going to be finishing this walk a little messy. What’s say we make our man here do the same?” she asked with authority in her voice.

“Oh, Laura, I do love the way you think.” Jen purred in response.

“Follow my lead, then.”

Jen did as she was told, first being directed to move behind Owen. Her hand went under his shirt and traced down to the waistline of his shorts. Simultaneously, Laura leaned down, showing Owen her cleavage and began tracing her finger along the shaft, stopping at the tip and swirling. Owen was twitching now.

“Hold on now ladies, let’s talk about this!” Owen pleaded, breath hitching.

“Hmmmm. Pass.” Laura said, still stroking softly, a spot of wetness already having appeared around Owen’s tip.

“You heard her, big guy.” Jen said as she moved down and joined Laura in her movements from the other side.

Owen started breathing harder, heart racing, desperately trying to hold on.

Laura went first, “Come on, baby, cum for us! You know you want to!”

Followed by Jen in a tag team Owen couldn’t decide was from heaven or hell.

“C’mon, Owen. I peed my pants. Please cum in yours?”

And with that, Owen lost the battle. He rocked forward and grunted as he completely emptied himself, spurt after spurt into his boxers, the stain quickly making its way through to his pants.

“There it is! Doesn’t that feel better!!” Laura said, all sweet and pleased with herself. “Now we all get to walk home messy!”

Owen caught his breath and shook his head, smiling.

“I can’t decide if you guys are the best or the worst.”

“Pfft, you know we’re the best.” said Jen.

“Damn straight.” Laura said as she went for the high five and missed, comically.

“Alright, you’re right you’re right, you two are the best.”

He kissed both of them and they resumed their walk home.

And that's part 1! I do have a part 2 to this story detailing more of their walk home. If anyone should request it, I'll get it posted next time I'm online.

*003*2025-05-10 21:54

Hey, someone asked! Well, here's part two.

They continued to walk mostly in silence. Just enjoying the night air and contemplating what was going to happen once they got home. Then Laura felt it. She needed to fart again, and badly. At first she was concerned thinking she probably shouldn’t be trusting any more tonight, but that thought faded quickly as the contents of her already messy underwear sloshed behind her, reminding her it was far too late for that. So, walking next ot her husband and their new girlfriend, she let go. Immediate relief followed by a rush of liquid blooming out from her ass and rewarming her mess. The squelch got the attention of Owen and Jen.

Owen cocked an eyebrow and just said “Again? You OK?”

Laura nodded and said “Yeah, I’m fine just had to fart again and I figured my everything is beyond saving at this point, so why hold it in?”

Owen just shrugged at that, but then Jen suddenly stopped, halting the other two.

“Everything OK, Jen?”

“Yeah, it’s just that I’ve had to fart basically since Laura shit herself, but I’ve been holding it because I don’t want to join in her fate.”

Owen smiled warmly and told her: “If you’d like to continue holding it, do so, but there’s no judgement here if something should go wrong. In fact, Laura would probably appreciate commiserating with someone.”

Laura suddenly went full cheerleader. “Yeah! Let it fly, Jen! Solidarity!”

Jen made her decision. She closed her eyes and relaxed. It was entirely silent, but, to Jen’s immense relief, it was entirely air. The look on her face gave it away to the others.

“Awwwwww! So lucky!”

“Looks like you’re feeling better. Ready to keep walking?”

Jen nodded and they resumed their walk. It wasn’t long before Jen felt the need to fart again. Emboldened by her earlier success, she decided to give it a push. A decision that she instantly regretted. She immediately stopped and clenched up, but it was too late. It hadn’t been much, but she had definitely just squirted diarrhea into her underwear creating a warm, sticky sensation as it slowly spread, soaking into the already wet fabric. Owen and Laura both looked back and Jen standing, clenching for all she was worth.

Laura with a cherubic smile - “Oh! Somebody got greedy and went for another gamble, huh??”

Jen frowned and nodded her head. Laura circled around behind her to get a better look. It was small, but she could clearly see a brown patch having appeared above the drying wet patch from her earlier accident.

“How bad is it?” Jen asked fearfully.

“Uhhh, it’s small, but definitely visible. Which is good news! It means you don’t have to hold on any more! Join meeeeee!”

Jen laughed, but knew that Laura was right. So she resigned herself to her fate and unclenched, spreading her legs slightly. Immediately her stomach pushed the entirety of its contents out causing the seat of her jeans to balloon out eliciting a cheer from Laura.

“Yay! Now I’m not the only one!”

They all laughed at the sheer absurdity of the moment. Owen wondering now what they’re going to do when they get back. He laughs and says

“I think I’m going to have to hose you guys off in the backyard.”

The two ladies laughed, but then realized he might have a point.

“A problem for future us!” Laura said.

Owen laughed and said “Alright, we good to go now?”

The ladies are going to nod, and then Laura’s going to feel a twinge in her bladder. She suddenly realizes she’s been holding her pee for a while now and hasn’t the foggiest idea why. So she asks the others to hold on for just a second while she stands and relaxes.

“No way you have to shit again?” Jen asked, incredulously.

To answer her question, Laura sighs and begins peeing. Heat blooms in front of her before running down the inside of her thighs and puddling on the concrete path below.

It’s difficult for Owen and Jen to tell at first, but the gentle hiss, the moonlight reflecting against the fresh wetness of her leggings, and, finally, the slow expanding puddle beneath her.

“Aaaaah, that’s better. Now we can go!”

They all laughed and finished the walk home.

