Female Boss Refuses Break (an AI chatbot generated short story)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2023-01-07 19:01

I gave a chatbot an omorashi themed writing prompt and the results were pretty good:

"Create a short story about a female boss who won't let her male employee take a loo break"

Once there was a female boss named Sarah who was very strict and demanding. She ran her company with an iron fist and expected nothing but the best from her employees.

One of her male employees, Dave, had been working for her for several years and had always been a model employee. However, one day Dave really needed to use the bathroom. He asked Sarah if he could take a quick break to use the facilities, but Sarah refused.

"You can't just take a break whenever you feel like it, Dave. We have a deadline to meet and I need you to focus on your work," Sarah snapped.

Dave tried to explain that he really needed to go, but Sarah wouldn't listen. She told him that he could wait until their lunch break in an hour.

Dave couldn't believe what was happening. He had never had a problem taking a bathroom break before, but Sarah seemed to be determined to make him suffer. He tried to hold it in, but eventually he couldn't take it anymore and ended up wetting himself right at his desk.

Sarah was furious when she saw what had happened. She screamed at Dave and told him that he was gross and immature. Dave was humiliated and embarrassed, but he knew that he couldn't let Sarah's behavior continue. He decided to speak up and tell her that what she did was wrong.

To his surprise, Sarah listened and apologized for her behavior. She admitted that she had been under a lot of stress and had taken it out on Dave. From that day on, Sarah made sure to be more understanding and compassionate towards her employees, and Dave was able to use the bathroom whenever he needed without any problems.

*002*2023-01-08 17:12

{{17 hours ago, Bf1fan said:

I’ve spent an unhealthy amount of time on this service in the past few days

}}

I've been quite impressed with it, you can throw different ideas and scenarios and it'll produce some decent short stories with an Omo theme. Lacking on detail maybe but perfectly fine as a foundation for building on.

