Go Go Power Rangers

Author: desperation_fan

*000*2020-06-21 21:39

So, this story comes from the request thread, courtesy of @LifeIsStrange

. It's the first chapter of two, since there was more to the request. I also have ideas for several followup stories featuring different female rangers from different eras.

Chapter One

The bell rang, signaling the end of another school day at Angel Grove High. Jason, Zack, Kimberly, Billy, Trini and Tommy exited Ms. Applebey's classroom. Jason, Tommy and Zack were talking about their plans after school, while Billy was checking his notes. Kimberly and Trini, however, burst out of the room looking frantic. The two girls were working on a health class project, studying the effects of drinking eight glasses of water daily for two weeks. This was day three and the girls' bodies were still adjusting to the changes. Kimberly kept twisting her legs and holding herself. Meanwhile, Trini wore a tense expression on her face and couldn't stop bouncing up and down. Neither girl was able to go to the bathroom during class today, having used up their bathroom passes for the week. Their health teacher had offered to write the girls a note, but they had declined, not wanting special treatment. But now they were paying for their humbleness, as they'd had to hold for the last hour.

"Argh! Kim, I have to pee!" Trini said with a slight laugh. Despite the discomfort, she had to admit it was kind of funny. Poor Kim was twisted up like a pretzel, and she was sure she looked just as funny.

"Me too, Trini," replied Kimberly through gritted teeth. "Why did we agree to do our report on hydration?!"

"You girls ok?" Jason asked, grinning at his two squirming friends. The guys knew about the project and couldn't help but be amused at their self-imposed plight.

"They've been consuming such copious amounts of liquid that they're experiencing a severe need to micturate." That was Billy.

"Say what?" asked Zack.

"He said we need to pee really bad," Trini translated. "And he's not wrong," she added, crossing her legs tightly, matching Kimberly's stance.

"I'm sure Ms. Applebey would have let you go during class, if you explained the situation to her," said Tommy.

"And then we'd be known as the girls with the tiniest bladders in school? No thanks," answered Kim.

"Ugh, can we stop talking about it and go to the bathroom?!" Trini asked, sounding very desperate. "Before I wet myself?"

The guys laughed. "Go," said Jason.

"We'll catch you girls at the Juice Bar," added Zack. With that, Trini and Kimberly took off down the hall, practically running.

***************************************************************************************************

From her palace on the Moon, Rita Repulsa gazed through her telescope, observing the girls as they headed for the bathroom. "Perfect," she thought. "PUTTIES!" she shouted. "ATTACK!!!"

***************************************************************************************************

Kimberly and Trini rushed down the hall, towards the nearest girls room. Kimberly was wearing a pair of jeans shorts that showed off the aspiring gymnast's long legs. She also wore a pink button-down shirt, while her brown hair rested at her shoulders. Trini, meanwhile, wore a pair of black yoga pants and a plain yellow shirt. The Asian girl's black hair hung down the back of her neck. Both girls cut very stunning figures on an everyday basis. Right now, though, the only thing on either of their minds was getting to the bathroom before they embarrassed themselves. But, just as they reached the promised land, there was a flash, then a swarm of Putties appeared in front of them.

"Now?!" Trini asked desperately.

"Seriously, Rita?!" Kimberly shouted in exasperation, as they assumed battle stances. The two girls engaged the Putties, but in their current state, they were no match for the foot soldiers. Trini tried to fight off two Putties, but both clay commandos caught her with simultaneous kicks to the stomach, doubling her over in pain. Instinctively, her hands dropped to her crotch, as she was afraid she'd lose control and leak.

"Trini!" Kim shouted in concern as her friend scooted back against a wall, trying to maintain control over her bladder.

"I'm ok!" replied Trini, to Kim's relief. That relief was short lived, however, as one Putty grabbed her around the waist, from behind, causing her to squeal in surprise. She clenched as the creature's arm squashed her full bladder.

"Come on, Kimberly," she muttered to herself. "Hold it, hold it..."

"Hang on girls!"

It was Jason. The guys charged in, helping the girls fight off the Putties. The Putty holding Kim let her go in order to help his comrades, who were taking a beating from the more focused guys. Kim decided to make a run for the girls room, but Goldar, Squatt and Baboo appeared in front of her and Trini.

"Hahahaha!!! I don't think so, Power Rangers!"

"Goldar! Please, Trini and I have to go, like, really REALLY bad!" Trini nodded, both girls pleading with the gold monster to let them pass.

"I'm sorry, ladies, but Rita has plans for you! Putties! Forget the others, grab these two! NOW!!!"

The Putties seemed to snap back to attention, charging the girls. Tommy tried to stop them, but was knocked back, as we're Jason, Zack and Billy. As Trini watched, Goldar suddenly grabbed her. She gasped, then disappeared from view. Kim tried to make a desperate dash for the bathroom, but a Putty grabbed her by the back of her pants, yanking her back. Kim winced at the wedgie she received, then felt a familiar jolt go through her body as she disappeared as well.

"Trini! Kim!" Jason shouted, as his two friends vanished.

"We've gotta call Zordon," said Zack.

Jason punched his communicator. "Zordon, we've got problems."

"YES, JASON. ALPHA AND I HAVE BEEN MONITORING THE SITUATION. TELEPORT TO THE COMMAND CENTER IMMEDIATELY."

The guys lined up and tapped their communicators, vanishing in streaks of red, black, blue and green light.

***************************************************************************************************

Kim felt another jolt, then she opened her eyes and found herself in a dark room, lit only by some red candles in every other candlelabrum. She stood with her legs pressed tightly together. She bent over slightly, her hands buried deep into her crotch.

"Where am I? Trini?! Where are you?!"

"Kim?! Is that you?!"

Kimberly heard her friend's voice, but it sounded muffled, as if she was on the opposite side of a door or wall. "Does Rita even have doors?" she wondered. It was a silly thought, but it temporarily took her mind off of more pressing matters. "Yeah, it's me, Trini! Are you ok?"

"Yeah, except that I have to pee like a racehorse."

Kim winced. "Me too. Where are you?"

"I'm in a dark room with a few candles. How about you?"

"Ditto. This must be Rita's doing!"

"HAHAHAHA!!! RIGHT YOU ARE, RANGERS!!!"

"Rita!" Trini exclaimed, as if it could be anyone else.

"I don't suppose you have a bathroom around here," said Kim dryly.

"NOT FOR YOU TWO, I'M AFRAID. I'M SURE YOU BOTH MUST BE BURSTING, FROM ALL THAT LIQUID INSIDE YOU."

Kim squirmed.

"ALL THAT PENT UP PEE, WITH NOWHERE TO GO. I BET YOU'D LOVE TO JUST PLOP DOWN ON A TOILET AND LET LOOSE.. "

"STOP!!!" That was Trini. "Listen to me, you witch! Kim and drank TWICE our weight in water today and we haven't been to the bathroom since lunchtime. If you don't let us use a toilet, you will wish you did!"

Kim was shocked by her friend's outburst, but Rita just cackled.

"OH MY DEAR, YOU ONLY THINK YOU HAVE TO PEE. WHEN I'M THROUGH WITH YOU, YOU'LL KNOW WHAT IT TRULY FEELS LIKE TO HAVE TO GO!!!"

Both girls gulped loudly. Suddenly, Kim felt her body being pulled against the wall. "What's going on?!"

"Kim! Something's happening!"

"Trini!"

Both girls felt metal cuffs appear around their ankles and wrists. Their legs were forced apart by the structure of the pillars they were being chained to, making their need that much worse.

"Kim, my arms and legs are chained to the wall!"

"Mine too, Trini!"

"I have to pee sooooo bad!"

"Ugh, Trini, please! I'm about to burst!"

"HAHAHAHA!!! AND WE'RE JUST GETTING STARTED!!!"

A metal strap suddenly appeared around Kim's waist. "Rita, what is this?" The strap began to tighten. "Rita stop! Don't!"

Trini screeched, "DON'T YOU DARE PUT THAT THING AROUND M-AAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!! OHMYGAWD STOP!!!!"

"OWWWWW!" Kim screamed as the strap squashed her bladder.

"HAHAHAHA!!! I'VE BEEN LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS!!!!"

"Argh... Kim, my bladder's going to explode!!"

"Rita, why are you doing this?!" Kim demanded.

"BECAUSE I WANT TO SEE YOU BOTH WET THOSE PRETTY PANTIES OF YOURS!!!"

"That's sick!" said Kimberly.

"Our friends will rescue us!" added Trini.

"OH I'LL TAKE CARE OF THAT!!!"

***************************************************************************************************

"Finster!" Rita called out, no longer projecting her voice to Kimberly and Trini. "Finster, I need a monster! Something to keep the other four Power Rangers busy while I play with their pretty female companions."

"My Queen, I have just the thing. Prepare to meet the Rhinocesauruscorn!! Part Rhinoceros, part Tyrannosaurus, part Unicorn, ALL WOMAN!! She'll deal with those meddlesome teenagers once and for all!!"

"Excellent! Do it, Finster. I have to return to our pretty prisoners."

***************************************************************************************************

*WHEW* *WHEW* *WHEW*

In the Command Center, the alert siren was going off. "Zordon, what's going on?!" asked Zack.

"RITA HAS SENT DOWN THE RHINOCESAURUSCORN TO KEEP YOU PREOCCUPIED."

"But what about Kim and Trini?" Jason asked

"ALPHA AND I WILL CONTINUE TO LOOK FOR THEM WHILE YOU FOUR BATTLE THE MONSTER. YOU MUST GO, NOW!"

"It's Morphin time!" Jason called out.

"DRAGONZORD!"

"MASTODON!"

"TRICERATOPS!"

"TYRANNOSAURUS!"

The four guys disappeared from the Command Center and reappeared in the city. "There it is," said Tommy.

The Rhinocesauruscorn was a large, imposing figure, with dinosaur-like feet, leathery grey skin, a silver lingerie set(covering the monster's inexplicably curvy rear end and large breasts), a sparkling white horn on her forehead, alluring blue eyes, full, juicy pink lips and long, luxurious blonde hair. "Hello there, boys," said the monster in a sultry southern drawl that none of them were expecting. "We're gonna have us a good time." The four Rangers looked at each other and gulped...

***************************************************************************************************

Kim and Trini were still chained to pillars in Rita's dungeon. Trini squirmed against her bonds, but all it did was pull the chains tighter, including the one against her bladder. The more she struggled, the more her poor, aching bladder was crushed by the metal strap. "Argh..." she grumbled. She was in pain from the amount of liquid trapped inside her abdomen at that moment.

Elsewhere, Kimberly was experiencing the same feelings. Her tummy felt like it was on fire. The pressure in her bladder kept getting worse, yet here she was, chained to this wall, at the mercy of an evil space witch. The strap against her abdomen was uncomfortable, but she found if she didn't struggle, it wasn't too bad. But the fact that she already felt like a human water balloon meant that it was only a very small comfort. "I have to goooooo..." she whined under her breath.

"RANGERS!!!" Rita's voice bellowed, startling both girls (Kim let out a small spurt before regaining control). "THIS IS SOMETHING I'VE BEEN LOOKING FORWARD TO FOR A LONG TIME!!" Both girls braced themselves for whatever Rita had in store. But instead of a spell or a physical attack, nothing happened. Trini and Kim sighed in relief, but then.

Drip.

Drip.

Drip.

Trini closed her eyes and tilted her head back, while Kimberly just groaned. "DRIP! DRIP! DRIP, RANGERS!" Rita then appeared in front of Kimberly. "Come on, Kimberly. Drip! Drip in your undies!" She then appeared in front of Trini. "Just like a leaky faucet, Trini. Drip!"

It took every ounce of willpower the girls had to not wet themselves. Trini gritted her teeth, while Kim hummed to herself. Both girls clenched every muscle they could, even as the sound of dripping water tormented their already tortured bladders. They both wanted relief so badly, but neither could stand the humiliation of actually wetting themselves. Rita took notes of Kimberly, who was humming "Three Blind Mice" to herself.

"Oh poor, little Kimberly. Let me help you out." She then began projecting her voice for both girls to hear. "THE ITSY BITSY SPIDER WENT UP THE WATERSPOUT! DOWN CAME THE RAIN..." Both girls tensed up. "AND WASHED THE SPIDER OUT!" Trini groaned, wishing she could cover her ears. Kim tapped her fingers frantically against the wall. "THEN ALONG CAME THE RAIN..."

"You already sang that part!" Kimberly yelled.

"AND WASHED THE SPIDER OUT!"

"Oh my God, enough!" Trini said.

"DOWN CAME THE RAIN AND WASHED THE SPIDER OUT!!!!"

"STOP!!!" screamed both girls.

"HAHAHAHA!!! FINE THEN. BUT I'LL BE BACK SOON FOR ROUND 2!!!"

Drip.

Drip.

Drip.

"If I get my hands on her..." muttered Trini as Kimberly groaned and shut her eyes.

Drip.

Drip...

***************************************************************************************************

In the city, the other Rangers charged the Rhinocesauruscorn. Tommy struck with his Dragon Dagger, then Jason with his sword. "Now really, boys, is this how you treat a lady?" asked the monster, before she knocked the two to the ground. Zack and Billy tried their luck, but the monster was able to throw both of them onto a nearby parked car. "Really. It's time to teach y'all some manners. Starting with..." She aimed back and forth between the four Rangers, before settling on Billy. "You!" She then fired a beam of psychedelic colored energy at the Blue Ranger, who seemed to go into a trance.

"Billy! You ok?!" asked Jason, concerned.

"Blue Ranger, do you vow to obey me and only me?"

"Yes, Mistress," responded the mesmerized teen.

"Yo Billy, snap out of it, man!" Zack called out.

"Then destroy the others!"

"Yes, Mistress!"

"Aw man!" Tommy said.

Billy drew his Power Lance and charged at his teammates...

***************************************************************************************************

Drip.

Drip.

Drip.

Trini was in agony. She had squirmed and struggled so much, that the strap around her waist couldn't get any tighter. Her bladder was pushed in, causing the Yellow Ranger painful spasms. There was no question that she had to pee, quite badly. "I can't hold it much longer," she thought. "But wetting myself? I could never! What would my friends think?!" She would just have to keep holding it in, until the choice was out of her hands. She just hoped she would be rescued before her muscles have out on her...

Drip.

Drip.

Drip.

Kim tried in vain to free her wrist from the chains. "If I could just get my hand between my legs, I'd be..." her thoughts trailed off. We wanted to say she'd be ok, but the truth was, she was past that. She had already released a (small) spurt of urine into her panties. And while it had only been a tiny amount, the seal had been broken. The Pink Ranger knew it was only a matter of time before the floodgates opened. "But that would be sooooo humiliating!" she thought. She couldn't wet herself. She had no choice but to tough it out for as long as she could.

"HAHAHAHA!!! I TOLD YOU I'D BE BACK!!!"

Rita's voice again startled both girls, this time, Trini felt her muscles start to give way. "Nononononono!!!" she thought, as she forced her sphincter closed, using every bit of strength she had. She wasn't sure, but she thought a drop had gotten out. She moaned in pain, caused by a combination of her restraints and the effort it had taken to avert disaster. She wasn't sure she'd be able to handle whatever Rita had planned next...

***************************************************************************************************

Billy struck Jason with his Lance, knocking the Red Ranger to the ground. "For you, Mistress!"

"Good boy," the monster said. "But please, call me Rhiannon."

"Yes, Mistress."

"Eh, whatever. Hmm... I think you could use some back up, though." She powered up her horn, chose her target, then fired another powerful beam of energy, engulfing Zack. The Black Ranger slumped over, completely under Rhiannon's control. "Do you hear me, Black Ranger?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Get the Green Ranger!"

Immediately, Zack attacked Tommy, who tried to block without having to hit his friend. "Zack, man, take it easy!"

"Come on, Zack! Fight it, man!" yelled Jason.

"Mistress said get the Green Ranger!"

Zack leapt in the air and delivered a jump kick, knocking Tommy to the ground, where he landed right at Rhiannon's feet. "Your turn, darlin'," she said as she fired her mesmerizing ray at Tommy. The Green Ranger, who had been trying to get up, dropped to his knees in submission.

"I am at your command, Mistress."

The monster grinned, as Billy, Zack and Tommy surrounded Jason. "Three down, one to go..."

***************************************************************************************************

Drip.

Drip.

Drip.

"WELL, IT SEEMS YOU TWO HANDLED ROUND ONE OK. BUT NOW, LET'S REALLY HAVE SOME FUN!!!"

*WHOOSH!!!*

Suddenly, the dripping sound turned into a gushing sound. Both girls let out loud moans as the sound tortured them and messed with their minds. They wanted to release their bladders so badly already and this was making it worse. At least they had been able to tune out the dripping after a short amount of time. But now this gusher was reminding them of the gushers they wanted to make themselves.

"HAHAHAHA!!! HOW DOES THAT FEEL?! KIMBERLY?"

"Rita, please, stop this. I can't take much more. Please don't make me have an accident!"

"TRINI?"

"I'm in pain. I don't know how much longer I can last!"

"AWWWW. SO SORRY, RANGERS. MAYBE THIS WILL HELP!"

Suddenly, the girls were surrounded by water imagery. Waterfalls. Babbling Brooks. Sprinklers. Hoses. Showers.

Toilets.

Trini and Kimberly groaned and squirmed and closed their eyes. This was too much. Rita was really going to torture them until they wet themselves! Was there any hope of escape?!

***************************************************************************************************

"Aye aye aye Zordon! The Rhinocesauruscorn has three of the Rangers under her control! And we still haven't been able to get a fix on the girls!"

"RITA IS HOLDING THEM HOSTAGE, WE JUST DON'T KNOW WHY. BUT SHE MUST HAVE THEM IN HER POCKET DIMENSION. IF WE CAN GET THEM OUT, THEN WE SHOULD BE ABLE TO TELEPORT THEM BACK TO EARTH."

"But Zordon, how do we free them from the pocket dimension?"

"JUST DO EXACTLY AS I SAY, ALPHA. WE ARE GOING TO SAVE OUR GIRLS."

***************************************************************************************************

*WHOOSH*

Kimberly was on the verge of wetting herself. There was no doubt in her mind what the outcome of this situation was. She longed to be able to cross her legs or hold herself or do any number of small other things to relieve the pressure, but it was hopeless. "There's no use delaying the inevitable, I guess." Kim started to relax...

*WHOOSH*

Trini was in unbelievable agony. Her bladder was being squeezed by the metal strap, trapping it inside her abdomen like a trash compactor. Her tummy and her lower back ached from the weight of her bloated bladder. It would be so easy to just let it all out right now...

"HEY! STOP! WHAT'S HAPPENING?!"

The girls could hear Rita shouting, then felt everything around them shaking. Suddenly, they were upside down!

"Trini, what's happening?"

"Hang on Kim!"

Both girls screamed as the restraints disappeared and they started falling. They each let out a few spurts of pee as they suddenly landed on the ground. When they opened their eyes, Rita was sitting on the floor of her palace. Trini looked up and smiled, as she jammed her hands between her legs, while bouncing on her butt. It was the Megazord!

*BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP*

Kim hit a button on her communicator, then held herself with her free hand. "Thanks for the rescue, Zordon!"

"But how did you find us?" Trini asked, while squirming uncontrollably.

"Hold up," said Kim. "Zordon, before we go into details, Trini and I really, REALLY need to go to the bathroom!" Kim was bent over

"Really!" Trini added with a giggle, her legs twisted up like a balloon animal.

"I'M SORRY RANGERS, BUT THERE'S NO TIME. THE RHINOCESAURUSCORN HAS BILLY, ZACK AND TOMMY UNDER HER CONTROL. JASON NEEDS YOUR HELP!"

Both girls groaned. "Stupid Rita," said Trini, casting a death glare at their nemesis. "Let's go help our friends."

Kim turned beet red as she held herself harder. "Ugh, don't say "go!"" Trini smiled and patted Kim on the leg, the Pink Ranger returning the smile. Both girls grimaced as they pulled themselves up to their feet, their bladders pulsing, burning, throbbing, screaming to be emptied. They both reached behind them...

"IT'S MORPHIN TIME!"

"PTERODACTYL!"

"SABERTOOTH TIGER!"

The girls felt themselves being teleported to the city, their bodies temporarily dematerializing, before reforming in the middle of Downtown Angel Grove. They briefly held themselves, before assuming battle stances, at least as much as their bodies would allow them in their current state. They saw the Red Ranger being held by the Blue, Black and Green Rangers, who were dragging him towards the monster. Jason looked up and saw the girls. "Kim! Trini! Am I glad to see you two!" Just as he said that, Rhiannon blasted him, putting him under her power. "JASON!" both girls screamed as the team leader succumbed to the monster's power.

"HAHAHAHA!!!" The monster turned to face the girls. "Well, now that it's just us ladies, allow me to introduce myself. My name is Rhiannon..."

"Yeah, that's nice," said Trini. "But we're in a hurry here?"

"Yeah," said Kim. "Nature calls."

"RHIANNON!!!" Rita's voice boomed overhead. "I WANT THEM TO BE HUMILIATED!!! BEFORE YOU DESTROY THEM... DESTROY THEIR BLADDERS!!!!"

"My pleasure! PUTTIES!! ATTACK!!" The gray foot soldiers appeared, surrounding Kim and Trini. Exasperated, the two girls attacked, more aggressively than either was usually known for being. But Rita was going to learn why you never come between a girl and the bathroom. Trini pulled out her daggers and struck a charging Putty, causing it to instantly disappear. Kim started firing arrows, which struck and disintegrated every Putty they hit. Trini then dove at the monster, throwing he daggers, which bounced off her massive breasts. "Huh?" Kim leapt up, landing on Trini's shoulders. She then fired several arrows, which bounced off the monster as well. "What?!"

"HAHAHAHA!!!" The monster cackled as both girls resumed holding themselves. "Your weapons are useless against my impenetrable armor!" The monster fired an energy blast, which caused both girls to be wracked with pain. They flew through the air and landed on top of a pair of parked cars. "Oh no!" Trini gasped.

"Trini, what is it?"

"I'm leaking!" Trini responded in a horrified whisper.

The monster approached the Rangers, smiling triumphantly. "And now you're mine, Rangers!" She went to grab Trini, but Kim kicked the monster in the face. Rhiannon responded with a slap, knocking Kim back to the ground. She then reached down and picked up Trini. "Say goodnight, Yellow Ranger!" Trini struggled in the monster's grasp, but as she did, she felt her last bit of control vanish. Her face turned bright red under her helmet, as she began flooding her suit. "Oh my God," she thought. "I can't believe I'm wetting myself! And in my Ranger costume, too!" But as embarrassed as she was, at the same time, she couldn't deny how good it felt to finally let it out. She had been in agony, her bladder stretched beyond it's limits, beyond anything she had ever felt before. She let out a sigh of relief, which soon turned into an almost-orgasmic moan. Part of her wouldn't have minded if she kept peeing forever...

Kim looked on in horror as urine began to leak through Trini's suit, turning it a darker shade of yellow. She felt bad for her best friend, but at the same time, watching Trini wet herself only made her need that much worse. Her abdomen was swollen, even through her suit, she looked bloated. It was only a matter of time before her own muscles gave out on her. She at least took comfort in the fact that their humiliation would be shared. The urine started dripping on to Rhiannon's armor...

"AHHHHHHH!!! WHAT IS THIS FOWL SUBSTANCE?! IT BURNS!!!"

Trini snapped out of her reverie and cut off her flow (painful as that was). "Huh?!" Something was hurting the monster! She looked down and saw that the monster's "bra" was melting. Then she realized. "Kim! The monster is harmed by urine!"

"Are you kidding me?! How is that possible?!"

"Who cares, at least we have an excuse to pee!" Trini exclaimed as she resumed her business.

"On the monster?!"

"Do you have to go or not?!"

"IT BURNS!!! MAKE IT STOP!!"

"...Trini, our lives have gotten really weird!"

"Kim, stop whining and just pee, already!"

"NOOO!! MY SERVANTS!!! STOP HER!!!"

Jason, Zack, Billy and Tommy snapped to attention and surrounded Kimberly. Kim assumed a defensive stance, but immediately felt the painful, burning pressure in her bladder. Zack and Billy grabbed her arms, while Tommy and Jason drew their weapons. "Please guys, it's me, Kimberly!" Jason struck with his sword, causing sparks to explode across Kim's chest. "Ow!" Kim felt herself being yanked back up, as Tommy slashed her with his Dagger, causing more sparks. Kim was ready to explode, but she struggled to hold it in. Trini was depending on her, but she didn't know how much more she could take.

Trini was still draining herself over the monster, who's breast armor had completely dissolved by now. "Ugh. Hold on..." Trini cut her stream off again, but she still had plenty left in her tank. "Oh my God, this sucks!" She desperately tried to reposition herself over the monster's lower body. "ARGH!! GREEN RANGER!! STOP THE YELLOW RANGER!!!" Trini got herself in position, but before she could release the rest of her urine, Tommy's Dragon Dagger connected with her chest, causing sparks to fly , along with Trini herself. "AHHHHHHH!!" Trini crashed against a dumpster. "No! Nononono!!" Trini cried out as her bladder emptied the rest of it's contents on it's own. As she sat in a puddle of her own pee, her exhausted bladder totally empty, she realized that it was up to Kimberly now. "Kim, hang on! I'm coming!"

Kim absorbed another blow from Jason's power sword, which not only caused sparks to explode, it ripped through her costume, exposing her bulging abdomen. Rhiannon leaned against a parked car, watching the battle. "GET HER! FORCE THE PISS OUT OF HER!!! BUT ONLY I GET TO DESTROY HER!!" Kim winced as Billy and Zack tightened their grip, her bladder on fire. Trini was in awe at how swollen her friend's bladder really was. Thinking quick, the Yellow Ranger leapt up and struck Zack, then Billy with her daggers. "Sorry, guys!" she said, as she then pivoted in mid-air (much easier now that her bladder wasn't weighing her down) to hit Jason. All three male rangers were knocked to the ground. "Hurry, Kim!"

Kim ran towards the monster, who fired an energy beam at her. Kim dodged and leapt up, but wasn't able to get her usual height. As she drew her bow, she was knocked out of the air by Tommy's Dragon Dagger. The impact tore the rest of the top of her costume, exposing her chest, covered only by her pink bra. She fell to the ground in agony, one hand holding her crotch, while the other rubbed her swollen abdomen. She was dying, she had to pee so bad. She couldn't hold it in much longer, or she would explode. Tommy stood over her, his weapon drawn. Trini moved to help Kim, but was grabbed and thrown aside by Jason, her head crashing against a brick wall, knocking her out. "Trini!" Kim shouted.

"HAHAHAHA!!! Poor Pink Ranger, stripped and helpless. And look at that big target!" Rhiannon laughed, pointing at Kimberly's swollen bladder. "Green Ranger, kick her in the bladder!" Tommy stood over Kim, menacingly. He lifted his foot, but Kim put her hands up. Tommy kicked her hands aside, then stomped down hard on Kim's abdomen. The Pink Ranger whined uncomfortably as her entire stomach was wracked with pain. She could feel the urine starting to leave her bladder, flowing into her urethra. "Oh no!" she gasped in horror. "AGAIN!!!" shouted the monster. Tommy lifted his foot, directly over Kim's bladder...

*THUD*

Trini threw one of her daggers, knocking Tommy's to the ground. As Tommy looked up, the second dagger hit him in the chest, knocking him down. "Kim!"

"Trini, it's coming out!"

"Damn it Kimberly, you will not let a drop out until you're on that monster!"

"I can't help it, Trini! I'm-"

"Jump."

"Huh?"

"Jump towards me, Kim."

"But-"

"Just jump, then get ready to pee!"

"I've BEEN ready to pee, Trini!"

"JUMP!!" yelled Trini

Kim took a running start a leapt as high as her aching bladder would allow her. Trini caught her feet and launched her towards the monster. "Now, Kim! PEE!!!"

"Uhhh!"

As Kim sailed through the air, she felt her last bit of control slip away as her bladder emptied, with more force than she had ever experienced before. Her panties and costume bottom were already soaked before she even landed. She sprayed the monster with her urine as she flew towards it, landing crotch-to-crotch with her.

"ARGH!! STOP IT!!!!" the monster screamed, her voice dripping with agony. "YOU'RE BURNING ME!!!"

Trini watched as the monster smoked and began to spark. "Keep it up, Kim! You've got her!" Trini couldn't believe how forcefully Kim's pee was coming out of her. Her own stream had been slow and steady and lasted a while, but Kim had a waterfall coming of her out of her.

“Gawd that feels goooood...” moaned Kim.

“STOP IT!”

Kim had dissolved the monster’s metal panties. “Got anything left, Kim?” asked Trini.

“A bit,” answered Kim, still in a daze.

Trini nodded, then launched herself at the monster, hitting her hard in the chest with her daggers. “Kim, finish her off! Pee on her face!”

“...seriously?!”

“KIM! Do it!”

Kim sighed and arched her back, causing some of her urine to flow onto the monster’s face.

“NO!! STOP!! I CAN’T TAKE ANYMORE!!!”

The monster was smoking and sparking hard now.

“Trini, I think I’m done!”

“Good job, Kim! I think I have enough reserves to end this fight!”

With that, Trini leapt into the air and landed in a squatting position over the monster’s face. As Kim rolled off and sprawled on the ground, exhausted, Trini forced another long stream, drowning the monster’s face in pee.

“NOOOOOO!!! I CAN’T BELIEVE IT!!” yelled Rita as her monster sparked and smoked, then exploded! Trini lost her balance and fell on her butt, the remaining pee she had in her forming another small puddle under her. The Yellow Ranger breathed a sigh of relief. They had defeated the monster and finally relieved themselves. The other Rangers shook their heads, trying to clear their mind’s of the monster’s control.

“Man, what happened?” asked Zack.

“I feel completely discombobulated.” said Billy.

“Kim? Trini?” Tommy noticed the two female Rangers, particularly Kimberly, who’s bra-covered chest was exposed to her teammates.

“What happened to you two?” asked Jason, noticing their soaked costumes.

“It’s a long story,” said Trini with a smile.

“But if it makes you guys feel better, it was totally gross!” added Kim.

The two girls laughed, as the guys looked confused…

