Long girls bathroom line (where some girls use boys urinals)

Author: DesperateQueue

*000*2025-04-12 04:19

As is often the case, there is usually a line at the girls bathroom, but rarely in the boys bathroom, especially in public places.

But let’s suppose there are a ton of people are at a crowded restaurant or bar (or even a movie theater, amusement park, or sporting event). The bathroom configuration is that the girls bathrooms have 5 toilets, and the boys bathrooms have 7 urinals and 3 toilets.

There are a ton of girls that are desperate to pee, but there are at least 50 girls in line (possibly more), so a group of desperate girls decide to use the boys bathroom (where there are “some” boys, but there isn’t much of a line in there). Anyway, there is a line of girls waiting to use the 3 toilets in the boys bathroom, and that line is so long and some of the girls in that line can’t wait either, so some of them decide to pee in the urinals instead. Could you imagine being a guy peeing in a urinal with a girl right next to you squatting to pee in a urinal as well. Wouldn’t that be “hot”?

Most of the girls in these lines are wearing crop tops (where you can see their belly), and hot pants (short shorts that are just barely long enough to hid their underwear and private parts).

Wouldn't this be “fun”?

*002*2025-04-12 21:18

{{8 hours ago, wether said:

I think, the girls in mens bathroom should pee in the urinals, not in the stalls.

}}

Some may decide to do so if the line for the stalls in both the men’s and women’s restroom is way too long. And then it would be interesting if there are some boys peeing in a urinal next two one of the urinals that the girls are peeing in. That sounds “hot” to me, especially after noticing the long bathroom line as well.

*005*2025-04-15 05:44

{{1 hour ago, wether said:

There may be some boys who are not glad that the girls enter their bathroom, but there might be some boys who could suggest the girls to pee in the urinals and NOT the stalls, and standing front to the urinal as the boys do.

}}

I think it would be very tough for the girls to pee in the urinals while standing up for a very simple reason. They don’t have a penis the way guys do. Even if the girls are lining up for the stalls, some of the boys could still see some enjoyment out of that, especially as they are struggling to hold it in while waiting in line, and the peeing sounds they make while in the stalls.

There are also other creative places the girls could pee, such as in in their pants, in the sink, trash can, floor, or even on each other (although unlikely).

*007*2025-04-16 04:06

{{18 hours ago, wether said:

I know the women have a different "peeing device" than men but I also know there are women who can do it (possible some pee misses the target though).

}}

I’d be curious to see that in action for the girls, because I don’t see how they can do that without peeing all over themselves. Of course, I unfortunately also know that boys (even with a penis) do seem to have an annoying habit of “missing the target” as well.

*013*2025-06-17 03:35

{{On 4/25/2025 at 10:07 AM, PeePeng said:

Actually saw this. Was at a Kid Rock concert, was at the urinal, I hear a girl saying she can’t wait, drops her shorts, backs up to the urinal next to me and starts pissing. I moved my left foot closer, as I didn’t know how good her aim was going to be.

}}

Sounds hot, especially if you were peeing while that was going on. Did they have dividers between the urinals to block what you can see nearby?

*016*2025-06-27 00:07

{{1 hour ago, PeePeng said:

She backed up to the urinal to piss.

There were no dividers.

}}

That does sound hot. If you don’t mind me asking, what do you believe caused her to decide to pee in the urinals. Was there a long line for the toilets in the boys bathroom, and if so, did that line consist or primarily boys or girls (or both). I didn’t ask about the girls bathroom since you didn’t see it, but I wouldn’t be surprised if there was a long line in there as well. How many urinals and/or stalls were there in this boys bathroom (if you can remember)?

