A Pause For These Messages...

Author: desperation_fan

*000*2020-10-03 13:57

Chloe anxiously tapped her fingers on the steering wheel.

"Come on, come on..." she muttered in a frustrated tone.

A large white coffee cup with a familiar orange and pink logo sat on her dashboard. She glanced down at it, a rueful look on her face. On the passenger seat, three full water bottles and one half-full bottle peeked out of her gym bag, while two emptied laid on the floor of her car.

"Stupid liquid," she groaned as she pressed her thighs together.

The young, blonde, fit personal trainer was on her way for a first-time appointment with a new client. Being a huge advocate for hydration, she had chugged two bottles of water immediately upon waking up. While she had made sure to use the bathroom before leaving her house, she had a long drive ahead of her, two hours to be exact. She had begun drinking a third bottle in the car, plus she stopped at her usual drive thru for her usual coffee. The ride had been fine for the first hour or so, she sipped her coffee and listened to the radio. But soon, she noticed that all the cars on the road were moving less and less, before stopping altogether. Amidst the horns honking, she realized she had gotten caught in a traffic jam. Before things had grinded to a halt, she had already begun to feel the slightest hints of a familiar tingle in her abdomen. She had started scanning for a possible location she could pull into for a pitstop.

Now, about fifteen minutes later, that tingle was now a persistent, unignorable urge. Chloe had to pee. She had one hand on the wheel, because her other hand was jammed between her legs.

"Argh! I've gotta goooo!!!" she moaned out loud, to nobody.

Her bladder felt so full, she wasn't sure how long she could wait, but she didn't have much confidence in her ability to hold it for very long. She was wearing tan capris, which would absolutely show everything if the unthinkable happened. So she was in quite the predicament. She tried looking to see if she could turn around, but it was bumper to bumper as far as the eye could see.

"Ooohhhhhh..." she moaned, putting her head down on the wheel in anguish.

And so she waited. It was all she could do. The seconds felt like minutes, while the minutes felt like hours. She had all that liquid coursing through her system, looking for an escape hatch. Try as she might, she knew she was on the brink of disaster. She glanced at the coffee cup again. She cursed herself for getting a large, but she lived and died by her morning Joe. But now that usual morning salvation was the cause of her suffering. She held her crotch for dear life, knowing it would only help for so long. The dam was going to burst soon. Her eyes welled up with tears as she happened to glance at the coffee cup again. Then a lightbulb went off in her head. She could pee in that cup! Quickly, she began running through the physics in her head as she grabbed the half-full cup. Opening her window, she dumped the rest of the coffee out, wincing a bit at the sight and sound of liquid hitting the ground. She unzipped her pants, but had to stop to clench her sphincter shut.

"Just a little bit longer..." she kept repeating to herself.

Lifting her butt off the seat, she went to pull her pants down, when...

*HONK*

"GET THE LEAD OUT, LADY!"

Chloe looked up and saw traffic was moving.

"Shoot!"

She sat back down and began driving, her bladder urgently signalling for the relief it had been denied. She was about to resign herself to the indignity of wetting her pants, when she saw it. Her salvation. A white sign with those two glorious words written in pink and orange. With a smile on her face, she turned off and pulled into the parking lot. After parking and zipping her pants back up, she bolted out of the car and ran inside. The ladies room was right by the entrance and unoccupied. She rushed in, dropped trough and plopped herself into the seat. After a few moments, a look of relief crossed her face.

"Ah! Heaven..." she moaned.

She exited the bathroom after a few minutes and approached the counter.

"Large hot regular, please."

Moments later, she was getting back in the car, with her coffee and another hour of driving ahead of her. As she pulled out, she grabbed her phone and dialed a number.

"Hello? Yes, this is Chloe. I'm going to a little late..."

"WHETHER YOUR FILLING UP, EMPTYING OUT, OR BOTH...

AMERICA RUNS ON DUNKIN'S."

