The Popstar and the Pee Bucket

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2024-06-28 17:35

I guess you are in luck because I have not had any success getting off of my fetish binge so I think I'll probably be writing a lot of stories in the next couple of days. But I mean after the experience I had I'm not going to be able to get out of that mindset for a while, it was exhilarating and infuriating at the same time as I detailed in my last entry and very elaborate detail, when you experience something like that it like completely consumes your mind so I am still completely consumed with bathrooms. I mean it's a good thing that I didn't have my summer job again because then I think I would never get out of my head when it comes to bathroom access. Sometimes it's hard to think about anything else.

This was a story that I wrote last night really quickly inspired by an article I read about Taylor Swift having to go to the bathroom using a pee bucket underneath the stage and I thought that that would make a funny idea for a story so I hope you enjoy. This is one of my relatively brief stories and unlike a lot of stories this one actually I think has sort of a male main character even though it is still focused entirely on female desperation.

Blog link https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/16214.html

The Popstar and the Pee Bucket

"Tammy Lynn, can I please have your autograph," Mike said as she ran up to the popstar as she was there in her one-piece body suit looking rather attractive.

"I'm sorry but my show is starting, so I can't give out any more autographs, you'll just have to wait until another occasion," Tammy Lynn said as she got up on the stage.

Mike had been waiting for hours to get an autograph, and the fact that she just blew him off like that was truly infuriating. As he sat there in the audience and she began singing he had to admit she still was a great singer and a great dancer, but he noticed something as the show went on and as intermission was approaching.

"Is it just me or does her dancing seem a little bit agitated," Mike said to his date Alicia.

"I think that I know that dance all too well from personal experience," Alicia said. "I'm willing to wager that she has to pee and that she has to pee extremely bad!"

Mike had to admit he started feeling the blood rushing to a certain area of his anatomy. He didn't know what exactly it was but taking a beautiful popstar like Tammy Lynn and thinking of herself with a terrible throbbing pain in her bladder was something that was making him rather excited. And the fact that she blew him off from an autograph was making him feel like she deserved a little bit of payback from the universe like that.

"And it is certainly not easy to pee when you are in a one-piece outfit like that," Alicia said.

"What does someone like her do when she needs to go to the bathroom during the intermission, you know there's no way she's going to get in with all of those lines, especially if she has to adjust her wardrobe," Mike said as she started imagining all of the possibilities of her being stuck inside of that little outfit like that.

"You almost sound like you are glad that she might not get to go to the bathroom. But it's true there's no way she's going to be able to get to a bathroom during intermission, but I heard that popstars like her use sort of an emergency pee bucket underneath the stage. It allows her to go down underneath the stage and maybe while she's getting changed she can take a quick pee in the pee bucket and then she finally is relieved."

"Do you think that it is actually true?"

"I don't know but I could use a pee bucket myself right now, so I had better beat the crowds to intermission I'm going to be standing in line for the next half hour."

Mike had to admit he wouldn't mind his girlfriend also having to wait in line for a half-hour to go to the bathroom, or maybe better yet to come back without getting to go to the bathroom at all. Then he would be able to admire both her and Tammy Lynn dancing for a toilet for the next hour or two.

Mike's curiosity ultimately got the better of him, so he decided that he would go underneath the stage and that was when he saw it, it was a pee bucket. Well he didn't know it was a pee bucket, but it was a bucket underneath the stage, so that sort of suggested that the idea that it actually was the mysterious pee bucket was actually probably true.

As he looked around he didn't see anybody coming, so he decided that he would grab the bucket and run off with it. That would teach her to stiff him on an autograph.

A few minutes later Tammy Lynn came down jumping up and down crossing her legs.

"Jesus, where's my God damn pee bucket," Tammy Lynn said as she danced around in place. "I really can't go back out there without having a pee break."

Mike had to admit he had been drinking a lot, so he started urinating in the pee bucket, but he realized that as he peed into the bucket it was hitting the metal of the bucket making his urination sound really loud.

"Jesus Christ is somebody peeing in my bucket right now?!" Tammy Lynn said and that was when she saw Mike, and as soon as she was looking over in his general direction he started running off with the pee bucket. "Get that back, I really have to go!"

"I'm sorry Tammy Lynn, but we are on a really fixed schedule here, I guess you'll just have to cross your legs and hold it," her assistant Samantha said.

"But I have to go so damn bad!" Tammy Lynn said grabbing herself and hopping up and down. "Dammit why did somebody have to take my pee bucket?"

As Mike ran off with the pee bucket he ran back to his seat still carrying the bucket, and that was when he ran into Alicia who was sitting in her seat already with her legs crossed.

"Let me guess, you didn't get to go to the bathroom did you?" Mike said.

"I guess I'm going to have to be watching the rest of the show with my legs crossed, if only I could just pee into the men's room like you did, and even for the men's room though you were back pretty quick, by the way what's in that bucket?"

"You probably don't want to look in that bucket right now," Mike said as he put the bucket down.

A few minutes later the intermission was over and Tammy Lynn was on stage in a new type constricting outfit, but it looked like she was standing there with her legs crossed, and although she was still doing her dance routine she seemed to be doing it awkwardly.

"Well it looks like I wasn't the only one who didn't get to pee," Alicia said and Mike had to admit this was a pretty good concert, not only was he seeing his girlfriend desperate but he was seeing the star of the show fighting with a painfully full bladder.

Finally as the show was over Tammy Lynn looked like she was about to pass out or piss herself or both, and as soon as the show was over she went bolting off of the stage like a bat out of hell.

"Well I had better bolt if I want to get to the bathroom anytime soon," Alicia said as she ran to the ladies room and was surprised to see who was behind her. "Hey, you're Tammy Lynn!"

"You think maybe I can cut you in line, my normal bathroom option has seemed to fail me," Tammy Lynn said as she danced in place grabbing herself, and at this point she was so desperate she didn't even care the fact that a lot of people were taking pictures of her.

"Well maybe I could think about doing that, but I think you should do one thing first, my boyfriend Mike and I would like an autograph," Alicia said as Tammy Lynn gritted her teeth, crossed her legs tightly, and signed some autographs for both of them.

As Mike got his autograph and watched the two women standing there squirming in line he had to admit this was the best concert of his life, he got to see his girlfriend desperate, he got to see the star of the show desperate, he got the autograph, and even better he got something that would make this totally unforgettable.

"So what was so special about this bucket again?" Alicia said as they left the stadium but Mike simply shook his head and laughed to himself.

The inspiration for this story was pretty spontaneous and simple, I was reading on the omorashi board about how somebody posted about how apparently at a Taylor Swift concert supposedly she and a lot of other people like her have what is equivalent to a pee bucket underneath the stage that they can use to relieve themselves during the show. So I created a fictional popstar sort of in the mold of Taylor Swift, but unlike Taylor Swift is kind of a bitch so it makes it more satisfying as poetic justice when she gets her comeuppance, and the guy basically gets revenge on her by stealing her pee bucket, and I just thought that that was kind of funny and hilarious idea for a story.

But it does make you wonder because I always figured in a three-hour show that she would probably just hold it in, you probably have to figure that celebrities who have shows like that and don't really get that much of a chance to go to the bathroom might actually have to take extreme measures, otherwise it would be nice to think when you are watching them on stage that they are also suffering extreme bladder pain! That is something that is sort of humbling when you think about it, no matter who you are, no matter how rich and famous you are, everybody has to go to the bathroom at some point!

*002*2024-06-28 21:27

@trekkie

"lol about the inescapable fetish binge! Your loss is our gain, it seems."

I can say that is totally true unlike firing on all cylinders like today I was going to write or try to finish writing my novella from my other pseudonym for a different fetish but then I started getting ideas about here and there goes that option. But if I extend my writing time I can still make up the difference if I go now and don't get distracted any further. I did have a couple of other desperation stories that I might end up writing in the next couple of days depending on how long the fetish binge last. But this one, it's the first one I've had an eight months and it's making up for lost time!

