Omo War III: Desperate Times

Author: DaCoolCat

*013*2017-09-12 01:12

"*No new messages."

DAY 3

The woman lovingly rubs her diaper with a lewd look on her face before finally coming to a climax. Something about Claire seems to have driven her over the edge as she stares at the younger girl for a while longer before falling to the ground. It seems like she's gone to sleep. Looking over to Claire, she has quite a bit of drool on the side of her mouth as her head bobs sleepily up and down with her eyes half-closed. She seems to be drifting off, too.

"Hey! Don't you fall asleep on me. Claire!" I say to her, lightly shaking her shoulders.

"... Well, I'm not carrying her," Solomon says. "I'll take the backpack from her and we'll just... leave the woman here, I guess."

"Alright. *Sigh, carry my shotgun, too."

At this rate, she'll run out of pants before humility...

Pulling Claire's left arm, I drag the front of her body onto my shoulders where one of them just happen to be unlucky enough to press onto her bladder, dampening that side's sleeve of my grey long-sleeves as she spurts a few couple ounces of pee past her diaper and through her jeans' soaked thighs.

"Ah! Goddamn it."

"Hahaha, ahh. That's disgusting," Solomon says.

We walk the length of the road again to return to his house with every passing five or six minutes or so being an old joke where Claire would decide to lose herself, leaving wet, temporary tracks behind us. At this point, even my black cargo pants aren't safe. The worst moments, though, are when her pee gets into my right boot, making it all squishy. But I can't complain. Claire's clearly got the worst deal. Not only was she miserable throughout this whole thing (even when she tries to keep a kind and playful attitude), her ordeals with the organic manipulation gas and liquid have left her surprised every single time. The shock she must've endured would've cracked several tough men, by now. The miles passes by quickly under our feet as we spend the time deep within our own thoughts.

"Alright, I'll go on inside and open up the garage door for you. I'm gonna put some newspaper on the ground, too, so you can put her down," Solomon says to me.

I watch him as he climbs the small steps to his front door. The winds blow about cool air and I could feel Claire shivers. I take a look at the only front front window that's not missing glass and I could see the glare of the sun over the woods in the serene isolation of the house. The trees behind us are moving slowly and, as I look closer, the girl I'm carrying is breathing softly besides my ear. Her hair is swaying to the pattern of my slight-steps. Her heartbeats are beating against my neck and her wet pants are gleaming in her still-wet pee against my now smelly right shoulder.

Ugh, what a way to ruin the mood.

The garage door then opens. Solomon motions me in. He shows me to where he'd set up the 'protection' against Claire's aggressive bladder, but it isn't really fair for her to be embarrassed like so.

I don't know if I should leave her here.

Though my body is tiring, I decide to push myself just a little more.

"Actually, let me bring her to the bathroom so I can clean her up," I say to Solomon. "Hand me a diaper."

"Here, take this one. It'll do a lot more for her than the pull-ups," he says as her hands me an adult diaper.

"By the way, where'd you get all these?"

"I was gonna stock the store with them before a damn war broke out. I knew a shit-ton of people were gonna make their way uphills to find shelter from the floods and I knew that not all of them were gonna be nice folks. So, I did the smart thing and kept my business to myself."

"Ah."

I carry Claire in my arms over to the bathroom, which is just across the living room on the other side of a small hallway. I put Claire down on the toilet, resting her head on the green bathroom tiles of the wall, before placing two towels down on the floor over the brown rug next to the shower. I then put Claire down there, laying on her back, and just try to wake her up, again.

*Sigh, it's still no use.

"Hey, by the way, if you use the towels, wash them afterwards and hang them in the morning!"

"What?"

"I don't want to waste electricity!"

Even though Claire isn't so unconscious that she doesn't move at all, I feel dreadfully worried that she could be really sick. I put my right hand against her temple: her temperature seems normal. I press two fingers against her wrist to check her beats - fine, too. But that's all I know.

"Hey, Claire? I'm going to change you now, okay?" I say to her.

I don't know what else to say... I go ahead and start changing her. I sit her up and first remove her black leather jacket. I throw the jacket on the bathroom counter. Next, I remove the scrunchie and let her hair loose, hoping she might find more comfort laying her head this way. I then attempt to take her black jeans off. This... will take a bit of effort. The puffiness of her pull-ups doesn't make it easy. Once it comes off, I get to removing the diaper, carefully working it with my thumbs and forefingers as to not get the sticky, slightly yellow pee on me. When I get the diaper off, I -.

"Hey, Al. Whoa... uh, I - um... thought you might want or need this," Solomon says as he appears in the bathroom's doorway out of nowhere.

Solomon hands me a box of wet wipes, covering his eyes with a vertical palm and disappearing once he's done.

I take a few wet wipes and wipe, as quickly as possible, her legsinnerlegsoutterlegsbacklegslowerlegsbottomandprivates.

Phew.

It's bizarre diaper changing someone who is legally an adult by themselves, but who's still like a child to you. I wrap the towels over her lower body to let it dry before putting her in a clean diaper. I adjust it to make it look as snug on her as possible.

..... Nope, no baby powder. She'd wake up just to faint again out of embarrassment.

Finally, I pick her up in my arms and bring her to the couch in the living room. Solomon sees me heading over with the girl and he, with understanding, gets up from his spot.

"Alright, alright. I guess it's time I go do some exercise," he says before going into the hallway and exiting through the door to the right side of the house. I put Claire down on the dark beige couch and drape the red flannel-patterned wool blanket over her. Before I commit myself to this, I decide to grab a book as well. I walk diagonally across the room and scan the old shelves for something interesting.

Ah, this one.

I reach for a familiar sight.

"Tales in Cthulhu Mythos," I remember this one treating my imaginative childhood quite well.

I grab the book and sit down next to Claire.

...

For some reason, I want her to rest her head on my lap. Something in me yearns for it... instead, I move her body over so that she could put her head on the armrest of the couch and her feet would just barely touches my right knee from under the cover. I open my book to read, turning the volume of the TV down lower and lower every now and then. Soon, my body would give out on me and I'd fall asleep.

3 HOURS LATER

I wake up to the smell of some sort of cooked fish. I groggily look over my left shoulder to see Solomon with some food on the small maple wood-looking dinner table that stands about 5 feet behind the couch. I then see Claire behind him cleaning the area around the stove and its kitchen counters in her red tank top and a pair of green pants with white stripes. They haven't made out that I've awoken, yet.

"Hey, Al. Do you want something to eat?" Claire says to me.

Or maybe she's more aware than I'd thought.

"Yah, *yawn, I'm hungry."

"Okay."

She sits me down at the table (yeah, really. She's pulling out my chair and everything) and brings over a palette of... homely looking dishes. Looking at it now, it smelled even better when I was on the couch.

"Hey, aren't you gonna sit down and eat, too?" I ask Claire.

"Yeah, I'm almost done," she replies, blushing for an unknown reason until she says, "Lemme use the bathroom, first."

I shake my head in jest at her innocent, easily flustered face.

It's pretty cute, actually... I won't be bothered by these types of things pretty soon.

"You know, she's pretty special," Solomon says, breaking the little bit of silence that we had.

"Oh yeah?"

'Yeah, man. I mean, look at how she's using the bathroom all on her own. That's pretty impressive, especially when her body's getting slammed by all the stuff that's in the air outside."

"Huh, I guess that's... very true."

"You know it's true. Don't sell yourself short, you know a lot of things. In fact, I think you might even know something that I don't," Solomon says, making eye contact with me.

He's onto me, I think, but how?

"I don't think so. I've known her for, like, three days," I say to him.

"So those 3 days warrant as enough time for her to let you do something to her like what you did yesterday?"

"Come on, man."

This is going fr enough.

"Come on, man," Solomon says in a mocked tone of voice. "Who's your buddy on the phone? Huh, buddy?"

Just as he says that, Solomon drops my phone with the Message app open to the secret conversation. Everything that has been said between me and 'him' had been revealed. Everything becomes dead silent until a toilet flush. I reach for my phone and grab it.

"Now, I'd be lying if I said that I ain't mad... but you know I already have trust issues. No, I trust you, I trust Claire, and that's why I let you two in my house. But, please, don't disrespect a friend who's just trying to do something nice, for once, by lying to his face and talking behind his back," he says.

"Alright, I've got it... if you've read the whole thing... you know -"

"Yeah, yeah, yeah. You guys still don't trust me, I get it. I was never really a part of the crew and I've still yet to become part of the crew. It's fine, I never really cared."

"No, shut up for a second. I mean that you're not a doctor."

"Oh... yeah, that's right. So?"

"So, you understand my concern for Claire? I don't just want to put her in good hands, I want to put her in the best hands."

"I see. Well, then I can still help you," Solomon says as he starts to poke at his fish, again. "You remember 'Dunking' Duncan? The basketball guy from - uh, high school?"

"... Uh, yeah?"

"Well, I was still friends with him up until his last year of college. After that, we didn't talk much anymore. I know where he lives, though," he pause to painfully unlodge a fish bone from between his teeth. "He was trying to become a doctor."

"That's surprising, but it's pretty good news to us."

"Sooo...?"

"...? So, what? You expect a kiss on the cheek?"

"No, what are we gonna tell Claire?"

Solomon looks down as he says that, waving his right hand over the unfinished fishes that are on our plates.

"I'm gonna tell her that her cooking really sucks, alright? Now, how are we going to navigate the city?"

"We're not. You and Claire will."

*014*2017-09-12 01:18

{{1 hour ago, JLH99 said:

What's your favorite kind? I like brown sugar and cinnamon.

}}

Bland. It makes me feel like I've accomplished something after eating it.

*017*2017-09-13 13:05

"... So, let me get this straight: the guy reached into your pants pocket while you were sleeping, freaking took your phone, somehow got through your password, read our conversations, and now wants you to take Claire to Red-light District City so that his poorly made-up friend, 'Dunking Duncan' (which is, by the way, the stupidest name I've ever heard), can, uh, "help" us?... Let's skip forward because you already know my point. Efficiency is all that it takes to survive, Albert, but it was never as simple as it is now. It's good that you had found Solomon when you did, but now, I've found someone better.

Within this safe military compound on the west side of the city, you'll find my contact, Ben. Yep, 'that' Ben. 'Ben 10' from high school. You remember him, right? Alright, no trigger fingers. He's an actual contact to get in. Claire, though, is going to have to be disguised as a boy. The people in there are all bad guys, for your free information. Criminals. Yep, they've really taken over. You'll be fine... I mean, you've still got your tattoos. The gangs inside (well, they're more like a Mafia now, but whatever) are the Bowies, the Dues (your favorite), and the Killicks. Try to make friends. You three (third one's Ben) are going to be a family (cousin, cousin, and uncle). Stay safe.

As of now, I've managed to recruit a very experienced doctor to our cause. Soon... we're going to save everyone.

... well, their dignity."

DAY 4

"I... don't know how I feel about this..." Claire says.

After thanking Solomon, we left to walk the northwestern outskirt of the city. Out here, there are less trouble. But soon, we'll have to go inside the city before we arrive at the military compound.

"If he thinks it's necessary, then I think we should try," I say to her. "Hm, and look."

I exhale a translucent cloud of breath.

"Winter's going to make it easier for you."

"... I don't know."

Claire suddenly looks away from our conversation, shifting her gaze down as she notes the sun. It wasn't her voice, but something had told me that she's sad about... something that's been missing. It's an atmosphere of loneliness and (actually) it might be because of what happened after when we first met. I realize that we haven't really talked the same way as we did back then, not for the past 2 days. Of course, I would try to start a conversation with her. But then, she wouldn't even try to maintain our discussion.

So, what is it, Claire? I ponder to myself.

"I think I miss my friends," she says softly,

"Oh."

It makes sense, Claire was probably alone for a whole week or so before I came to her because Lui was called in for some sort of emergency... and these are the real memories.

Those are real memories.

These things are real because they exist.

While others only make sense when I tell myself to understand.

.....

"You know, nature has a funny way of making you be true to yourself," she speaks to me all of the sudden. "Even when things have been... super strange."

"Yeah... hey, watch out for the drop."

"I think you were thinking about something, too. Weren't you?"

"Mhm, I was. And I was real close to a revelation, too... until you started talking."

"I bet you were thinking about Solomon -."

"Nope."

"- and how you love~ him!" Clare says, smiling before covering her mouth and giggling.

"Good one. Professional jokester. Real mature."

"I'm youthful. That's what you miss."

"Nah, I was thinking about how much resources we're gonna lose because we'll have to trade them for diapers," I say to her as I feel Claire with her glow of embarrassment.

Actually, her acting like a baby is quite endearing in some sort of way.

"That's not fair! I was perfectly fine until I had to go outside!" She says, stomping her feet as we move on.

Claire and I walk on past an open backyard and fence and through a cul-de-sac, glad for a change from the uneven ground of the outdoors. We walk to a street that leads downward a hill, which finally ends us up at an intersection. From here, we can start to see (and smell) the chaos that was brought forth once. Whiffs of pee could be smelled from potholes... where there's still some. There are spots on the street where they're covered with semen.

So, some people would even go to take advantage at a time like this, huh?

Surprisingly, there's a lot of them.

"I wonder how long it's going to take for the police departments to get back on their feet?" Claire asks.

"I don't think they will. Honestly, the female population is way too important to be sabotaged like this. As a nation, we could be headed for annihilation."

"Well, I was hoping I'd feel better after hearing you reassure me, buuut I guess I was wrong."

"Okay, well. Let's go shopping, then," I say to her.

"Huh?"

Looking at Claire, her black (washed) tank top, black leather jacket, and woodland camo pants (also washed) are much too formfitting on a young, ripe female body. Her incredibly proportionate assets make it way too easy to (ahem) assume her gender and, if the plan is to proceed, it's time for her to change. And, there's also her orange ponytail...

Hmm, I'm going to have to do something about her hair, too.

I lead Claire into a nearby clothing store that I remember shopping in when I was a young adult: Hot. Topic. Sadly, the company had opened at quite a late period of time as I had then moved on to cheaper things (because college). I break through the door and look over to my right -.

"Hey, excuse me!" Says a voice from behind the store's counter to the left.

I didn't notice it when I first came in, but there's someone standing just right there. A very pretty, dark-haired woman in her early-thirties is looking straight at us. She has a modest body frame: not too tall, short, thick, or thin. She has a curious look on her face, one of questioning and amusement directed at the two strangers standing in front of her door. Her boobs are C cups - for cute - and her top is a black (of course) t-shirt that has a short line of roses on each of her bodacious tatas. Her skin is a healthy tan and her eyes are a beautiful, bombshell blue.

And if there is a God, he'd let me see her butt, too -.

"Umm, hi," the woman says.

"Hello!" I say to her, a little too enthusiastically.

"Hi," Claire says.

"Are you guys not from the city? I saw you walking down the street."

"Yeah."

"Yes, we are. Or, aren't. Uh..."

"Well, it's good to see that not everyone is gone! I was really worried that it'd be just me and my little brother left in this part of the city. Hey, actually, can we stick with you two? You look like you know what you're doing and... we've been stuck here for so long, ever since the floods! After that, all we could do is scavenge food from the restaurants nearby and the McDonald's across from here. Will you take us somewhere else that's also safe? Please? I promise that's we'll share our food. So, please?"

"Alright, alright. Okay."

Claire looks at me subtly from the side.

"But here's the deal - hold on. Can you bring out your little brother for me?"

"Yeah, sure. Evan? You can come out now!" The woman says.

The little brother turns out to be only a child. The little kid walks closer between Claire and his older sister, looking up at Claire once, but then turning away as Claire looks in the other direction... to not make eye contact and..... fidget around a little with her....... restless legs and... feet that tiptoes.

Oh, jeez, Claire...

I look more carefully towards Claire and, sure enough, she's giving me all the typical signs of when she needs to go potty: the shifting of her weight from foot to foot, the crossed arms that hide her fingers from tugging on her own sleeves, even the very forward leaning that transitions into Claire acting like she's stretching or looking at her boots - all there.

"Ah. Hey, there, little guy," I decide that it would be best to get this over with quickly and distract them - the brother and sister - so I could tend to Claire. I crouch down to Evan's level. "How are you doing?"

"....."

"Well, that's okay," I say to him, standing up. "Umm... I'm sorry, what do I call you?"

"Oh! My name is Bella. Sorry!" Bella says to me, smiling as Claire does a twist n' dip from out of her view.

"Alright, here's the thing: me and Claire are heading into a (...)"

I begin talking about our current plan to enter the compound and blending in with the members of the Due, explaining to them that I have a contact in that specific gang. Since Claire already knows about this, she excuses herself to "browse" the store's clothing for an inconspicuous male outfit as part of the plan (or, more truthfully, finding a place to openly grab herself or pee discretely into her diaper). Finally, Claire walks behind the counter as I finish the breakdown of our plan.

"Okay, I think we've got it," Bella says.

"Good. Now, get an outfit ready. Me and Claire will be waiting outside."

"Alright."

"Claire -."

Before I could get to her, there's a soft pitter-pattering on the wooden floor of the store. I look over to Claire as she continues to urinate herself.

"?"

"A-ah, Bella! What are you waiting for? We've got to get a move on!" I say to her.

"Oh, r-right!"

"Grab something quick and go to the back to get changed!"

Just as Bella darts out of view with Evan following her, I rush around the counter... and I see Claire is completely drenched.

"Claire, why didn't you ask Bella to let you use her bathroom?"

Turns out, Claire wasn't even close to finish as her bladder pulses again, causing her hands to above her belly and her knees to rub together.

"I-I've been going little by little d-during our walk, b-but I thought that it would h-hold! Ahhh~."

The massive shadow on her crotch grows a new shade and she twitches as she wets herself again.

"Hold it in!"

"I'm s-still t-t-trying!"

Soon, a steamy pool of urine appears on the floor underneath her and rivers of pee that have been pooling up in her boots now spills out to merge with the giant puddle. Her hands desperately tug her shirt down in front as to block my view of her most shameful wet spot.

"Claire, take of your pants."

"W-w-what?! Right now?!"

I reach for her button and begin unbuttoning it, pulling her pants down with a forceful, dirty, and wet *slosh! It smacks against the floor and splashes a bit of wee everywhere.

"A-Al? Please, hurry..."

Her diaper is thoroughly saturated, bloating like a balloon. Her padding is mostly clear, this time, but a tint of yellow is there. I go to pull the diaper down too, but then...

"Hiii! W-wait! There's more c-commminggg!"

"Oh, for the love of -!"

Claire squats down on her bloated, drenched diaper, entrapping it between her knees and empty crotch as her body twitches again. The pee hits the pad and, because it's so full, bounces off and she basically urinates a whole stream of hot pee onto the knee of my pants.

"H-hey! Claire!"

"I'm really sorry! Huuu, there's nowhere else for it to -."

She suddenly stops... in everything, every motion. Somehow, even though she couldn't before, Claire closes off her bladder. Her urethra squeezes and her face freezes and I, with an indescribable nervousness, look up to see Bella peering at us from the back's tiny hall.

"..."

...

"... This may sound cliché, but it's not what it looks like."

*019*2017-09-15 14:00

"*No new messages."

DAY 4

After the incident, Bella did surprisingly well to comfort Claire while I was picking out an outfit for her to change into. Claire, hot with embarrassment, had asked me to hand her a clean diaper and a towel before walking into one of the store's changing rooms. Bella had insisted on just leaving the puddle there, saying that there's no point if we were to head out soon. I take the time now to look over Bella to make sure she's ready.

"Don't worry, it's understandable: Claire's situation, I mean. Things were waaay worse back when the floods first started," she says. "There were seven girls, who were checking out our clothes and trying them on, who suddenly lost their bladder control. Simultaneously! I was stuck working an extra shift because we didn't know that the bombs were dropped and we should be getting the heck out of here."

And that reminds me... why isn't Bella affected by the parasites? She might've dodged them for the first couple of days, but she did had to go outside to search for food (according to her). By now, she should be an infected...

"Oh, yeah. Claire's a lucky girl - probably had all her immunization shots or something," I say to her. "By the way, what about you? How come you don't look like you're affected by it?"

"Huh?"

"The air, it contains a special parasite that releases a toxic gas that makes you 'have to go'," I explain. "When it starts to look like it's not effective anymore, the parasites themselves then latch onto you, making you - uh, for lack of a better word, horny."

"O-oh, um. Actually, I'm not sure of it myself," Bella says, a bit flustered.

She tosses her hair backwards over her shoulders as she looks outside the store's windows (which are also their front walls as massive clear panes). The light has finally managed to reach us, stinging the left corners of my eyes and rising just above Bella's plump lips as I look at her. Her jaws seem soft, but prominent with their oval shape. Her skin seems warm. While we're sitting on a low table, her legs are crossed to compliment themselves as much as possible in their grey, long cargo pants. Her hands, gripping on the edge of the table, allow her arms to lock on their elbows, complimenting her chest region by pushing her breasts forward against her blue padded jacket. Her shoes are a common pair of white sneakers.

"... Ponytails."

"Hm?"

"You and Claire are gonna have to wear a ponytail. I think she might have an extra band or two," I say to her.

"Ahh, you're right."

Bella has relatively short hair - only coming down to about an inch below the middle of her neck in the form of a bob - so, for her, it would be easy. Claire's, though, is long, messy, and textured (and with its bright color, not very masculine for the deception we need). It would be hard to trick anyone into believing that she's a boy, even with a ponytail.

Hmmm...

"Oh, she's done. I'm gonna go talk to her about it, then. Okay?" Bella says.

"Hold on, lemme go talk to her too."

We walk together over to Claire (who's now dressed in an olive jacket with a tan fur hood, a pair of black baggy joggers (with extra room for her diaper), and her original pair of black, combat-like boots). Looking at us, her still flushed face becomes ever redder, maybe out of fear that we might be wanting to talk to her about the accident.

"Hey, Claire! Are you feeling any better?"

Claire nods for Bella's answer.

"Good, because you're too cute to be upset about anything!" Bella says cheerfully and continues on before Claire could retort. "Anyway, do you happen to have an extra scrunchie or a rubber band that I can borrow? Albert thinks we need to wear our hair in, like, a ponytail to avoid suspicion."

"Uh, yeah. Here you go."

"Actually, you know what? I don't think this is going to work. Your hair's too long," I say to Claire, then turn to Bella. "Do you have any scissors, by any chance?"

"No, I'm sorry. Um, but there's a barbershop two blocks from here and I bet they'll do."

"Okay. Claire, we're going to have to cut your hair short. Is that alright with you?"

"Yeah, I'm fine with it," Claire replies, not too enthusiastically.

"Alright. Hey, get your little brother," I say to Bella. "We're heading out, right now."

Walking on the street again, the air has gotten quite a bit chillier. Noises of our stepping sound loudly in the open urban. I spot several convenience stores, but also how they're empty. So we move on. Shortly, we arrive at the barber shop and Bella tries to open to door.

"It's... locked!" She exclaims.

"Let me try."

I grab the long metal bar for a handle on the door and put my weight into slamming into it. The resounding shatter of the glass leaves me still with little satisfaction as I continue to push and pull. Finally, the door frame comes loose. I pant, but only a little because I must to wait for Bella to go inside before I could wheeze and butcher silent curses for my old age with poor pronunciations.

"Ahem, watch your steps - *Cough, there's glass everywhere."

"Shh....... did you guys hear that?" Claire says as we all turn to her.

Evan nods, tugs on Bella's sleeve, and points towards the small hallway in the back of the shop. As I'm about to motion everyone to stay back, Claire walks ahead of me.

"Claire, what are you doing?" I ask.

"Come on, you don't really expect whoever's back there to not have heard you break their door?" She says.

She's got a point.

"Excuse me, is anybody there?"

...

"..... Yes, I-I'm back here," a male voice replies.

"Don't worry, we're not going to hurt you. Please, stay calm."

"W-why are you doing this?"

"Oh! We're sorry about your door. We'd thought that there was nobody left in here."

"... I-it's okay, I get it."

The door in front of Claire opens to a man around my age, most likely older. He has a head of dirty, grey hair and a pair of black, thick-rimmed glasses on his face. He's wearing a forest green button-up with blue jeans and a pair of burgundy boots. With his nervous demeanor, the man looks like he hadn't had contact with anyone else for weeks.

"Do you guys need anything?" The man asks.

"Um, well. We were looking for scissors," Claire responds.

"Oh, cool. I-I mean, easy - I, err. Mm," he says as his stomach growls.

Listening to his stomach, he quickly looks like he haven't eaten anything for days. He also seems like a victim to being trapped within his workplace, just like Bella. I feel a bit bad for him, especially since I didn't do him any favor by breaking his door.

Maybe I should give him some food...?

"Hey, man. You're good. We're just... she just wants to get her hair cut a little. Can you do that? In exchange, I'll give you a pack of Ritz - crackers," I say to him.

"R-really? Just a haircut? That's all?"

"Yeah."

"A-actually... I can't. I've taken apart all my scissors to make them into a trap so that those... things can't get to me again," he says, visibly shaken. "It's not finished."

Goddamn it, you've got to be kidding me...

"What things are you talking about?" Bella asks.

"The infected, they... assaulted me. It was so nauseating! So r-revolting! Young, nasty women peeing themselves! And they pulled me out on the streets to do it on me!"

"O-oh, I'm sorry to hear that," Bella says, oddly blushing.

Hm? That's what happened when she saw me trying to change Claire earlier before disappearing and reappearing some minutes later.

"Well, what do we do now?" Claire asks.

I scan the store for a solution. Several combs, hair dryers, and other items are missing, but not the hair sprays or gel. Surprisingly, everything else is pretty neat and clean. I spot a picture of some past famous people (I think) who once got their hair cut here.

This is going to be a tough one to pull off at the compound...

"What do you think, Al?" Claire asks me.

"Claire, how do you feel about going emo?"

"... What?"

"What if we dye your hair and then you put on some dark makeup? Right? It's a brilliant plan!"

"..."

"I can do t-that!" Says the man.

"*sigh, alright. How long is this gonna take?" Claire asks.

"A few short hours."

"H-hours?!"

"Yes. With the preparation, bleaching, dying, and drying - although you could be on your journey while you do that last one - we're going to need approximately 2 to 3 hours."

Looking at Claire, I know from experience that her stance with her hands on her hips and her fingers digging into her pants and/or pockets usually means that she's going to have to go soon, with bladder failure in 30 minutes max. I look back at the small hallway in the back of the shop, there might be a bathroom through the door.

"Oh, that's no good. Claire might wet her diaper if it gets that long," Bella says (teasingly?), causing Claire to go wide-eyed and blushing furiously.

"H-hey!!!"

"O-oops! I'm so sorry!"

Somehow, that didn't sound like it was an accident...

"But, Claire, I really think that you should go outside, before you get started," she says.

"Actually, can't she use your toilet?" I ask the man.

"Oh, of course. The dying can only be done with zero interruptions. Please, come with me."

With that, the man leads a seemingly normal Claire to the bathroom.

"Huuuuu..."

Did Bella just whines behind me? No, I must be imagining things.

After the sound of a flush, Claire comes out with minimal changes to her attitude before the man invites her to sit down on one of the work chairs. I spend the time trying to strike a conversation with Bella, but she seems a little reluctant. Then, I catch a glimpse of her eyes and run her gaze to Claire's crotch and bottom on the chair.

Is she really worried about Claire, or is there something else that I'm missing?

2 HOURS LATER

After 2 hours (that I spent getting to know Evan and Remington - barber guy), I suddenly notice something.

"Excuse me! Please, try not to move. There are still areas that I need to apply the paste to and, if you move too much, it'll fall off!" Remington says.

"S-sorry," Claire replies, slinking lower into her seat.

She seems to be needing to go again, just like last time and maybe just about as much. Her hands (under the cover of the thin, linen barber blanket) can be seen occasionally twitching. Her feet can also be seen occasionally pointing together. Bella seems to be truly interested in all of that.

25 MINUTES LATER

Claire is clearing fidgeting in her seat, her legs bobbing up and down every two seconds. A squeaking from the chair can even be heard as she tries to get in a shimmy every time Remington looks away. Her chest heaves rather clearly as her hands are now lost in their own business near her nether region. Her ankles would top one another while her knees keep a constant bend inwards. She looks to be staring at her lower self in the mirror that's in front of her.

"Alright, aaand we are done," Remington says.

"H-huh? Really?" Claire says with a glint of hope in her eyes as she raises them to look at her new hair.

"Yup. Now, we'll move on to the washing."

"O-oh, n-no," Claire whispers just enough for herself to hear... and me, and probably Bella.

Moving Claire from her current seat to a chair with a sink by its lowered head, I could see her bending her fists at the wrists and taking baby steps as her diaper crinkles openly past us.

"Hurry! You'll spill non-dried paste all over my floor!" Remington says with a slightly more commanding tone, shocking Claire to hurry into her new seat.

Laying down without the sheet of linen, her whole body is exposed to squirm in front of anybody who watches. While Remington is getting ready, her hands creep to interlock their fingers over her diaper. Then, the water is turned on and Claire immediately tries to plunge her hands into her protection, but is stopped by the unforgiving crotch of her joggers. Still, she just keep trying. The sloshing of the water makes her knees bend more than one at a time. Finally, she stops.

*Creak.

... Just as the sink stops. In the silence comes a hissing from Claire's womanhood, loud and clear. She suddenly turns her body and doubles over on her side as she looks at me, mortified.

*Pissssss.

This has been happening way too much lately, I have to do something.

"Hey, Claire," I say to her, giving her a thumbs up. "I like the new look! The new hair color really suits you."

She questions me with her eyes, but she tries to act natural again. It's as if I'd given her hope that no one had heard her use her diaper.

"Yeah, totally! It's starting to look really nice," Bella joins in.

And Claire continues to pee, staring straight up at the ceiling to relax herself.

"Guys... please don't tease me."

30 MINUTES LATER

"Okay, you're good to go now," Remington says.

Claire sits up on the seat and, turning around to walk towards us, she spies her new self.

... With dark red hair.

What's happening, guys? What do you think about the new hair color (which will not be permanent because my dude Remington mixed some magic oatmeal up in that paste) and the direction that the story's headed? There's a real big secret coming up that been hinted at in the previous chapter so try to guess what it is. And thanks for reading!

*024*2017-09-17 06:23

"*No new messages."

DAY 4

The sky turns to a midnight blue as we make our way to the military compound. The new world brings with it a somber atmosphere, fitting for the change to colder air. The fortification that's 700 feet before us shows a tall precast boundary wall on the front. A wooden tower stands behind by one grate-like metal gate and a guard is posted on it with a searchlight, scanning the area a little ways ahead of us. There's a second front gate that seems like it's meant for vehicles. Without looking for further details on the outside, we move to get into view.

"Claire. Bella. Put your masks on, now," I say to them nodding.

The half masks I had prepared for the girls were made from two black turtlenecks back from the store and are meant to keep some of their facial features hidden. They cover the top of their noses down to the midsection of their necks. Claire's makeup goes well with hers. She's got on over-the-top eyeshadows that looks like black face paint and a black casquette cap for boys. Bella, on the other hand, is wearing no makeup at all.

"Alright, now put up your hands."

Again, they nod and do so. I lift up mine as well - Evan too.

"Hey! Who's there?!" The guard asks, shining his light on us.

"Friends and family! We've come for a Ben!" I say to him.

"What?!"

"A Ben! Ben!"

The guard suddenly raises his gun towards us and I could hear an "eep!" coming from Claire.

"State your business!" He says.

Let's hope this still works...

I remove the left sleeve of my long-sleeves to reveal a hand, flipped on its palm, reaching for my left hand tattooed onto me. It is a woman's hand. I could feel everyone's gaze on me.

"What is that?"

"'The Hand That Seeks Your Payments'," I say to him.

The guy squints his eyes to get a better look at my tattoo, lowering his gun after he decides that it checks out.

"Alright, we'll let you right in. I'll have someone take y'all to Ben."

Opening the door, he shakes my hand and gives a few quick nods over to Claire, Bella, and Evan before calling out to a guy from one of three sizable Army tents diagonally to our left, sending him running further down the road that we were walking on.

"I'm Henry, by the way."

I nod my head once.

"Albert. This is my son, Clarence. My brother, Barney. And my nephew, Evan."

"So, you guys looking to stay here or something?"

"We might. This compound needs work?" I asks him, patting the tool kit in my backpack to some rattling.

He chuckles.

"Glad to hear another so conscientious," he says, pulling out a cigarette. "I think we just might."

"Then we might as well stay."

Before long, the runner guy comes back with someone who should be Ben, our contact. He looks to be in his early twenties. The kid has a black or dark brown military buzz cut and a clean stubble to add on to his 5 months old recruit body, that is, still not too defined and dirty (from my experience, at least). He's wearing a grey t-shirt and brown work pants. His boots are a scruffy kind, but were made to look even more worn out probably by a lot of movements.

"Ha! Uncle Al, you old scrapper! Long time no see!" He says.

So, we're putting on a show, huh?

"Yeah, kid. How are you doing?" I reply.

"I'm pretty good. Hey, it looks like everybody's here..."

Ben's smile slowly fades as he counts up how many of us there are.

"I don't think you've ever met any of your cousins or other uncles. Right, Ben?"

"Yeah, now that you've mentioned it."

"Well, this is your uncle, Barney. Your cousin, Clarence. And, also your cousin, Evan."

"Ah. Well, it's nice to finally meet you guys. Here, walk with me. I'll show you to your tent," he says. "You are going to stay, right?"

"That is the intention."

Without any visual cues of suspicion from Henry, we make the walk to our tent. It lies as the final one in a line of three going from west to east on the south side of the compound. The road opens massively to the left, leading slightly downhill to a small, closed hangar. Entering our tent, Ben turns to me and hands me a folder.

"Those are maps around the compound, should you ever get lost," he says briefly. "I'm done here. We'll talk again if there's a problem. Welcome to your new home."

He leaves. Perhaps it's the events of today, but Claire immediately goes to a bed without saying anything, laying down and moaning into her pillow.

"Well, I guess Claire's done for today," I say and, to confirm it, Claire starts kicking off her boots and stripping down to her dark green bikini bra and her black joggers before she curls up under her blanket.

Within the military-style tent (emphasis on the style) are six beds in total. Since Claire's decidedly passed out on the one in the middle to the west wall (because they're laid out in threes on each wall with the foot of each bed pointing towards the centerline), I go to the diagonally opposite bed on the southeastern wall. Bella lets Evan pick his bed, which is the one that's directly opposite of Claire's choice, before she goes to sit down on the bed that's next to him.

"I think I'm about ready to turn in, too," she says.

"It has been an exciting first day," I say to her, referring to how long (or how short) we've known each other for.

"Haha, that's very true."

"I'm actually feeling pretty excited. This place may seems like a jungle, but at least we're talking about one ruled by sane people."

"Sane criminals."

"They're fine. I feel like there's a real incentive for them to keep order with their own kind."

"Mhm, yeah. I think you're right."

I finish unburdening myself and head to the south exit of the tent.

"Hey, where are you going?" Bella asks me.

"Hm? Just gonna check out the place, study it. It'll come in handy by tomorrow morning. I'll be back soon," I smile reassuringly.

She smiles back at me.

That was a moment. That was definitely a moment.

I turn outside to boyishly grin as I think about that smile for a while longer...

**Claire's PoV.

*Shift.

*Fidget.

*Squirms.

... I can't sleep like this. I have to pee, but I don't wanna go in my diaper. It'd get squishy and uncomfortable. Not to mention to smell. I mean, for a second, it'd be nice. It'd be like my own little pool of warmth around my crotch and.... *Sigh, fuck it. I'm getting up.

I sit up to find that my bladder is already fuller than I had expected, causing me to jam both of my hands down past the waistband of my joggers (because there's too much material in the front). I touch and find my instrument of humiliation and can't help but blush a little bit as I press my hands into it, making a rather resounding crinkly sound.

J-jeez, that was loud. I have to be more careful going about this.

I scan the room absentmindedly before realizing that I really need to find a toilet. I groggily step out of my bed, but, as my bare right foot touch the wickedly cold ground...

*SHIVER.

"Hiii!" I squealed.

A bit of pee leaks past my hold and slides down the hot front of my vagina, making me twitch.

O-ohwaaahhh, that felt goood.

I bit my lips before realizing what I'm doing and wiping the embarrassing look off my face. Searching the room once again, I spot a couple of orange buckets that could be used for my desperate... 'private need'.

Yes! C'mon, I can make it.

I tiptoe across the ground, wincing every time I leak into my already used once today diaper. I really should've changed, but I'm worried that I might run out of 'protection' soon. Al would find a way, though, I'm sure of it. How? I don't know, but the more that I think about it, the more unrealistic it seems for me to put Al on the spot like that after everything else he'd done for me.

N-no, there'll be a way. We'll find it together.

I finally reach the buckets. Picking one up, I decide to head out when suddenly...

"Hmm? Claire, what are you doing"

"Hyah!"

My shriek rings in my ear like a baby's. I could feel my face flush as I turn to see Bella sitting up on her bed now, her gaze curiously looming over my trembling body.

...

"..."

"..."

"Okay, Claire. I know what this is about," she says.

"W-what do you mean? Look, I saw a spider and thought that it crawled under here. I just don't like spiders, okay?!" I say to her, shaking around my bucket of evidence.

Why can't I tell her that I JUST REALLY HAVE TO PEE??

"No, Claire. No. You're not up because of a spider."

Bella gets up to walk to me now, her hands reaching out to touch my bare stomach before I could react to them properly.

*SHIVER.

"HIII! WHAT Are you -."

She shushes me with a finger to her lips, those that are dangerously close to mine. Her eyes cut me off with a single stare.

"This is on you, don't wake my little brother up. This turns you on, doesn't it? Holding in your pee until you can't hold it in anymore and you wet yourself like a little toddler. Is it the humility that excites you? Are you some sort of sick weirdo? At least my brother tells me when he needs to use the potty," she says to me and moves down inside my pants to rub my diaper slowly but forcefully.

"N-no, stop it. P-please, Al could r-return!" I beg her.

"Oh? Is the big baby afraid of Al? Or is she getting turned on by the fact that she could be discovered at any moment enjoying herself by her daddy's friend?"

"Ahh~! Wait! Mmm~ how'd you know that?"

"Silence!"

Bella squeezes my diaper HARD and the sharp pain causes me to bend over on her arms and bury my face in her chest by accident.

"H-hiaaahhhhh~~" I moan, systematically losing control for a couple seconds.

"Oh, my. Could you seriously not control your bladder in front of me? How pathetic. You might just be liking this enough for me to think that you have a fetish for it! Alright, you little baby. I guess you should do what I say. If you don't hold still and let me check your diaper for a change, I'll tell your big, protective Al that little miss potty-pants here loves to wet in her diaper. Because that's what you'd loved to do right now. Isn't it, Claire? You'd love to urinate in your diaper. Wiz. Micturate. Pee-pee where people can see. Tinkle and let it trickle down your legs like goosebumps on your spine as you humiliate yourself to the absolute degree. And -."

I couldn't take it anymore. My bladder goes numb as the dam breaks, my pee splashing against her hands and spraying onto our bodies. A great torrent of something foul runs past my skin as I could feel my diaper leaking. Bella's hands suddenly go to push me back on my bed, dampening the sheets with my pee. She then pushes her whole body against me and on top of mine, putting the pressure especially on my wee balloon through my pants. She kisses me.

Then, everything goes dark.

...

"Hey, Claire. Wake up," a voice says.

"M-mhm... huh?"

It was Al.

Come on, just let me sleep, Al.

"Claire, you've totally soaked the bed. Wake up! We have to clean it."

With that, my brain peels my eyes open as I witness the aftermath of a linen massacre. The bed is completely saturated in urine and is cold and clammy. I throw the sheets back to bear the consequence of the destructive force of my bladder. I nearly want to cry.

"It's okay, Claire. I'll help you clean it. You just have to remember to use the bathroom before you go to sleep," Al says.

**Albert's PoV.

In an odd move, I put my hand on Claire's head and pat it.

"It's okay, you don't have to feel bad about," I say to her.

Claire's eyes suddenly get a little bit teary.

"I-I, *hicc, I don't remember what happened. *Sniff."

"It's fine. Let's get you changed."

"It was... like a dream."

$$

$$
