The Ladies Room Line Loop

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2025-04-02 04:32

I just found this story on my list and I thought you know what, go for it, so I hope you enjoy this story about a woman stuck in a ladies room line only to find yourself stuck in a time loop.

Blog link https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/18278.html

The Ladies Room Line Loop

As she shifted her weight from one foot to the other, Rachel let out a frustrated sigh. The line for the bathroom at the music festival was ridiculously long, and she had been waiting for what felt like an eternity. She thought about cutting in line, as she had done many times, in fact large numbers of people had complained about how she would frequently try to cut the bathroom line, either using a fake excuse or just pushing her way obnoxiously to the front of the line, and somebody always said that she would end up getting her comeuppance one day, but she figured that most people are not going to argue with you if you are aggressive about getting to the front of the line, as when you have to go you have to go, and sometimes it was battlefield conditions.

"I don't know how much longer I wait but this looks like a crowd that could get angry, so I guess I will just have to wait my turn," Rachel said as she bit her lip with annoyance.

Finally, after an excruciating 20-minute wait, the person in front of her emerged from the bathroom, and it was Rachel's turn. She rushed forward, eager to find relief. She had been waiting a really long time, and hearing all of those other women going to the bathroom before her was certainly not making any of this the least bit easier. She was glad that she was finally going to get to a bathroom and going to get the relief that she had waited for far too long.

But just as she was about to push open the door, everything around her began to blur and distort. The sounds of the music festival grew fainter, and the people around her seemed to melt away. Rachel started to feel a little bit disoriented, and everything was a little bit hazy as to what was happening, she could see that everything in her field of vision was obscured, so she continued shaking her head and rubbing her eyes.

When her vision cleared, Rachel found herself standing at the back of the bathroom line. The same people were in front of her, and the same music was playing.

"What the hell is going on," Rachel said. Confused and disoriented, Rachel wondered if she had somehow imagined the whole thing. But as she looked down at her watch, she realized that time had indeed reset. The 20 minutes she had waited were gone, and she was back at square one. "I just don't think that I can wait that much longer, I'm going to try and cut in line," she said as she started making her way to the front of the line, but she could see that several other women were glaring angrily at her, they were giving her the total stare down. "Look I really have to go really bad, do you think maybe I could cut in line?"

"Go to the back of the line," a large heavyset woman at the front of the line said, looking angry at her. Rachel certainly didn't want to pick a fight with this rather large woman, so she decided that she would resign herself to the fact that she would just have to wait in line again, and hope that whatever happened last time was just some kind of hallucination or glitch, perhaps coming from having a painfully full bladder that needed relief and needed relief really bad.

Rachel's frustration turned to desperation as she waited in line again. And again. And again. Every time it was her turn to use the bathroom, the timeline would reset, and she would find herself at the back of the line.

"Everybody, can I please go in front of you in the line, I know that it's a rude thing to cut in the bathroom line but I have been waiting for what feels like hours, and my bladder is going to explode," Rachel said as she started fighting her way to the front of the line. She pushed away a couple of other women and ran into the bathroom stall but as she closed the bathroom door she once again found herself at the back of the line screaming.

"Is something the matter?" the woman behind her in line said.

"I really really have to go to the bathroom, but every time I get to the front of the line I find myself at the back of the line, I know that doesn't really make any sense, but it seems like no matter what I do I can't seem to get relief. I feel like I have been waiting in line for hours and hours, and I think I might be going insane."

"Bummer, yeah the lines here can get outrageously long, but sometimes when you are listening to good music like that it's just like time seems to fade away, what seems like only 20 minutes could actually have been several hours, I don't know how long I have been waiting in the line, but don't worry I am sure the line will move along quickly. I'm Pamela by the way."

"I'm Rachel," Rachel said as she shook hands with Pamela before folding her arms underneath her chest and tapping her foot impatiently, as this was getting kind of ridiculous now.

As the day wore on, Rachel grew more and more desperate. She was trapped in a never-ending cycle, unable to find relief. She began to wonder if she would ever escape the bathroom line. She didn't know what to do in a situation like this, it defied all logic.

As the sun began to set, Rachel stumbled away from the line, defeated. She had lost all sense of time, and her bladder was screaming in protest. She wandered through the festival, searching for a solution, but every bathroom she found had a long line. Every time she waited in the line she found herself once again back in the first line that she was in, it's like as soon as it was her turn to go to the bathroom and finally get relief, it's like time was laughing at her and sending her back to the back of the line. Maybe it was because she had cut so many people in line over the years, and often hogged the stall for an extensive amount of time, and then after she was done she did not always leave the seat or the toilet in the best of condition, as she just didn't really care about those who were following her afterwards.

As the night drew to a close, Rachel collapsed onto a bench, exhausted. She had never felt so helpless. The timeline reset one final time, and Rachel found herself back at the beginning of the day, standing in front of the bathroom line.

She let out a despairing cry, realizing that she was doomed to repeat the same day over and over, never finding relief. The bathroom line had become her own personal hell, and she was trapped forever.

Eventually she decided that she would leave the music Festival but unfortunately every time she left the music Festival she found herself in the back of the line with Pamela.

"Pamela, I have to be upfront with you, and I know this is going to sound crazy," Rachel said.

"But I don't think I ever told you my name, how do you know my name is Pamela?" Pamela said.

"Pamela I could give you a more reasonable and seemingly not insane sounding answer to that question, and say that I heard one of your friends call you that, but the truth is I have found myself in some kind of a bathroom line, and every time I get to the front of the line I find the time resets, and I find myself in the back of the bathroom line, never gaining relief. I have been here for hours, maybe even days, I don't know how long it has been but the entire time I have been holding a painfully full bladder, and I don't know how I am never going to get out of this never-ending living hell!"

"Well, I have heard of some people being driven crazy by the bathroom line, but that certainly takes the cake," Pamela said laughing.

"I didn't think you would believe me, but I figure if I'm just going to find myself in this line again and again I might as well get to know the people who are stuck in hell with me, although I don't know what happens to the other people who seem to be in this situation with me."

"Oh, I get where you are coming from, you sound like you are in a time loop, like in the movie Groundhogs Day, where you find yourself reliving the same day over and over again in an endless loop."

"Oh my God, yes, that's exactly what has happened, and I have done that with a full bladder all this time. I have to admit on a couple of occasions I ended up almost wetting my pants, but then I just found myself in the back of the line again. It's like no matter what I do, just when I am about to release my bladder because the timeline to reset. Even trying to wet my pants isn't going to seem to get me out of this situation, and I am at the end of my wits, I am literally at my wits end, the end of my rope, but the beginning of a never-ending loop. I mean what do I do in a situation like that?"

Pamela smiled. "Well the way I see it when you are stuck in a timeline, or a time loop rather, it probably means that the universe is trying to teach you something, maybe you have to learn something about yourself before you can get out of the bathroom line, maybe you have to do something to better yourself and prove that you are a reformed person and that you are no longer doing something wrong that you might have been doing in the past."

"Well what am I supposed to do specifically?"

"I am afraid I can't help you with that, as I don't really know anything about you or why you might have found yourself in this time loop, I'm just saying that's what happens in a lot of these movies and stories like this."

So Rachel stood there in line with her legs tightly crossed and grabbing herself, realizing that there was no escaping this situation, so she tried to think about what she could be doing differently that would maybe get her out of this endless time loop and allow her to finally get relief for her aching full bladder. But she tried and tried again, and every time it was her turn to go to the bathroom seemed like she ended up finding herself in the back of the line with Pamela.

Hours soon turned into days, and she couldn't imagine what it was like to have a never ending full bladder like that, it really was becoming truly maddening, maybe she actually died of a ruptured bladder, and now she was in hell. She looked at every other woman in the line, trying to look to any clue as to what she had to do to get out of this bathroom line.

After observing the women in line for the bathroom several times and suffering mindless agonizing bladder pain, she once again found herself at the back of the line.

"You look like you really have to go bad," Pamela said, noticing that Rachel was dancing around and biting her fingernails and pulling on her hair.

Rachel wanted to scream, she wanted to shout, but as she looked at Pamela she noticed something, Pamela looked like she was also dancing around. "You know it looks like I'm not the only one whose bladder is ready to explode, but you cut me in line," Rachel said.

"Are you sure?" Pamela said as Rachel began nodding and Pamela got ahead of her in the line. And then as she saw another line of women behind her, all with crossed legs and looking rather agitated, Rachel knew what she had to do, she let every single woman in the line go in front of her, and although her bladder was spasming she knew that she couldn't wet herself, so she waited until every single other woman had used the bathroom, and then finally as she walked into the bathroom and sat down on the toilet it was the first time that her ass actually made contact with the seat, she finally let out a sigh of relief as her bladder exploded into the toilet. When she came out of the bathroom she found that she was alone in the bathroom, but it looked like she was finally going to be able to escape her endless living hell.

As Rachel walked away with a spring in her step, now that her bladder was finally empty, she knew that she had learned a valuable lesson that day. However on the way home there was a lot of traffic, and eventually she found that her bladder was getting full once again, so she decided to stop at a rest stop and started running towards the bathroom, but saw another woman running towards the bathroom, so she reluctantly allowed her to go first. When the woman finally finished after what seemed like forever, Rachel saw another person coming to use the bathroom, but she knew she could hold it no longer, so she slammed the door shut, and soon she found herself at the same rest stop bathroom at the end of a long snaking line, and saw that more women were coming.

"Well, shit," she said and she realized that she had a very long wait ahead of her, and she could only hope that it wouldn't be an eternity.

It was ironic because when I wrote this story the story that I am writing under my own name is actually about a time loop as well, and I am like I should get back to working on my serious novella under my own name, and then I came across this one on my list at around the same time, and it was almost like a message from the universe, as I always wanted to do sort of a bathroom line Time Loop story, and now I finally got around to doing it.

I think that a time loop is like the worst possible hell you can imagine really, so a time loop where you are stuck with an endlessly full bladder would have to be like the ultimate for omorashi. In the end she ends up learning a lesson that will get her out of the time loop, only to just a few hours later completely reneging on everything that she learned and now perhaps finding herself in the same situation again, proving that maybe she didn't really learn the lesson after all. But it's kind of good when a character gets there comeuppance, learns their lesson but then makes the same a stupid mistake, which I thought was a good way of ending the story.

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

&&

*002*2025-04-02 18:30

@NormalPeople

"Funny story, but even funnier is the photo of the girl with three hands!"

I have to admit if you had not mentioned that I would never have even noticed. I guess I didn't look closely enough when I illustrated these but that seems to be one of the flaw of AI, it doesn't seem to be able to do hands and legs and arms very well, so many times I have this really great picture and then I am looking at it later on like always she has an extra limb. Sometimes you don't even notice until you look really closely, but yeah you are right and that last illustration she has like an extra hand coming out underneath her arm basically. I guess that's what happens when you get in a time loop! I think that actually probably would have been an even better ending where she finds out she has a third arm, but I did the illustrations after I wrote the story, and this is what it gave me.

*004*2025-04-02 18:46

@Doctor Pivetta

"Maybe with a third hand she could hold herself even better if she had to go too bad"

True that's a good point!

