The Game

Author: Darth_Thorin

*000*2018-02-28 02:27

Hello everyone. Some of who may know me know that I have a thing for Age-Play. I don't see much age-play on this forum, but I think it blends very well with some of the aspects of the fetish. On that note, the below story is an idealized version of how I would like an age-play session to go with one of my mutual age-play partners. Please realize that, in this story, everyone is a consenting adult. For me, age-play is very much about capturing those feelings that time evokes, and using them for pleasure. This has the potential to be a multi-part story, If I get a good amount of feedback and such, I will probably continue. However, I have left it at a place where it could end. Please let me know what you think. I realize this isn't everyone's cup of tea, but I wanted to share anyway.

The Game

Round One

Alarms certainly are one of the worst inventions of all time. A device that’s sole function can be boiled down to the cession of peace. Blaring, Lucas’ alarm disturbed his slumber, bringing him from dreams to his a familiar, small bed. Across the guest room, his alarm hummed and howled on the dresser.

Rubbing sleep from his eyes, Lucas threw the blankets off, groggily rising from his slumber. Confusion bubbled under his hazy stupor. He had left his phone in his bed with him the night before and he most certainly had not set an alarm. He barely remembered anything from last night, having arrived so late to Rob’s, but he remembered wandering into the guest room, throwing on his pj bottoms and shirt, throwing his bag on the floor and wiggling into the guest bed.

The angry alarm stopped as his fingers gingerly pecked at the screen. Blinking, Lucas rubbed some bed head from his eyes and grabbed his glasses from the dresser. As the world came into clarity his brow wrinkled in confusion again. His phone showed a text message and on the dresser was a large glass of water. Pressing his thumb to the home button, Luke opened the message, a familiar name settling on the banner.

“Good morning kiddo. Make sure to have plenty to drink today, you have a big day ahead. I also went ahead and unpacked your bag. Your clothes are in the top drawer. Come out when you wake up. And remember the rules.” Lucas set his phone down, wasting no time in opening the first drawer. His heart fluttered and his cheeks reddened at the sight awaiting him. On the left side of the drawer sat his four pairs of training pants, neatly folded. Hungry dinos played on one, while cuddly jungle buddies romped on the other. The other two were a dingy white cloth, betraying a…history to the garments. On the right were his shortalls, folded straight with his tshirt right on top, a grinning Stitch covered in Deadpool collars posed for attack.

A dumb smile was plastered on his face. Without hesitation, Lucas took up the glass of water, greedily gulping down the liquid in seconds. The rules were simple. One glass, once an hour. When Rob said so, one glass every fifteen minutes. Whatever happens, happens.

A few moments were spent going through the drawer again, feeling the soft, slightly thick cloth of his padded underpants. White was too boring to start the day in. After an agonizing debate Lucas decided that the dinos would grace his bottom for the day. He pulled the cloth up, smiling as he felt the cool softness between his legs, the slight, poofy texture embracing him. Soon, his tshirt covered the rest of him and after a few snaps, boyish shortalls hid his little secret. The little boy cast a quick glance at the mirror on the dresser. The man who had entered that room in a sleepy stupor was gone. Lucas was gone for the weekend and it was time for Luke to play.

Familiar sounds ventured to his ear as he walked out into the tiled hallway, almost wishing for slippers as his feet adapted to the cool floor. Sizzles came from the kitchen, mingled with the steamy shouts of the coffee machine. Rob loved the stuff and Luke would never understand why. Softly, the boy padded out and entered the kitchen, waving with a dumb grin at the man hunched over the machine, fiddling with knobs and levers, crushing beans and willing the life blood of an adult morning into existence.

“Good morning Kiddo” Rob said with a smile. Luke felt the warmth in that moment as the smells of coffee and bacon lingered in his nostrils. With a small wave, he sat at the table, almost wishing the chair was large enough to let his legs dangle. Soon, Rob walked over, bearing a plate of delicious bacon, and a large glass of water. “Here you go, enough to make you big and strong” he said.

With greed Luke clutched the first pieces of the greasy delight, the fats rendered just right to give a satisfying, yet yielding crunch. Already, he was on to his next piece. Only an inclined, telling glance from Rob towards his water stopped the boy’s onslaught against the best breakfast food of all time. Letting his bacon rest, Luke took to the water, slurping and swallowing down, feeling his tummy already becoming heaving from the water he had just had before. Rob’s eyes twinkled with an amused grin and the boy blushed. The game was beginning, and he was already feeling the nervous pit that started in him before it started in earnest.

“I need to work on some projects on my computer after breakfast. Why don’t you play in the living room on your games or something? You can always come in and get me if you need something.” Luke nodded, recognizing the last part not as a statement, but a command. Breakfast passed quickly, the two enjoying the quiet moment as sleep finally abandoned its last hold on both of them.

With the plates put away, and small, pointed pat on his slightly padded rump, Luke was sent off to the living room, a bottle of water in his hands. Forgoing the couch to get a better view of the tv, Luke sat his bottom down on the tile, craning his neck back to look up at the TV. I felt good to sit, the floor cushioned by his padding. With gusto, Luke loaded up his video games, going into his favorite past time.

Moments of intense finesse in New Donk City were punctuated by gulps of water. A rhythm had built up. Find a moon, take a drink, find a moon, take a drink. It was the perfect way to follow the rules. Speaking of the rules…

A slight shiver went down his spine, spidering up and down through his nerves until it arrived right below his tummy, settling into an obnoxious, angry pressure. Luke bite his lower lip, crossing his legs slightly and paused the game. Rules were rules, and the rules said he had to make it… until he was told not to.

He was always nervous the first time. No matter how many times he did it. No matter how many time he asked, it never got easier. That was a good thing. If it got easier, it wouldn’t be ask fun. The thing loses its appeal when it doesn’t bring a blush to your cheeks or a skipped beat to your heart. Pitter patter went his bare feet across the floor to the kitchen table. Still sipping coffee, Rob sat hunched over his laptop, a bear of a man toiling at work. Keys clacked and the man’s eyes never left the screen, but Luke knew he was seen. It was time, the true beginning.

He let his hands down to his crotch, clutching slightly, exaggerating the motion as he crossed his legs, the first steps of a familiar dance. The urge was there, and it was entirely fake, but a little bit of theatrics always made the blood flow. The words were stuck on his tongue, but then, in an instant, they were in the air. “Uncle Rob… I hafta go potty.”

They both hung there for a moment. Luke, tapping from foot to foot and Rob, tapping from key to key. Finally, the man’s eyes lifted from the screen, a sly smile on his face. “Do you?” he asked, his gaze travelling up and down the little boy before him. Luke’s blush started low, under the collar of his shirt, a warm tingling riding up his neck before engulfing his cheeks as he nodded, and buckled his knees for good measure. Rob chuckled, closing his laptop and getting up. “I guess I better take you then.” He declared, walking past the fidgeting boy, and taking his hand, dragging him down the hall.

Luke followed at an arm’s length, on hand firmly pressed against his privates. Whatever urgency he actually was feeling had fallen to a dull presence with the pressure he was putting on. The hallway always felt longer than it was, but once they arrived in the bathroom, things always moved too fast.

The door swung open, revealing the bleached white of a room treated with clorax. At the center, as always, was the toilet, the potty. The sight of it, no matter where he was, always made him acutely aware of the underwear he was wearing. He would become dreadfully aware of how thin his big boy underwear was, how thick his training pants felt, and how humiliating the hug of a dreaded diaper felt. He told a lie to himself in that moment. No matter what today, he would not feel the thickness of a crinkly diaper on his bottom. It was a lie, but the lie was just another part of the game.

Rob was already working. His fingers danced over his chest, unsnapping the buckles holding his shortalls up, letting them fall to the floor as he positioned his boy in front of the big kid potty. Luke looked down, seeing the playful, and thankfully still dry dinos smiling up at him before Rob’s hand went down his trainers. His hand brushed past Luke’s privates, eliciting a slight, breathy groan. Rob squeezed the trainers, checking for wetness. Satisfied with their dryness he yanked them down to join Luke’s crumpled up shortalls and took Luke’s boyhood in his hand, pointing it at the potty. “Go ahead Luke, go potty.”

Luke closed his eyes as he felt the man’s hand on him, pointing him towards his gold. He breathed in deep, holding the air inside him as he let something else out. His eyes fluttered open as the first few streams pittered and pattered onto the still water in the toilet. Letting his held breath finally go, Luke fully released his hold on his bladder. Spurts turned to a full stream as he blinked, the comforting sounds of successful going potty made his dumb smile return to his face as Rob whispered in his ear. “Good job Luke, such a good boy”.

@@The above scene, or variation there of played out a few more times over the morning. Luke would continue to drink water at a greedy pace. Sometimes, he would toddle to the kitchen and ask to be taken to the potty. Other times, right before he was about to get up, he found himself being dragged by Rob, being told to stand in front of the potty and produce before he would be set free back to the bathroom. Finally, the song and dance ended when Rob came in with a bigger bottle of water, handing it over to the boy as he paused the game. “You are looking a little flushed there kiddo, I think you need to drink a little more.” The rules had changed again. More water, at a faster pace was the spoken part of the rule, but it was always delivered with their favorite, unspoken rule. “You won’ be using the potty anymore.” He squirmed, but still he continued to force the water down. It was always refilled. Never was the bottle empty. Whenever he reached for it, Rob always made sure to have more water ready.

Luke’s bladder was filling rapidly, the nature of the game revealing itself. A constant inflow of water, and a consistent outflow of relief. Rob had simply changed the equation. He had increased one side, and reduced the other side to nothing. The outcome was decided, pre-ordained even.

He had to remember to be like a kid. A kid would never, ever give up his video games. Not when there were more moons to collect. Pausing only for a drink when necessary, Luke played on. It was like pulling the emergency brake on a train though. With the constant flow out of him, and the sudden increase of intake, his bladder was screaming for relief in merely a half an hour.

This time, the signs were real. They started small, as always, the twitching of his toes. The bumping up and down of his knees. He moved his controller closer to his crotch, pressing down has his fingers continued to work the buttons with the precision needed for urban climbing in Paulette’s metropolis. Rob never said a word. From the couch he watched as Luke began to go through every sign.

Slight pangs of pressure gave way to absolute waves of urgency. Even when pressing down and crossing his legs, they would only subside, abating for mere moments before returning with a spitting vengeance. The contents of his bladder were angry, screaming at him, begging him to get up and use the potty. But still, the figures on the screen before him danced as he too gave into the desperate dance.

He had contorted himself into a rather odd positions, both legs crossed at the ankles, his controller hands firmly under his knees, pressing against his throbbing bladder. It was all real this time. The slight gasps, the near constant motion, each one designed to take his mind away from the fluid swimming within him. But that was not enough anymore. Urgency, pure, dreadful urgency was consuming him. He wanted to pause the game, to get up and run. But that would be against the rules.

It happened slowly, as it always did. Techincally, it wasn’t an accident, not a real one it started. The first spurt overcame all of his holds, a slight, choking gasp coming from him as his trainers did their job. That is what they had been there for. To catch the little spurts of a boy who put off the potty for too long. It was a job the dinos did eagerly, the cloth dampening, protecting his shortalls and the floor, but only for the moment. They never would stand a chance with what was to come.

Still the boy pressed on, riding each wave until the inevitable spurt into his thirsty trainers. Evidence of his losing struggle soon began to mount. It was a small, insidious thing, a spot no more the size of a dime after the third spurt overcame his needs. The fourth discolored the jean-like fabric of the shortalls around his crotch with a baseball sized splotch. By the sixth, the floor was still protected, but anyone looking at the boy would say he had an accident. The front of his shortalls had adopted a dark blue, halfmoon stain, emanating from his crotch, and searching for the next area to cascade. In a desperate flurry that mirror the state of his body, Luke’s fingers still moved across the control, but the movements of the video game character had become sloppy and haphazard. They stopped soon, at the exact same moment his fingers and the rest of his body ceased all movement and became rigid.

There never was a seventh spurt…

His trainers were long past damp and could not even begin to mitigate the flood that was coming to them. His shortalls began to glisten, a slight hiss coming from between his legs as he just started down at the floor. The stain on his crotch was racing about in all directions, up and left and right, and most dangerously, down. When it could no longer go down, he saw it.

Warm potty began to flood out from underneath his sodden bottom, a puddle expanding in all directions. Inch by inch it grew as his poor, overtaxed bladder continued to stream out its desperately held back contents. He knew Rob was looking, but Luke didn’t care. Almost by reflex he attempted to clamp down, to stop the accident before the puddle had spread further. Doing so only served to cause another wave of torment to spread from within him, buzzing in fury at his denial.

“Oh…Oh no” he finally managed to say, the words lost in a breathy moan of desperate relief, relishing the feeling of finally giving in. He could not say how long it lasted, only that it was long enough for him to see a puddle around him at all sides. The cuffs of his shorts dripped, and he could feel his boyish trainers clinging to him, the warm, shameful fluid in them already cooling and trying to weigh the cloth down with an embarrassing sag.

Before he could say anything, Rob had already beaten him to it. ”Luke…what did you did?” He asked, adopting an admonishing tone that brought the blush back. Round One was complete.

