Clean up on isle one

Author: Dimwitrolo

*008*2017-05-08 23:13

'That'll be twelve fifteen, would you like a carrier bag?'

The man shakes his head, handing over a handful of coins. I try not to sigh as I take them from him and count them. I sort out twelve fifteen and hand him back the rest.

'Thank you, have a nice day' I say to him. He's out the door again before I've even finished speaking. I've gotten used to it by now.

I sigh and lean back in my chair. Saturday night, around 7.55. Shift ends in five minutes, I'm meeting April here, and we'll be heading to the bank, then back to her place to revise. Her place is the room next to mine, but she's got a nicer bed. And two chairs. I don't have such luxuries in my room.

She needs to go to the bank because she lost her bank card. How do you lose something so important? Honestly, that girl could lose anything...

Anyway, just five minutes left. Store's about empty, just the odd shopper picking up stuff they'd forgot to get earlier. I can see Mrs. Jenkins down the aisle now, heading over with some potatoes. She was here earlier today getting other groceries, so I can only imagine she'd forgot to pick those up.

Fascinating, I know.

She dumps the bag on the belt, which hauls them over. Mrs Jenkins visibly resists the urge to sneer at me, the uppity...

Never mind.

'Hullo again Mrs Jenkins, I see-'

'Stop. Don't even start'

She does this every week, there's always something she'll have forgot. Last week it was bread.

'That's 85 pence Mrs Jenkins'

She sort of tosses a pound coin at me and leaves, leaving me with her change and her receipt. At least the guy who buys cigarettes has the decency to give me his money and not throw it at me.

I'm about to lean back in my chair when I see a familiar face skipping down the aisle toward me.

April saunters over with two tins of lemonade and places them in front of me, grinning

'Heya Katie!' she sings, energetic as ever

'Hey April' I respond, feeling better now she's here, partially because it means I can leave, partially because April's always fun to be with. Jumpy, energetic and imaginative. Perfect in boring situations, though she can be a bit overwhelming sometimes. We met because we're both taking history at the local university. We both did a presentation on the Berlin wall in the first week and we've been fast friends since.

'Ready to leave?' She says, leaning on the counter while I scan the two drinks. 'Bank closes in an hour'

'Don't you worry April!' I smile. 'Shift ends right about now, just gotta pay for these and we're off....That's one twenty'

'Don't I get mates rates?'

'That's a fiver'

She chuckles and hands me a note. I place it in the machine and hand her the change. I go to hand her the drinks and she pushes one back

'No no, that one's for you' She says

'Thanks!' I say, smiling. She pops open her tin and takes a drink

'I was gonna get the store brand stuff' She says before taking another sip. 'They're about half the price'

'Yeah but they're kinda bad' I remind her. 'Like half the taste'

'Suppose so' she nods, leaning against the counter again like it's a bar. I take of my badge and grab my jacket. 'They change the uniform?' She asks, pointing at my clothes

'Huh? Oh! No, I managed to drop a box of red wine earlier today, uniform got soaked'

'You seem to have gotten into a habit of wetting yourself here...' she smirks. I blush.

'This time it was wine! I dropped a bunch of bottles! It isn't wetting myself!'

'Well, you got wet, and you did it to yourself...'

I sigh and she grins at me playfully. She knew I'd wet myself last week, because I came home in wet shorts. She new I'd wet myself the week before because it was on national television. And of course this week I managed to paint my uniform red by dropping about six bottles of red wine because someone (Margret) had left something leaning on them in the store room. The second I touched one bottle they all fell on top of me, shattering on the floor and coating me. So today's uniform is in a plastic bag, and right now I'm wearing denim capris, sandals, and a white tee-shirt. All my other clothes are soaked and wine scented. Down to my underwear. I had to head out the shop in my lunch break and head to a shop that sold clothes and bought the cheapest things I could. Margret wanted me to stay in uniform so she wouldn't let me go in work hours, so I did have to spend about half an hour looking like I'd been in a knife fight with a wino.

'Done?' April asks me as I stand out my chair.

'Not yet, gotta hand in the badge and sign out' I tell her. Standing up out my chair and locking the till, I make my way over to the store office.

'See you tomorrow Jim' I shout across to the other till. He grunts back. He's been spending the past week staying up all night because he felt that revision was something for other people, then he absolutely flunked a practice test and now he's been cramming like nobody's business.

Just goes to show, you gotta revise. (should you be studying right now? Never mind, you can study when you've finished reading this)

I head back out the office and over to April, who stood facing me, still leaning on the till. She pushes herself off as I reach her though.

'You're just getting a new card, aren't you?' I ask.

'Yup' She nods. 'Shouldn't be long, then we can head back to mine and study for a bit. I've got noodles if you want to eat'

'Oh boy! Instant noodles!' I say, grinning. 'The staple diet of any student'

'I would cook us something else...' She begins, but I look at her with a raised eyebrow and she stops.

She's actually a decent cook, she's made some really good food before, but she hasn't cooked anything other than microwave or ready meals for the last few weeks.

'One day I will!' She says, starting out of nowhere and making me jump. 'One day I'm gonna cook you something great! Then we'll see who's laughing!'

We head out the store and into the street. It's a cool summer night, with a warm breeze blowing around. This place would be a great place to live if it wasn't so expensive.

The walk to the bank isn't too far, only takes about ten minutes to get there. Me and April talk and laugh about things that have been going on recently, poking fun at each other and just enjoying each other's company.

We reach the bank and head inside. The Air con doesn't work and the reception is surprisingly warm. There's a line of about eight people leading up to the desk. There's one person working behind the counter. I breathe in deep and then exhale. April hears me and laughs

'Don't worry Katie, we've got each other to talk to while we wait!'

That's true I suppose.

'So where did you get the clothes?' She asks me.

'Oh, just that clothes shop down the road, you know the one'

'No I don't'

'You know - the one that used to be the discount supermarket'

'Oh right, is it any good there?'

'Yeah it's okay. It's just a clothes shop' I shrug. Nothing special'

The person at the front of the line leaves and the next moves forward.

'What about you?' I ask. 'That's a new shirt, isn't it?'

She's wearing red jeans and a white polo with a logo over the breast. One of those designer ones, three stripes or something. Two red stripes and a grey stripe, with a bird's head looking in one direction. The kind of thing that cost about three times as much as it should because it has a logo on it. You know the thing. She's wearing some slightly worn white trainers that she's had for as long as I've known her.

'Nah, I've had the shirt a little while, someone got it for me a little while ago but I've just never worn it out. Really comfy' she says, pulling it down at the sides.

'Who got you it? Boyfriend? Sister? Friend?' I ask

'Nope, haven't even got a boyfriend. It was by aunt Jessica. You know, the ginger one'

'Oh I know the one. The one who once punched a pigeon?'

'Ha! Yeah, that's the one' April laughs. She'd invited me to go with her one time when she went shopping with her aunt a couple weeks back. A flock of pigeons flew into the air and directly at us three. Me and April has covered out faces with our arms, Aunt Jessica sucker punched a pigeon. We weren't bothered by pigeons for the rest of the day, so I guess it worked...

We giggle for a moment, trying to burst out laughing in front of about seven very irritable looking people in the line.

'When's she next in town, anyway?' I ask April once we've calmed down. The next person in the line finishes off and leaves. Just six left, not including us.

'Not sure really. She said she'd try and come over this month with her kids, you know, Jessica and Angie'

'She called her daughter Jessica too?'

'Oh yeah, her family's had a line of Jessica's. First daughter for about three generations'

'What if they have a son first?'

'They have another kid'

I laugh at that response. I should have saw it coming.

'Anyway' she goes on. 'One of them needs glasses, so they'll be coming down for that'

I nod and take a drink from my lemonade. I've only had a couple sips and it's gone flat by now. April finished hers almost as soon as we'd left the shop. She looks like she might be regretting it now. That's why I drink mine slowly, doesn't fill me up so fast. That said, I could use a toilet sometime soon....

We wait and talk for about half an hour, and only three more people go through. April's shifting foot to foot and pretending not to need the toilet. I've got one leg folded around the other, though I'm not trying to hide anything. Not in front of April anyway.

'W-what's the matter Katie?' April pipes up, pointing at my crossed leg. 'You gotta go? T-try not to have another accident!' she smirks

'A little' I say. She seems disappointed that I'm not even trying to hide it. 'Haven't been since my shift started at three this afternoon'

'...and it's about 8:30 now' April says, glancing at the clock and doing her best not to grab her crotch, swaying clenched fists to and fro in front of her waist. She's always had a small bladder, I've seen her go to the toilet three times in some lectures.

About fifteen minutes later April suddenly gives up her attempts to be subtle and slams her hands into her crotch. She isn't used to holding on for this long. I've finished my lemonade now, which was a bad idea, because I feel as bad as she looks.

'Need the loo?' I ask her. She winces and nods.

'Y-yeah, k-kinda...' She looks over to the line. Just two people ahead of us.

'Won't be too long now' I tell her, though I must admit this is more wishful thinking on my part than anything else. I don't want to go home wet again, but I feel like I might do if these people ahead don't hurry up. As if the universe hears my please, the first in the line finishes and leaves. One person ahead, now at the counter, then it's me and April. Speaking of April, she's leaning against the wall, one leg on the floor, one leg bent at the knee and resting on the wall while she grasps herself with both hands. She looks up at me with a couple tears forming in her eyes from the effort of holding back

'I shouldn't of taken that lemonade!' she chuckles. I smirk back at her. She's right, they were a bad idea. Still, not like we can un-drink them. The person in front of us wraps up with the counter and leaves. April hops forward and takes her place

'Good evening' the attendant says. 'Sorry about the wait, how can I help?'

'I, uhh, need a new bank card' April says, shifting foot to foot. 'I l-lost my old one...'

'Okay....' says the woman behind the counter, clearly in no rush. 'Do you have an appointment?'

'No. Wait, no, yes! I got an appointment last week to come here today!' April stutters. She's too desperate to think straight.

'Okay....' the woman says. She flickers through some paper work on the other side. 'Hmmm......'

'Take your time, no rush' April mutters, too desperate to be polite. The woman doesn't take kindly to this and decides to flicker through a little slower.

After about a minute she answers.

'Ah yes, April, right? Please take a seat, we'll be with you in a moment....' She says, pointing toward a two-seat sofa. April gestures at me to come with her, so I do.

We head over to the sofa. It's a plain red leather sofa, one cushion for a seat but wide enough for two. We sit down and the woman comes over to us.

'Right, I just have to get the forms to cancel your old card, then we can give you your new one' she says, then she walks off into an office

'You need forms to cancel a card?'

'I signed up for a study thing they do, they'll ask some questions when ever I'm in but they also give me a bonus for doing them. I guess they'll want to know how I lost it, where I last s-saw it....' April says. She's sat with both hands between her thighs, and one leg over the other. She's rocking back and forth a little two.

From the office I can hear a kettle turn on. First a quiet bubbling, followed by it getting louder and then hissing when it finishes boiling. All the while April is rocking back and forth. Then comes the sound of water being poured into a cup. I can see the strain on April's face as the sound of running water is almost enough to make her burst. The sound stops, and April leans back hard into the chair, her whole body tensed trying not to pee. She gasps, which I can only guess means she's just squirted a little into her jeans.

'K-Katie?' She whimpers.

'What's wrong?'

'Y-you know when you wet yourself?'

'Yeah, you keep reminding me about it' I say to her. I look at her and she's going red and breathing quickly.

'H-how did it b-begin?'

'What do you mean?'

'D-did you lose it all immediately, or did you lose it bit by bit?'

'Umm, first I lost a few drops, then I spurted a little out a few times, then my bladder squeezed and it all just came out and I couldn't stop it'. She seems alarmed. 'What stage are you at?' I ask

'I-I, umm, well I lost a few drips in the reception......and I just had my f-first spurt....' She blushes a bright red.

'Ask the woman if you can use the toilets' I say to her. Look, here she comes now!'

The woman wanders over with a cup of tea and some paper work.

'Kate!' April whispers into my ear. 'I'll tap you on the knee if I spurt again, okay?'

'Why not just ask to use the toilet?'

'Something the matter?' The woman asks us. April shakes her head quickly.

'Umm, could I use the toilet?' I ask the woman, on behalf of April, but also a little for myself. The woman looks at April and sees through my genius plan.

'Sorry' The woman says. 'Our toilet is out of order'. You'd have to go next door, like we've been doing all day'

'B-but next door is shut!' April spurts out.

'Well then you'll have to hold on' the woman tells us. She puts the papers on a coffee table in front of us.

April takes the papers and a pen. She's about to start writing when she tenses up for a second. Then she taps me on the knee quite urgently. I look at her sympathetically. She looks back, looking very nervous.

'Come on April' I say quietly. 'Once you've done this, we're done and we can go home'. It hasn't dawned on April yet, but it has on me, that even if she finishes without wetting herself, we still have a short train ride home, and then a ten minute walk from the station. I don't think I she'll make it.

April hurriedly scribbles out the answers on the form, which asks questions such as 'how often do you use the card', 'where do you keep it', that sort of thing. I wait, one hand pressed between my legs. It takes about a minute for April to finish the paper, then she hands it back to the woman. The woman smiles as she takes it, then she sits back down. April tenses again, for about three seconds, before jabbing me in the knee

'Ow!' I whisper harshly to her

'I-I-I can't h-hold it!' she whimpers. 'I spurted really hard!'

'I know' I tell her. 'I heard it'

She blushes.

The woman reads over the paper, then stands up. 'I'll just go and fetch you your new card, I'll be back soon'. She walks back off into the room where she'd been before. Once again the sound of pouring water interrupts the silence while she's in there

'Can you believe her?' I ask April, who doesn't respond. 'She's making tea again!'

I realise as I say this that the woman isn't making tea. April taps me on the knee a couple times, and I realise what's happening. I look over to April, who's face has drained white. I feel heat spread around my left leg and look down. The sound of pouring water is coming from next to me.

'I-I'm so sorry!' April whimpers. 'I-I couldn't hold it!'

I look down at the sofa to see a warm puddle spread around April and into me. The hot liquid quickly soaks into my jeans, staining them dark blue almost as soon as it touches. April's red jeans are similarly staining a dark red around her backside. She's moved her hands from her crotch, and where her legs are so tight together a small reservoir has grown, a tiny golden rippling lake sits between her thighs, steam rising from it. Beneath her legs the puddle grows quickly, pooling around her where she's pressing into the cushion.

I'm close enough to her that my indent in the cushion is enough for it to spill around me as well. She looks apologetically into my eyes as my thighs are swallowed by the warm puddle. The quiet hiss is interrupted when the puddle begins to overflow the sofa and pours onto the grey carpet floor, pattering dully into the carpet and staining it black. The small streams quickly grow and merge into one larger stream; A yellow waterfall pounding into the carpet between April's feet.

'I-I-I'm trying to s-stop, I really am....' she mumbles to me. I place one hand on her thigh - on the dry part, obviously.

'Don't' I whisper. 'just let go'

She nods, closes her eyes, breathes in, and then sighs as she relaxes. The hissing grows louder as April relieves herself. The additional force from her bladder spreads the pee further down her legs, spreading the wet patch quickly. The wet patch catches my finger tips before I can realise and pull them away, but I get away with minimal damage. I can feel her puddle spreading around me faster, until it's almost reaching my other leg. As her bladder begins to draw empty I can hear her suppressing sobs.

'Hey' I whisper to her, putting one arm around her. 'Don't worry about it. Happens to the best of us. At least once a week'

She giggles and I smile.

'W-what should we say to her?'

'Hm? Oh, don't say anything. Pretend it didn't happen'

'What?!'

'Trust me, it works'

She nods, just in time for the woman to come back in with an envelope in her hand. She looks a little shocked when she sees the puddle we're sat in, and the puddle at April's feet. She looks at both of us, waiting for an explanation. Neither me nor April say anything, instead we look at her innocently.

'Oh....I, um, here's your card...' the woman says. April takes it. 'Have a nice, uh, weekend' she finishes. I thank her and we both nod, standing up. As April stands, the small puddle held between her thighs gets thrown forward onto the coffee table, flickering cooling drips toward the woman. She recoils quickly. April's pulling a great poker face. We start to walk out, April's trainers squishing with each step

'Oh my god!' April laughs when we walk out. 'I can't believe i just-!' She rubs her palms against her face. It's darker outside now, the light from the street-lamps being the only illumination left. The woman, still looking quite confused, follows us to the door, and places the 'closed' sign on the window. 'I can't believe I got away with that!' April says, looking at me

'We haven't yet' I remind her. 'We still need to get home, and I still need to go to the toilet'

April nods.

'Come on then' she says. 'Let's head over to the station.

The train ride home is mostly un-eventful, as is the walk to the dormitories. Aside from the occasional person taking a double take at April's glistening jeans, no-one seems to even mention the issue.

We both walk into April's dorm, and I throw my coat off to one side. By now I'm quite desperate to go, but at least now there's a toilet I can use. No need to panic. This week I won't be wetti-

'K-Katie?'

'Hm?'

'How do you feel after you've wet yourself?'

'Uh, I don't know...' I respond. 'Kinda embarrassed, kinda relieved, kinda sticky and itchy...why?'

'Oh, just wondering...I, uh, feel the same. As that.' She says, blushing a little. She's hiding something. As long as I've known her she's never been good at hiding things, but what was she hiding?

'Why? Do you feel anything else?'

'What? I, ha ha, no! W-why would I?'

I raise an eyebrow at her. She blushes and looks awkward. I decide to let it slide.

'Mind if I use your toilet?'

'How long can you hold it?' She asks, ignoring my question.

'I don't know!' I tell her. 'Not much longer, I've needed to go since you picked me up!'

'When did you last go then?'

'Uh, around three I guess. And it's about nine now, so....'

'That's quite a while....' she says.

'I'm guessing you can't hold it quite so long' I say, smirking. She doesn't immediately notice my smile, but she chuckles when she does

'I g-guess not!' she laughs. She looks at my legs, still damp where she'd wet them. 'Sorry I pee'd on you' she says. I giggle

'Hey, no worries!' I say. 'I've done it enough times recently, makes a change for someone else to do it!'

April giggles. She looks down at her wet clothes.

'I'd might as well get a laundry run going...' she says. She points to my bag. 'Want me to wash those too?'

'Yeah, sure, thanks!' I say. I hand her the bag. She starts to undo her jeans

'You don't mind me getting undressed do you?' She asks. I shake my head. Nothing she has that I don't.

She pulls them down, peeling the wet fabric from her glistening thighs. Her white cotton panties are now a see-through yellow. Having taken her jeans off, she then pulls them down too.

'Want me to take your jeans too Katie?' She asks, pointing to me. 'It is my fault that they're so wet.'

I nod and stand up, going to undo the button. I fiddle and pull at it but it doesn't move. I glance over to April, who is now peeling off her see-through socks.

'It's stuck' I say flatly. She giggles.

'What do you mean it's stuck?'

'I mean it's stuck!'

'Well unstick it!'

I pull and shake at the button. It refuses to go through the hole. Without a hand to help my bladder hold on, the need to pee grows immensely. I try alternating between the button and holding but it doesn't get any where. After five minutes of fiddling, while April helpfully sits bare-legged on her bed watching me, I figure out what I have to do.

The denim, being new, is still rather stiff. The button won't go through unless I pull on the side without the button in one direction, then let the button's rim slide along the denim until it fits through the hole. But here's the catch: I have to pee so badly I can't hold on without using my hand as an aid. I can't undo my button without wetting myself. And I can't use the toilet without undoing my button. I glance at April who realises this.

'I think that's called a catch 22' she tells me, grinning. I nod.

Then I get an idea

'April, what I'm going to do is I'm going to take my shoes off. Then I'm going to stand in your shower while I take my jeans off'

'Why?'

'So that when I wet myself it doesn't matter because it's in the shower'

She laughs and leads me into the bathroom. I stand in her shower cubicle and pull my sandals off. She takes them out and puts them in the hall, then comes back in

'You don't have to watch me, you know' I remind her.

'Yeah I know' She says.

'So why are you?'

She just giggles and shrugs.

Welp, here we go. I relax my bladder and begin peeing.

The relief that hits me as I start peeing is almost enough to distract me from the button. Almost. I manage to ignore the hot shiver up my back as my bladder spills its contents into my new jeans. Without any underwear to dampen the stream, I pee full force straight onto the denim, resulting in a rapidly spreading dark streak down my leg. I pull the side of my jeans without the button to one side, creating a space between the denim and my skin, which is quickly filled by hot urine where the denim can't absorb it quickly enough.

The button starts to slide, until it falls into the hole. Holding it in place so it doesn't fall back through, I can see down the front of my jeans. I'm peeing quite powerfully and it's splattering all over my skin as it splashes off the denim. Two streams fall at my feet down either leg, pooling around my toes before streaking down to the drain. I manage to pull the button free, and I let the denim flap open, baring myself to April. I don't try to stop peeing now that I've started, instead I grin at her and let it out. She smirks at me from across the bathroom, and I smirk back.

'They were wet anyway' she reminds me.

'They're wetter now!'

I stand still and wait for my bladder to empty itself. Pee soaks around my thighs before it can soak through the denim, leaving a dark blue stain all around the front of my legs. The stain holds in the heat, which in the cold bathroom I'm quite grateful for. Still, the cold doesn't seem to bother April as she stands against the sink watching me. I press my legs together while I'm peeing to squeeze some out of my jeans. It doesn't really do anything, not that it would matter as I'd just replace it immediately. After a minute of peeing into them, I finish. The last few drips fall from me and I pull the jeans down. One foot after the other, I hop out of them and pick them up. They drip a little, but I don't want to squeeze them and get pee all over my hands. Legs is one thing but hands are another. April doesn't seem to mind though, and she takes them from me as if they're nothing weird about them. I can see a few streaks run down her hand

She puts my jeans in with hers and my uniform. She invites me to stay over the night, considering that she can't kick me out while I'm naked, she doesn't have any clothes my size, and that she needs someone to study with. We sit bare legged in her kitchen with the light on, revising late into the night before. She reminds me that I have work the next day. I remind her that we've got that test on Wednesday. She giggles again, and yawns. She decides to call it a night at around 3. I decide that sleep is for the week and eventually crash on her sofa at five. My alarm wakes me up at six, and I regret deciding that sleep is for the week. I take my clothes from the washer, crinkled and still hot from the drier and put them on. Before i leave I check on April, who is asleep in just her shirt and on top of her covers. I smirk before heading out her room. I breath in, and then out again in a sigh. Another day, another dollar. Time to start my Sunday morning shift

*011*2017-05-17 00:20

'That'll be twelve-fifteen, would you like a carrier bag?'

The man shakes his head and hands me his card. I swipe it over the reader and hand it back

'Thank you, see you soon'

Of course he's left before I've finished again.

Another Sunday morning shift, and another sleepless night before. Last week I'd slept over at April's place, and I had an excuse to be tired. No excuse this week though. At least not one that Margret will accept. But then again, Margret can-

'Morning Katie!' comes a cheerful voice

Speak of the devil...

'We aren't filming again are we?' I ask, yawning.

'What do you mean?' she asks back, sounding genuinely curious

'You just seem really happy today' I tell her. 'Is something wrong?'

'Har har' She replies. 'Actually I'm being interviewed today for a promotion, so I'm trying to act happy'

'That must be hard'

'It is with you around' she frowns, before putting on a smile again. 'But who could be miserable with such lovely deals around!'

She looks at me, waiting for an answer. I look at her, waiting for her to say something amusing. I can see her eyes darting side to side. I think I know what's going on.

'Are they going to do one of those interviews where they send someone in secret? And he'll have a bunch of problems and you'll have to help him out?'

She glances side to side. Shop's empty. She leans in close to me.

'That is exactly what they're doing' she whispers. 'They said he'd be coming at some point over the month'

'Have you been keeping this up all week?' I ask. She nods.

She stands back up and sighs. 'Well, better keep at it...' she groans, before re-applying her smile and walking off. I almost wish I worked a week shift so I could watch her like this, it's great watching her try to stay cheerful, even while there's a bunch of kids charging about and knocking crisp packets flying. Luckily for her no-one goes shopping on a Sunday morning, except for that one man who always buys cigarettes. You know, I've never seen him buy anything else...

Hold on, gotta use the toilet. I'll be back in a moment

Never mind, some kids been sick all over the seat. I mean he could of at least opened it first.....

Looks like I get to hold on again! And we all know how well that ends up for me. I just seem to be having a run of bad luck with this sort of thing. Still, I haven't had a drink in ages. I can probably hold it quite a while today. Although that does just mean I'll feel desperate for longer. At least if you drink loads you might wet yourself and get it over with, but otherwise you get to sit with full bladder that doesn't burst. And that's almost worse.

I'm fine though. I don't need to go That badly. I think I can make it.

Probably anyway.

I lean back and look around the shop floor. As is expected, it's almost entirely empty except for Margret, wandering about and trying to look like she's busy. I don't think she's fooling anyone. I swing the chair side to side. It's going to be a long day....

Four hours since my shift started, it's now half past 11. Half an hour until I can leave. And as I predicted, my bladder has been screaming for the past half hour but it won't go. Haven't drunk anything. There's no liquids in my body that I can add to push my bladder over the edge. So I get to sit here, wriggling back and forth, safe in the knowledge that I won't be wetting myself any time soon.

While I'm thinking about how much I need to go, and how great it would be to go, a woman starts unpacking her shopping onto the belt. I glance over at her, then the shopping, then the till. Time to get scanning.

First a few bottles of water. They slosh about temptingly but I hold myself dry, Then some salad, a few vegetables, then a couple cans of sodas

'Oh, sorry, I just wanted four sodas, I've taken five by mistake' The woman says, handing one over. 'You've scanned it now, you might as well have it' she smiles at me. I smile back, thanking her. On the one hand, the last thing I want right now is a drink. On the other hand, I don't want to be rude and refuse it. Plus it was rather nice of her to give it to me

As she begins walking out, I open the tin without thinking. Realising what I've done, I sort of look at it for a moment. If I leave it open it will go flat, and then it won't be as nice. If I drink it now, I might wet myself within the hour. Hmmm.....What time is it?

I glance over to the clock on the wall. It's still half past 11. My shift ends at twelve. I might wet myself within the hour, but I'm only here for half an hour, that gives me fifty fifty odds of making it out the store dry.

Those are some odds I'll take! I put the tin to my lips and drink. It's only store brand cola, but when you haven't drunk anything since six in the morning it tastes like heaven! I can't stop myself drinking about half the tin before I pull it from my face, if only to breathe. Another customer has put their bags down, and is loading the shopping onto the belt. I start scanning it over

By twelve, I realise how much a difference half an hour can make. I finished the tin in about five minutes, and ever since then I've been wriggling in my chair, twisting it back and forth and rocking about when I think no-one's looking. But it's twelve now, and that means I get to leave! I made it out the store dry!

...That shouldn't be an accomplishment for me, I'm in my twenties....

I stand out my chair, un hook my name badge from my polo-shirt and put it in my pocket. I slide the chair back under the desk and walk out the till, head over to the office, and give my name badge in for the week.

'See you later Maggie!' I sing. Margret hates being called Maggie, but she also really doesn't want to risk being seen angry, so she forces a grin.

'Good bye Kate.' She hisses through a smile of clenched teeth. I grin as I saunter out the office. Round about now I realise I still have to get home. And that means the bus.

I mean it could be worse - the bus at midday isn't as bad as the bus at eight in the morning, or 4 in the afternoon. That's when all the school kids are on board. But that doesn't mean the busses are good. They still smell of bodily fluid, the floors are still sticky, and the drivers are never in any kind of rush, which is a real issue when you live at the other end of the bus route and your bladder feels like it might give up any moment.

You know what I'm gonna do?

I'm gonna call a cab!

I pull out my phone and tap in the number for the local taxi firm. After a moment of ringing someone picks up

'Hello? Yeah, a taxi please' I say into the phone, one hand holding it to my face, the other hand buried between my legs. 'That's right, to the university dorms.....five minutes? Yeah, that'll do'. He hangs up. I-I can make it five minutes, right? Not like I have a choice really...

I stand outside the store. It's warm outside, but that doesn't mean it doesn't look like it's about to start raining. Thick grey clouds seem to be blowing over from one direction. Guess I've got a thunderstorm to look forward to tonight....

It only takes five minutes for the cab to arrive, but it seems like hours, as I stand outside, hand between my thighs and twisting side to side. The cab pulls up, honking on the horn twice to signal me. The driver opens the door and I sit inside. The drive doesn't look too much older than me.

'Uh, hullo' he says as I sit in. 'University dorms, right?'

'Yeah!' I blurt out. 'T-that's the one!'. Sat in the passenger seat I pull over my seat belt and plant both hands between my legs. Jeans today, full length. Canvas shoes underneath. And the standard uniform polo shirt. Margret doesn't really like us wearing jeans, but Margret doesn't do my laundry.

'E-everything alright?' the driver asks. 'You seem on edge'

'I, uh, sorry...I really gotta, uh, go' I tell him. Usually I might keep it to myself, but it's kinda obvious with the way I've got my hands clasped on my crotch.

'ha ha, I'll get a move on then!' The drive says, trying to reassure me. It doesn't quite work. Mostly because as we pull out the main road we turn right, and straight into a line of traffic. I groan.

'Sorry...' He apologises.

'Don't w-worry' I tell him. 'N-not your fault...'

I gotta say, I really don't want to wet myself in this guys car. Partially because it would be embarrassing, partially because I'll be charged for cleaning, and I can't really afford to clean taxi chairs and also have steady meals.

'I-if I start.....' I begin saying, but I cut myself off.

'Start what?' He asks, occasionally going forward a few feet.

'I-if I start, you know......losing......Could you just let me hop out.....'

'Uh- yeah! I m-mean, if worse comes to worse-'

'And I think it could...'

'I-I'm sure you'll be fine!' He says to me, smiling reassuringly. I wish I believed him...

The drive is mostly quiet, aside from the hum of the engine, and the occasional grunt from myself as my bladder kicks up a fuss. So desperate to go! Can't pee in the cab though, and I might die of embarrassment if I do have to get him to open the car door so I can wet myself in the road. And I would wet myself - It's one thing to wet myself in public, but it's entirely another to expose myself in public. Got to draw a line somewhere. And I feel like I might be drawing lines down my jeans soon!

Slowly the traffic begins to clear, but slowly really is the word. Fifteen minutes - which feels like so much more - and I've barely made it half way down the high road. I could probably have walked faster. I'm trying my best not to rock back and forth like a mad-woman in the seat, my bladder begging for sweet relief at any price. But I can't let it happen now....

*drip*

Oh god! I felt it. I felt a drip. That's it. It's starting. I don't have long now. Gotta make a choice, do I soak this guys car-seat, or do I

'Open the door!' I spurt out. The driver blushes in shock and looks at me.

'W-what? That bad?'

'Y-Y-Yes!'

'Traffic's clearing now!' he splutters, putting his foot down and moving forward. I don't know what to do now. I need to go! And he won't let me!

'Open. The. Door.' I manage to hiss, barely holding on. By now my eyes are clenched shut, and the only thing I can hear is the engine rev up loudly, before I feel the car pull ahead.

'D-don't worry!' He says to me. 'I'll get you to the dorms real quick! I-I know a shortcut!'

I don't trust him to make it, but if he ends up with a wet car it's his fault. My bladder is silently screaming at me, and in my head I'm silently screaming at the driver, and I imagine he's silently screaming at me to hold on. I can barely tell the car is moving, with my eyes shut tight, legs pressed down hard on the floor, hands between them, and trying not to moan. Somehow I'm staying dry, then we hit a speed bump

*thunk*

The car shudders, and I lose control of my muscles, losing a hot streak of pee into my jeans, staining them almost immediately. I must have shrieked, as the drive nearly jumps out the car

'D-D-Don't worry! N-nearly there now!' He insists. I'm nearly there that's for sure, if there is at my breaking point. As I manage to regain control, I manage to open my eyes. I don't recognise the road we're in, but I can see the university bell tower in the skyline, so I know we're going the right way. I gasp when I see it, nearly losing more from anticipation. The car seems to glide down the alleys, though each corner presses down on my already aching bladder. The cooling wet patch between my legs tempts me more each second, as if it is a teaser of how I could feel, and I really do want to feel it.

'Hnn! Open the door!' I insist a third time, and the car pulls to a halt. I pull on the handle and am about to squat down when the driver says to me

'We're here!'

'What?'

'This is the dorm!' he says, leaning over.

'H-how much do I owe you?' I ask, pushing my hand into my pocket and slowly losing a trickle down my leg, which slowly stains the denim a darker blue.

'Given the situation' he says, 'no charge'

'T-thanks!' I say, looking at the set. A small few wet spots, I'd only just managed to hold all the liquid in my jeans, but a damp circle the size of an apple sits where I was a moment ago.

'Do you want me to pay for cleaning?' I ask, getting my priorities wrong and losing a couple dribbles as punishment.

'No, no!' he says. 'It's an emergency, I'm sure they'll understand at the dispatch!'

'T-thanks!' I say, turning and running to the dorm rooms. With each step i take my bladder loses another drip, when I get to the front door I'm clearly losing control, with a wet patch the size of a beer bottle down one leg. I thrust my hands into my pockets and pull out my keys, and as I yank them out I throw out a couple coins and my phone. Bending over to pick them up, I squirt quite hard, but I manage to recover everything before I start completely peeing. Standing up and looking down, I've left a few drips on the floor, and there's a wet line down to my knees. I jam the key into the hole, and luckily for me it goes it without any struggle. A quick twist to the left and the door swings open. I jog down the corridor, losing more and more until I reach my own room. As I fumble for my room key, my bladder begins to give way, slowly letting out a steady stream to replace the fierce spurts. The stream runs neatly down my legs, pouring off the cuff of the jeans and soaking into my shoes.

Blushing a hot red, I fumble at the lock and push the key into it. It sticks at first, but it jerks into the lock, and I twist it. I step into my room, turning round and slamming the door shut, only just catching a glimpse of the dinner-plate sized puddle on the polished floor behind me. I kick of one shoe, then the other, then dart for the bathroom. I grab the door handle and pull - Nothing! I nearly give up right there before I remember I'm meant to push it. I lean into the door, losing another squirt as I do.

Turning around and into the room, I look around for the toilet, so desperate now I can barely remember the layout of my own room. I look at it, and nearly burst as I do. Seat's down, So I lean over to pick it up, squirting once more as I do so, and this time I can't stop entirely - a gentle streak is determined to make its way out now, and as I try to turn around I flick fresh urine off my ass and around the bathroom. I don't have time to think about cleaning it up yet, all I can think of right now is taking off my jeans. I pull at the button, but to no avail. I push and pull, and slowly my streaming bladder picks up speed until I can hear dripping on the bathroom floor. The drips, the heat down my legs, and the cry for relief are all too much, and I just....

'Haaaahhhh!'

I let go. I can't hold back and I don't want to. My jeans were already too wet to wear without washing anyway - so I relax and let my bladder squeeze itself hard, pushing what seems like an ocean out into my jeans. The pent up pressure is released with force, hissing as it pounds into the seat of my jeans as I stand, knees bent with my hands over my fly. I tear up as the relief almost wipes me out, my body shuddering a couple times as by bladder really squeezes hard, forcing the stream out as best it can. My denim pants can barely even attempt to hold back the torrent erupting from inside me, which splashes onto the floor, making a strong yellow puddle in front of the toilet bowl. I try to step back in an effort to at least get it down the bowl, but my legs aren't listening to anything other than the Thsssshh! from inside my jeans. I can't move as my bladder drains itself loudly down my legs, but I can moan, so I do.

I do of course mean I can't hold back a deep moan as the day's built up desperation bursts out in just over a few minutes; Every drop of pee I'd been holding in so tightly now spraying against my thighs just inches from the toilet. I can hardly think straight it feels so good to get it all out of me, even if it was ending up on the floor. Well, most of it was ending up still on me, in my jeans and in my socks, but what soaked through left it's mark all over the bathroom floor.

As my bladder begins squeezing out the last few wave, I begin panting my body returns control to me. I slide my hands down to my knees, resting on them. I try to stand up, but the effort is too much and I fall forward onto my knees. I gasp a few time, feeling weak and worn out. It doesn't help that my sleep pattern is awful. The puddle feels cool against my legs, which had been kept warm by the thin layer of piss-soaked denim. I have to lean against the sink to keep myself from falling. I sit in my mess and just wait for a moment, trying to catch my breath.

After a minute or so, I've mostly recovered, though I still feel like I need to sleep, but that's nothing new. I stand up in the puddle, socks squishing and cold jeans clinging to my legs. I stand up straight, lean back and breath in deeply. Air taken in, I resume normal breathing and go to undo my button. It's a little stiff coming out the denim, but it's easier now the fabric is soaked. The button slides through, and then I can undo the zipper. The zip slides down with ease, though I brush of some still-warm drips with my hand as I pull the zipper down. I let my jeans slide down off me, helping them down by jerking my legs, flicking more drips about. I peel off my once-white panties, which are now see through and yellowed. I slump onto the toilet and kick the wet clothes off my legs and into the tub. I peel of my socks and chuck them in too. I try relaxing my bladder, but as expected there's nothing left to let out.

'Katie!' comes a voice from outside the room, almost making me jump through the roof.

'Katie!, you left your bag in my pla-'

April freezes as she looks into the bathroom. I freeze as I realise the importance of locking the bathroom door. I'm sat, naked on the toilet with a lake of pee stretching from my feet to the door. April looks a mix of shocked and impressed

'You, uh, you missed' She says after a pause. I can't stop myself giggling. I better tell her the whole story...

