Clean up on isle one

Author: Dimwitrolo

*023*2017-06-04 01:36

'That'll be twelve-fifteen, would you like a carrier bag?'

I shake my head and hand over the cash, a ten and a five. The cashier takes the money, puts it in the till and hands me the change

'Thank you, see you soon' she says

I smile and say 'thanks' before me and April leave the camp-site store. We've just picked up a few things, some food (April forgot to pack food) and a thermal flask so we can have tea when we want it. Those things are surprisingly expensive.

'How do you manage to not pack food, April?' I ask playfully. She blushes and grins at me

'Wasn't thinking about food...' she says, smiling.

'What were you thinking of?'

'You!'

I blush deeply! I can't believe she said that! I don't know what to say!

'You're so cute when you do that!' April says, smiling at me. I blush harder.

We reach our tent after a short walk, leaving the food next to the gas-stove. I slump down in one of the folding chairs, April takes a seat on the folding table next to me. I lift up one leg and flick bits of dirt of my bare foot.

'So, anything you wanted to do today?' April asks me.

'I don't know, we could see what's around' i suggest

'That sounds alright. I hear there's a nice restaurant near by, we could head there'

I nod. 'That sounds nice!'

'I was thinking we could head up around 5 tonight, just the two of us...' April says, trying to look confident and calm, but I can see she's absolutely nervous! Look! She's blushing!

'I'd love to April!' I say to her, grinning, and feeling myself blush. She smiles back, turning pink as she does.

I rest my leg on top of the other, foot pointing toward April. She's still grinning. She's trying not to, she's trying to look calm and collected. She's not succeeding though, she's giddy as a schoolgirl! She's giggling now too! I love her!

...I love her.....

....I love her!

I repeat that phrase in my head. It's not something I ever really thought about, being like this with another girl....but it just seems....right....Not because she's a girl, but because she's April. I've only known her for as long as we've been at uni together, but we'd been fast friends! And now, we were going to be so much more....and it feels right!

'Everything alright Katie?' April asks, knocking me out of my haze. 'You look miles away?'

'Huh? I'm fine!' I say to her, blushing again 'Tell me about the restaurant'

She begins telling me about the place, it's got three Michelangelo stars, so you know it's going to be good! It's a little out the way, which means it'll probably be quiet. It overlooks the old town of Libra hills from atop a hill, funnily enough. It was an old farmhouse, but it's been converted. I'm really looking forward to it now...

'April! Come on! We have to get going!'

April's still getting dressed, inside her sleeping pod. Usually she's not shy about being nude around me, but today she wanted to surprise me. I think she'd been planning this whole camping trip miles ahead, and luckily for her everything's going to plan! Well, except the occasional accident, right? But not everything goes to plan I guess...

'Ready Katie?' She calls, pulling the zip on her pod

'I've been ready for the past half hour!'

We'd both had a shower in the shower block, we'd both told a confused old man he was in the woman's shower block, we'd both booked a table, and now we were both about to leave. April must of had some foresight, she'd bought my best clothes! Well, I say best, I mean my least casual. My grey work skirt, loose fitting and swaying around my thighs, my least laddered tights, a pair of brown shoes, and a white shirt. I look more like I'm going to an office than to a dinner. Oh, here she comes out her pod now!

She stands in the middle of the tent's main space and does a twirl. She's wearing a grey pinafore dress, white shirt, brown smart shoes, and white knee-socks. The dress hangs around the mid-point of her thighs. She looks like she's going to an office too...

'Hey, isn't that mine?' I ask her

She looks shiftily to one side

'no...'

'Yes it is!' I say, smirking. 'That's my dress!'

'S-sorry, I got my clothes at the last minute, my old dress is too big on me now...'

'That's fine!' I tell her. 'It really suits you anyway!'

'Thanks Katie!' she says, grinning. 'It's a little short on me'

'No, you're just too tall for it!'

We grin at each other.

'Right, you ready now?' I ask

She nods.

'Let's go then!' I say, not hiding my enthusiasm.

'Yep!' She says, getting out her car keys. We head out the tent, close the flap behind us and lock the zips together. We both know the lock combination of course. We're about to get into the car when I get a familiar urge

'Hey, April? Could we stop off at the toilet block first?'

'No'

I laugh. 'What do you mean no?'

'I mean no!'

She grins at me like she's telling me something. What ever it is I don't get it. I open the car door and slide into the seat

'What do you mean no, April?' I ask again

'We're in a bit of a rush' she tells me. 'You can go when we get there, okay?'

'Hnn, okay...'

'Good!' She says, turning the key in the ignition. 'We'll be there in half an hour'

'Half an hour!?'

She smirks at me again, same look as before. Is she getting at something?

We pull out from our car's spot, spitting up some wet grass as the tyres don't quite hold initially.

I sit in my chair squirming. When we pass the toilet block I can't help but look a little longingly at it, stopping only when I catch April grinning at me.

'Do you really need to go that bad?' She asks

'Yes!' I say, assuming she's about to stop and let me go.

'Well, you can make it half an hour!' she tells me. No I can't!

'April!' I protest. She smiles at me again. 'I need to pee!'

She smiles as she presses on the pedal and the car pulls out the campsite onto the main road. Well, it's hardly a main road, it's just the biggest dirt road. Being a dirt road it's a little bumpy, and with a bladder like mine that's could be an issue. I'm already squirming in my seat, with one hand between my thighs, one large bump and I might -

*Thunk*

The car goes over a pothole and jars quite nastily, and I slam my hands into the door and the chair to stabilise myself! It's only a second that the car jumps, but it's long enough that the contents of my bladder make a break for freedom! I shoot a tiny jet into my knickers, and as soon as the car is driving smoothly again I've slammed my hands onto the source. I only just manage to hold it back, and April seems to notice.

'You alright?'

'I peed!' I blurt out

'Huh, that bad?'

I nod, one eye open, the other clamped shut, hands between my thighs. There's no wet spot on my grey skirt somehow, and I'm quite surprised. So is April, judging by her face

'Think you'll make it to the restaurant?'

'N-no!'

She sighs and leans back, as if she's a little disappointed. She looks at me again. 'Absolutely sure?'

I can't say anything, but I manage a forced nod as another spurt escapes, encouraged to by the first.

'Alright, I'll pull the car over' She says. She slows down and pulls to the side of the road. I open the door, get into a squat, and hike my skirt up, baring my grey tights to the world. Well, the bushes. With my other hand I pull my tights halfway down my thighs. My bladder squeezes hard and I decide that my underwear is about to be collateral. A fierce hiss erupts as I pee powerfully into my knickers, the heat flooding my - err - myself, and the liquid splattering onto the dirt floor.

Even though I'm squatting down the pee manages to splash up tiny brown flicks of warm mud which speckle the backs of my heels. The relief hits me like a tank and I can't hold back a relieved sigh and I roll back my eyes. I catch April watching me with intently, but I'm too relieved to care right now! The relief I'm getting from this is amazing, even if it is soaking my backside and ruining my clean knickers. I open my eyes and grin blissfully, catching April still staring at me, entranced. I wink at her, she doesn't notice

'April?' I say, my bladder still draining

'Hn? Yeah?'

'You okay?'

'G-great!' she says. She's blushing a warm red, and trying to look like she isn't...aroused?

'April?'

'Yeah?'

'Does this....'

'Does this what?'

I finish peeing and stand up. I face toward the car, giving April a frontal view of my soaked underwear. I can't see her face for the roof of the car, but something tells me she's impressed. I pull on my knickers and let them slap back on, flicking a couple pale yellow drips off myself. I bend down and pull up my tights, and then let my skirt fall over them again. I climb back inside, careful not to step in the fresh puddle.

'Did that tu - it's nothing....' I say. I was going to ask her something, but I'm looking too much into things.

'Did it what?'

'Oh, ha! It's nothing, I thought maybe....'

'Maybe what?'

'Maybe that me, err, going, was...turning you on?' I say, looking at her. She blushes, but her face stays still. 'Ha! Crazy, I know, why would it-'

'Yes.'

'What?'

She blushes bright red again, and looks forward in the car. I shut the door, and she drums her fingers on the wheel.

'I-I-it does.....' She manages to say. Somehow she blushes more.

'It turns you-'

'It arouses me!' she blurts out. 'I-I-I find it amazing when you wet yourself!'

I'm a little stunned. I mean, I think the relief is great and all but I don't.....well, I might.....a little.....

'S-sorry...' she says, looking at her lap.

'N-not a-'

'Not a normal thing, I-I know!' she interrupts. 'I m-mean, it's just pee right? Who would-'

'April'

She looks to me again

'If you like it....' I say. She looks like she's about to tear up. '....then I'll do it for you.....'

I didn't think I was going to say that! I thought I was going to tell her that it was okay, or that I didn't mind! But my mouth is doing its own thing now! Like it's doing right now! My lips are moving toward her, and....

....and we kiss

I lean into her and kiss her, the heat from her blush almost burning me. It catches her off guard, and when I pull back to look at her she's stunned. Eyes wide open, like a scared rabbit. I smile at her and blush. She smiles back and leans into me, and we kiss again. I can feel her eyelashes twitch as she closes her eyes, and her hand pressing gently against my cheek. Her tongue bursts out from her lips and then through mine, I wrap my tongue around hers, and we-

*BWEEEEE*

We jerk back! Still blushing bright red! We snap our heads forward and look out the window! It takes us a moment to realise that April had managed to bash her elbow into the car's horn, and we laugh when we realise. We finish laughing after a short while, and our eyes lock again. We lean in for one more quick kiss, and then we fall back in our chairs. April puts her foot down and we pull out again

'So, you aren't put off by my, err, thing?' April asks, after a five minute silence.

'I, well, no...' I say, looking over to her. She's still driving so she doesn't look to me, but she still blushes. 'I mean, if I'm honest....I sort of like it....'

I feel myself blush as I admit that. It feels good to say it, to admit it. It begins to dawn on me that I held myself for so long, so often, because....I enjoyed it.....I looked back on times I'd deliberately held on rather than using a toilet, so often resulting in accidents...When I was in secondary school I came home wet almost as often as I didn't, I often held till I couldn't while revising (or playing Dark Souls), resulting in wet chairs...only now did I really realise how much I'd enjoyed those times. At the times I'd told myself I didn't enjoy it, and that I was just silly. But now I've admitted to liking it...

'Y-You mean it?' April says, cutting into my thoughts. 'Y-you aren't just saying it for me?'

'N-no - I really do....'

She turns to me again, still blushing but trying her best to look unphased by it all. She's got a big silly grin she's trying to hide

'If that's the case' She says, looking back to the road. 'Then we're going to have a fun night!'

'What do you mean?' I ask, my heart jumping.

'I thought we'd make a little challenge out of tonight...Only if you want to of course!'

I nod to her. 'Tell me what you're thinking'

We make a right turn and the dirt floor gives way to a concrete car park.

'I'm thinking we aren't going to use the toilet at all tonight!'

I grin at her. I've never been so excited to not use a toilet!

'That said' she goes on. 'You've already pee'd, so we should make this fair. We both go when we're in, but not again until we get back!'

'Deal!' I say, way more eagerly than I thought I was going to. I can't help it! I'm excited!

We step out the car, shutting the doors behind us and walking to the entrance. The doors are both mahogany, with brass handles, and flawlessly clean windows. We push open a door each and head inside. A waitress leads us to our table, tells us about the specials of the day, and hands us a menu before walking away

'I though we were going to the loo?' I say to April.

'Yeah, we're just going to let her know what drink's we're ordering first' April says, wriggling a little in her chair.

The waitress heads back and asks what drinks we want. We start off ordering a couple glasses of lemonade, we'll drink wine with our food. She nods and leaves. We head to the bathrooms. We open the door and head in - the room is empty. There are two stalls. I go for one, April goes for the other. We share a quick kiss and head into the stalls to use the toilets. Tonight's about to get fun!

The night's been going well, we had some starters each, with a pint of lemonade. The food's expensive and the portions are a bit on the small side, but the quality makes up for it. Our main meal is a bit larger, and the food is fantastic! We took our time eating, making sure to finish a couple bottles of wine between us. By the time we've finished, things are feeling a little fuzzy, and we're feeling pretty full. Bladders and stomachs. We decide to have a cheeky night cap each and pass on dessert.

The waitress heads over with our nightcaps, a double Irish whiskey each, and the bill. April's way past the point of driving home, so we've agreed to get a taxi. We can come and pick up the car tomorrow, when we're a little less less giggly and a little more legally allowed to drive...

Of course that this point we're both squirming in our chairs, and we've both got a hand below the table at all times. I know I'm using mine to hold myself, and I assume April's doing the same.

'Sso!, bottoms up!' April slurs to me, grinning.

I grin back and raise my glass to her

'C-cheers!'

We both take a drink, finishing about half the glass. A quick shudder as the alcohol hits us, and we look at each other smiling again. We finish the glass and leave the money on the table. The waitress comes over, thanks us, and takes the money. We're free to leave!

April stands up and nearly staggers over, making me giggle. She giggles too when she regains her balance

We walk outside, April taking her phone out her pocket and dialling the number for a local taxi firm.

'How're you holding?' I ask her. She smiles and gives me an okay sign with her hands. Her squirms tell me otherwise though.

'H-hello?' She says on the phone. 'At taxsi please....to the, err (She turns around to read the name of the restaurant), the Washington Reshtaurant, please, to Libra Hills campsites....thanks....'

She hangs up and looks to me, giving me a nod and a thumb up like she's done something impressive. I grin at her and fold my arms. My arms don't stay folded for long though, I have to let one fall back to my crotch to hold on. It's getting harder to keep dry now, and it looks like April can't hold her drinks quite as well as I'm managing. Even then, I've got more than just a buzz.

'Great night, ain't it?' April says to me, trying not to slur as we wait in the car park. She leans against the wall of the restaurant, trying to look casual but I think she's trying not to fall over.

'Yyeah...' I say. 'Really clear sky too....You can see the stars so clearly....'

She looks up and smiles.

'Huh, yeah, you can!' She looks back at me. 'They sure are pretty...'

She wraps her arms around my neck, pulling me to her, and I can almost hear what she's going to say

'Nnot as pretty as you though' She says, smiling. She closes her eyes and moves in. I do the same, and our lips touch. She pulls my head into hers, and our tongues wrap around each other. I caress her back with my hands, managing to ignore my screaming bladder. We pull back after a short while, smiling softly at each other

'Do I get points for guessing that you'd say that?' I ask, grinning. She grins back.

'I might reward you when we get back' she says, hands still around my neck

After a short wait and some star-gazing the taxi arrives in the car park. By now April can barely sit still, squirming and rocking side to side, both hands planted between her legs. I'm squirming myself too, one hand between my thighs

We walk over to the taxi, doing our best to act like we aren't about to flood our skirts. Well, my skirts, April's still wearing mine.

We both take seats in the back, feeling a bit sorry for the driver, who rolls his eyes when two drunk girls slump in the back of his car. Poor guy, and at this time of night too!

'That's to the Libra hills campsite right?' the man says.

'Yesh' April says, playing up how drunk she is. I can almost feel the guy sighing.

'If either of you are sick, you're paying for the clean up' he says sternly

'We'll try not to be' April says, her acting could win her an award. 'But I do feel a little bit like I might-'

'Nope. Out. Get out' He says, cutting April off.

'What? No, dude! Sorry, I was playing!' Aprils bursts, suddenly sounding much more sober. Still a little slurred, but she could pass.

The driver glares at us, not sure he believes her.

'We aren't going to make a mess' I say to him. He seems to take my word for more than Aprils. He nods at me and begins driving

'Sorry and all girls, but I can't be doing with that sort of thing' He says to us. 'This is my own car, and I don't want to clear that out the seats'

'No worries, we get you!' April says to him. 'I wouldn't want that either'

'You had me worried there' He says. 'The amount of times I've had to clear out some sort of bodily fluids from this car...The smell never really goes away'

'It smells fine to me' April says. It doesn't really though, there's a definite odour of stale urine in the car. It's well masked though, I can only notice it if I focus.

I look over to April. She looks to me a bit urgently, pointing at her bladder with one hand - the other one is buried between her legs.

Somehow we make the taxi ride back dry. The taxi pulls up to the entrance of the campsite, and we open the doors and get out. I step out, April sort of throws herself out and lands on all fours. The driver looks at her wearily

'You two gonna be okay now?' He asks

'Should be, thanks for putting up with us'

'No worries, see you'

He turns away and drives off. April stands up, one hand between her legs, and her legs crossed over. She bobs up and down in front of me.

'Something the matter April?' I ask, knowing the answer already

'N-No! I'm fine!' She says, looking at me. She's lying of course, I can tell because she shudders hard and a spurt of pee hits the floor. As she stands bent double, the wet stain begins to form between her hands. Still looking me in the eye, she says 'Now I'm fine'

We start walking down to our tent, bobbing and squirming. By the time we reach the forest bit, I'm feeling the first few waves that are followed by losing control

Each step is harder to take than the last, particularly for April, who is barely shuffling along at this point. I stop and look at her. She doesn't notice me stop, and is still shuffling slowly

'April?'

'Y-yeah?' She manages to say

'How're you feeling?'

'I-I Gotta go!'

I smile at her. She shudders again and a jet escapes her, splattering against the dirt floor. She shudders again and moans, and a seconds and third spurt erupt from her. A small glistening stream runs down one of her legs, soaking into the top of her sock and leaving a yellowish stain. She manages to hold back, but only just. I look at her, and she looks pleadingly at me.

'What's wrong April? It getting too much?'

She nods.

I take her hands in mine - they're very wet and April's a bit reluctant to let me take them. I hold them a second, and a subtle hiss tells me why she was so reluctant

She winces as she looks me in the eye, and a gentle hiss shatters the silence in the woods. She hasn't quite given up, but she seems to have lost control - her bladder is releasing on its own. Her hands squeeze mine and she tenses up again, the soft hiss becoming fierce quickly. She whimpers softly and a stream pounds into the dirt. Smaller streams streak her thighs and stain her socks, running down into her shoes. She crosses one leg over the other, catching her dress - my dress - between her legs. The grey material is quickly stained almost black as urine soaks through it. I pull her toward me and wrap my hands around her waist, her stream now pattering onto my shoes and soaking into the shins of my tights.

She hugs me back and I can feel her body relax as she lets go. I rub one hand over her backside, holding the dress to her skin and letting it soak up what it can, quickly growing warm, dark and damp. I slide one leg between her two, holding them apart now, and she loses any resistance. With a muffled whimper she pees fiercely straight through her underwear and onto my knee, the hot liquid spilling over it and down my shins. It feels amazing! The silence of the woods, cut away by the splattering of April's pee onto the floor, and the soft moans she lets out as she pees. As the splashes begin to slow down and her bladder finishes emptying itself, I push April's face up by her chin with one finger

'That feel good?'

She nods, tears in her eyes from the relief. I smile.

'It looked good'

I put one arm around her shoulder and we keep walking toward our tent. April is very much out of breath, and its getting harder and harder for me to hold back. A leak or two reach my knickers before I reach our tent. When we do reach the tent, April stops me.

'So, Katie'

'Yeah?'

'You've enjoyed tonight, right?'

'Of course!' I say. This nights been the best night of my life! This whole trip in fact.

'I'm glad' she says, smiling at me, eyes half closed. 'I, I...'

'You what?'

'I love you'

I saw it coming, but it still hits me hard. To hear her say it, it's so heartwarming. She loves me! And I love her! I should tell her -

'I love you too, April'

She pulls me toward her again and kisses me, rubbing her wet hands over my back. She pulls back from me and smiles

'I think we should head inside before someone has an accident' She says.

I'm about to have one too, I can't hold back a leak before she manages to open the tent flap. We walk inside, or more accurately I shuffle inside, April walks. We stand in the tent's open space, and she closes the flap again. I'm stood hopping foot to foot

'Your turn!' she says to me, grinning. Rather than let go I grab her by the shoulders and push my face into hers, catching her off guard and kissing her passionately! The initial surprise passes her, and she kisses back, our tongues meeting again. I push her to the floor of the tent, and sit on top of her. She looks up at me and grins

'My turn!' I say with a sly look, and as the next desperate wave hits me I let myself go! I sit on top of April's belly and a hissing erupts as I let my bladder drain! It cascades through my panties and tights, which offer little to no resistance. A stream of pee lands on April's chest, soaking into her dress and running down her. She grins and pulls me down, and I land on the wet patch, which squishes slightly. I kiss her again as I pee. She pushes her waist up and lets pee run up her torso, soaking her shirt and her dress, a few streaks emerging again when they reach the neck.

Below her a puddle forms, soaking into the grass. I try to resist grinning as a wave of relief floods over me, the way I'm flooding over April. I can feel her lips smile against mine as she realises what's happening. She opens her mouth and our tongues wrap around each other again, and I run a hand up and over her soaking chest, stopping as I reach her breast. Where she has me pushed up at the waist, pee begins running down my own chest, soaking into my shirt and dripping of onto April. It streaks up my chest and runs out through the neck of my shirt, dripping down onto April along the way. She runs her own hand up and over my chest, mirroring my own movements. As my bladder reaches empty, my legs begin to feel weak, and I fall on top of April. She kisses me again, wrapping her hands around my back and holding me to her. We kiss passionately again, then I roll off onto the floor, splashing in my own puddle. I'm too exhausted to move...

We lie together for a short while, until my puddle starts to cool. When it does, we both get up, kiss, and get undressed. It's too late for us to carry on, and the drinks are having their toll on us now.

'You ready for bed?' April asks me, kissing my chin. I nod. She pulls me into her tent pod, the both of us nude, and we land on top of her sleeping bag. She hugs me from behind, letting her hand wander down me and caressing me gently. I moan softly as she runs her hand over me, but soon she's fallen asleep. I'll have to remember not to get her drunk again if I want to go further. That said, it's been a fun night. And there's always tomorrow...
