Waking Nightmares

Author: DesperateLeak

*000*2023-05-16 15:00

Hey guys this is my first time posting a fictional story to this website so please be gentle! I figured I would experiment with a bit of my writing and work into something new. I hope that you enjoy the story and if you have any critics to please let me know. I intend to hone my abilities as a writer and improve. Thank you!

The morning light was filtering through the humid morning air. Trickles of dust dance on the light rays as if excited for the fresh start of a weekend. The familiar room of white walls and clean surfaces seemed to exude the personality of the owner lying in bed. Each object in the room had its unique position and was a reminder of a clean sophisticated lifestyle. No time for clutter or dust, just time to relax and indulge in an orderly home. Inside the room was a series of bookshelves and paintings that held onto stories.

Illuminating each shelf were stories like “Great Gatsby”, “Eragon”, “Paradise Lost”, “Dante’s Inferno” and “The Canterbury Tales” each story a world completely unlike the society of modern times. The paintings told another story of times past, rather than paintings of hillsides and beauty; these paintings were almost horrifying to look at for the shapes were strange and stretched. The abstraction of thoughts was lost in the artist as they splattered the canvas. A testament to the utmost tradition.

The blending of traditional literature with nontraditional abstract art told a profound story of the individual snoring in bed. The sheet was neatly folded over them as if the bed had never been slept in before and the crisp clean showed a manner of discipline when lying down in bed. As if every single movement was painfully obvious and calculated. The bed was folded in the specific manner of hospital corners and was covered was a bland brown blanket that yielded no other use than warmth. In not for the small occasional snore, one could forget that someone was sleeping.

Dreams. Dark abysses are full of disdain and pain. No time for a small moment and no time for precision. Only reminders of a past life. Another mortar made contact with the ground outside. The shaking earth meant that the explosion had to have been close, the Soldier peeked her head outside the tent to see the scattered remains of a Soldier he had met at chow last night. The crater was fifteen meters in diameter and left barely a remnant of the tent that was once settled on the blackened earth. The sounds of alarms finally reached the ears of the horrified Soldier as the shock of the explosion wore off. The time to run was now, each day of hell he remembered the important lessons of Soldiers past that in the event of a motor run you must run like hell and dive for cover.

Except for the question of the evening where is the cover? Having only just gotten to the sandbox a week ago the reality of the new environment was still setting in and the days of travel and briefs had caused her brain to go numb. The panic began to take over and it was obvious that the amount of time contemplating this moment in time could only mean death. The sound of a brief whistle could be heard as the soldier sat frozen in despair. The only feeling was the warm sensation filling her lap. A warm envelope of liquid spread across her hips and trailed down into the seat of her uniform. Tears began streaming down her face and the sudden realization of how quickly life could end struck her like a freight train. This was the end.

With the explosion in the dream rocketing her out of a deep sleep, the panic that once took over her entire body had finally begun to dissipate. Like darkness that was ripped out by the consciousness of the daylight streaming through the windows. The once neatly pressed bed was drenched. The light brown color of the blanket changed to a deep-seated brown that sagged with the weight of her despair. The smell of fresh urine filled the room, and the lack of control was evident. Frozen in fear she could not stop the never-ending stream. The paralyzing fear of death was gripping her bladder and refused to let go. The sagging of her blanket and pajamas were the only thing breaking her from the trance. Finally, as if in a fit of rage, she sat up with haste. 

Holding herself with both hands she managed to cut off the stream, but it was too late. Her tired bladder could do nothing against the flood which caused her to give up. Three nights in a row her bed was soaked, and three nights in a row she was helpless to stop herself. Why try to retain something so simple when life was so easily taken away?

