A Receptionist’s Release

Author: drxpp

*000*2021-06-24 10:11

Lauren did not enjoy her job. One day, she told herself, she’d graduate college, get out of here and do something actually worthwhile. But until then, she had to repeat chirpy “hello there sir, how can I help you?”s and “thank you for calling Duffield Property Management, this is Lauren speaking”s over and over in mind-numbing boredom.

At least this place had free coffee. After a while, drinking coffee became one of the only thing to do, so she inevitably ended up downing mug after mug of the stuff.

As always, her day was horrendously uneventful. Everything was fine. She answered her phone calls and emails, signed clients in and out, and waited for the day to be over. It was remarkable how a job could be both so incredibly boring and not allow her even five minutes for a break without a phone ringing or a client appearing on the other side of her desk.

By two o’clock, her multiple cups of coffee were really starting to catch up with her. She bounced her thigh impatiently as she finished signing off her email, resolving to go and deal with her now pretty urgent need before anything else, clients be damned.

But just as she was about to get up and go, the phone rang. Damn it. And of course, Leanne chose that moment to come out of her office, and Lauren knew she’d be mad if she saw her ignoring a phone call. So she picked it up and recited her script in her most perky phone voice.

“Thank you for calling Duffield Property Management, this is Lauren speaking.” And please make it quick, she added in her head.

But of course, it wasn’t quick. The man on the other end of the phone droned on and on and on before he even got to the problem, and the more he talked, the more Lauren found herself fighting not to zone out. But he was getting increasingly more frustrated and angry as his story continued, and it was all Lauren could do not to interrupt and tell him to get to the point. The quicker this was over, the quicker her rapidly filling bladder would be empty again. She crossed her legs and tapped her fingers against her desk, waiting for him to finally stop.

“That does sound frustrating, sir. I’m very sorry to hear that your experience hasn’t been up to our usual standards.”

“It hasn’t, and you’re going to do something about it! Nearly two fucking weeks we’ve had a broken elevator in this building, and my office is on the fifth floor! Five flights of stairs a day that is!”

“Of course, sir. May I just put you on hold while I investigate the situation?” And by investigate the situation, she meant run to the bathroom and pee.

“No you may not! There’s fuck all to investigate! I’m not getting fobbed off again only for you lot not to bother with us! No, I’m not going anywhere until this is sorted! You know what we’ve been dealing with here?” And he was off again. Lauren groaned internally and reached under her desk, giving her crotch a quick squeeze. It didn’t matter how long he spent talking. She would not let a single drop out.

If only the phones were wireless, then she could sneak it into the bathroom and mute her mic while she emptied herself. This man talked so much, he probably wouldn’t even notice.

But it wasn’t and she couldn’t. She could only try and calm this man down enough to fix his problem while ignoring her own: she really had to pee now. Too much caffeine had her practically vibrating with what felt like oceans worth of burning hot piss sloshing around inside her.

Holding the phone between her ear and her shoulder, Lauren kept her hand up her skirt in a vice like grip. Thankfully, the desk would shield her from view should anyone walk past her, and her frustrated face could easily be taken as difficulty with problem-solving and not piss-holding. By the time she had enough information to get an engineer sent out, she was bouncing in her seat and trying desperately not to leak. She glanced at the clock; she had been on the phone for thirty two minutes and hadn’t been to the bathroom for just over seven hours. No wonder she was squirming. At least she had to be nearly done here, just minutes away from sitting herself down on a porcelain throne and spraying like a firehose.

But of course, it couldn’t be that easy. Her ‘valued customer’ still had more to say, and there was no way she’d keep her job if she mentioned that she was dying for a piss on a recorded phone call, especially one with a man so capable of complaining. But she couldn’t stop herself from interrupting his lecture with a small gasp when the first drip forced its way past her clenched sphincter. It was just a single droplet, but she felt her panic rise inside her like a tide - oh god, don’t think liquid - and writhed in her seat as she put her all into holding the rest of her piss inside her, squeezing her pussy. She had to go and she had to go now.

“I beg your pardon?” the customer said indignantly.

“My apologies, sir. Someone in the office just startled me. Please continue.” God, she wished she hadn’t said that. Both he and her bladder took the invitation gladly, although this time, she remained silent as her panties started to dampen again against her hand. She held herself as tightly as she could, willing herself to keep her seat dry. Peeing herself at all would be horrifically embarrassing but peeing herself at work? That was on another level entirely.

“Mm-hmm. Of course, sir,” she said as she squirmed, her desperation increasingly becoming impossible to manage. The dampness against her pussy from her leaks was torment, the rest of her piss begging to come out too.

Another spurt, and she mouthed swear words to herself as she rocked back and forth, praying for him to finish speaking and for her pee hole to stay closed until she could make it to the toilet.

Her prayers went unanswered. She stood up, pretzelling her legs together in an attempt to hold it all in, but it took under a minute for a few drops to snake their way past her wet panties and down her legs. She trembled, looking around frantically. There was nothing for her to piss on or into, no escape. In sheer panic, she grabbed the phone wire and pulled it out, cutting off the call, then grabbed herself with both hands. Her grip was strong, but her need was stronger.

She couldn’t hold it. She was seconds away from pissing herself for the second time that day. The battle between her brain and her bladder was about to be lost. A few seconds worth of pee spurted out from the crotch of her panties, hitting the carpet beneath her and leaving a tiny wet spot that - if she didn’t do something - was about to get much, much bigger. Then her eyes fell on her trash can. It was small and lined with a plastic bag, but it would be easier to hide than if she pissed directly onto the carpet.

At the same moment she let go of her crotch to grab it, the floodgates opened. In a panic, she spread her legs and placed the little basket between them, pissing directly through her panties. They were a lost cause, but at least she could save the carpet if she aimed well enough. The sound of piss on plastic must have been audible throughout the entire building, even with the fabric barrier softening the hissing.

She could only hope that no one would walk in and catch her in the act, peeing full force and fully clothed behind her desk. But the sheer relief of letting out streams of hot piss outweighed any fear or shame or disgust she could possibly have felt. Lauren’s bladder sang in near orgasmic bliss as she let it finally relax. She pissed for well over a minute, filling up her trash can past the halfway mark, before she finally sank back down onto her chair. There were a few spots on the carpet around the bin, but she had avoided ruining it completely. But she realised as she sat that she had wrecked her clothes. They stuck to her skin, rapidly cooling, and she cursed herself internally for not getting them out of the way in time.

Wrinkling her nose, she took off her shoes and tipped them out into the rest of her pee, then slipped out of her panties. They were soaked, past the point of saving them, dripping even now. So she did the only thing she could think to do and threw them into the trash can with all of her piss. Her skirt would survive, especially since it was black and would hide the stains, but it looked like she’d be going commando for the rest of the day.

At least she didn’t have to go pee anymore. She plugged her phone back in, ready to answer any angry calls with the patience of a saint.

“I’m so sorry sir, it seems we had a momentary technical error with our phone line.”

