The Boat and the Bucket

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2023-06-26 18:47

Yesterday I was reading some stuff on the omorashi board and somebody mentioned something about people having to pee on a boat and it reminded me I had this story that I've been meaning to write for a while now.

Several things inspired this story. I'm pretty sure that when I thought of this back in like January 2022 it was because I remember somebody mentioning that sometimes women would pee in a bucket when they were on a boat like that. Indeed I once asked my dad what they do when he goes fishing on the boat and he said that they have nothing but a bucket, and he said that a woman like me would probably not enjoy something like that.

Then more recently somebody posted on the omorashi board about guys at a boat party with women where there were no bathrooms, so the guys were just peeing in battles or Pringles cans or something like that as the women were looking on with an astonished look on their face, and I thought that that would have been pure torture. I saved the picture that inspired this and I will try to include it here.

Then I thought to myself about the fact that one time my dad when he went fishing his boat broke down and they had to get the Coast Guard to rescue him. So basically all of these things pretty much combined in my mind and ultimately ended up making up all of the different plot points of this story.

For the record I have never really been on a boat since I was a child, and luckily in that case there was a bathroom on board. So I can't really speak from experience in this situation, but once again if I found myself in that situation I probably would have reacted the same way as Jill did, because as always my characters are basically pretty much all based off of me! Enjoy!

Also in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/12730.html

The Boat and the Bucket

"I have never been to a boat party before, what's that like," Jill said.

"It's a party but on a boat," Arthur said giving a thumbs-up. "I mean what more do you really want me to say beyond that? It's just going to be a bunch of us guys and gals hanging out on the boat and everything, and I'm sure it will be a lot of fun."

"Okay I guess I will go, a boat trip sounds interesting, I'll be looking forward to it."

Later that weekend.

"All aboard," Arthur said as he, Jill, Stacy, Chrissy, Gilbert, George and Andrew all got on the boat. "We are now leaving port."

The boat started pulling away from the shore and everybody started mingling. It looked like a pretty small boat for a party but Jill figured it didn't have to be anything fancy. She started talking with her friends and they all started having a bunch of drinks that they brought along.

As Jill continued drinking she was noticing that she was starting to feel a pressure in her bladder, and the fact that they were surrounded on all sides by water certainly wasn't helping the situation. In fact as she started looking at the water, the sound of all of that water rushing along was starting to make her rather frantic and making it hard to concentrate on anything other than the fact that she needed to go to the bathroom.

"Hey everyone, I'm on the poop deck," Gilbert said as he laughed and sprayed some drinks all around.

"Right now I'm not needing a poop so much as," Jill said not wanting to let everyone know that she had to pee really badly.

"What's the matter Jill?" Arthur said as he continued guzzling down his drink.

"Where's the ladies room on this boat," Jill said looking around, as it was only then that she realized she didn't seem to see any signs of a bathroom on the boat.

"Well this is a small boat Jill, not one of those fancy boats that has bathrooms or anything," Arthur said as he continued drinking.

"What the hell you talking about, how do you have a boat without bathrooms on it?" Jill said, not wanting to panic, but as she realized that she had to go to the bathroom noticeably bad, and seeing everybody spraying drinks and guzzling down drink after drink certainly wasn't helping.

"Not all boats have a bathroom," George said.

"What do you do if you have to go to the bathroom though?" Jill said.

"All of this talk about peeing makes me realize I have to drain the lizard," Andrew said as he went to the side of the boat and began peeing into the water.

Jill cringed as she saw Andrew peeing loudly into the water, and he didn't seem to be all that shy about it.

"Not all of us can just pee over the side of the boat like that you know," Jill said, and she could see that Stacy and Chrissy looked as though they were looking at each other as though they probably had to go to the bathroom as well, since they had all been drinking for much of the day.

Arthur shook his head. "You know I guess we haven't really been out on the boat all that much. Basically it's just been us guys who have gone out on the boat every so often, and then usually we are back pretty quickly, and if we have to pee we usually just pee over the side of the boat into the water. You know water water everywhere."

"Yes there is water water everywhere, and it's certainly not helping," Jill said as she found herself involuntarily crossing her legs as the others on the boat started smirking and snickering. "You know if you were going to bring girls on this boat you should have taken into consideration the fact that we are going to have to go to the bathroom at some point!"

"Well if you're afraid of hanging your ass over the side of the boat because you're worried about sharks or something we do have an option B," Gilbert said as he held up a bucket.

"A bucket, you actually expect me to piss in a bucket?" Jill said as she folded her arms and shook her head.

Gilbert put down the bucket and shrugged his shoulders. "Well those are pretty much the only options, you can either pee in the bucket or you could hang your ass over the side of the boat and just pee into the ocean. Or I guess you could just hold it."

Jill frowned. "I guess I will hold it then."

The guys sort of laughed, but Jill could see that Stacy and Chrissy didn't look as amused, and were probably on the same page as she was when it came to urgently needing a bathroom. They were probably expecting that the boat had some kind of a bathroom, it was a pretty reasonable expectation she thought, but maybe she had thought wrong as her current circumstances seemed to suggest.

As everybody continued drinking, and the guys continued peeing over the side of the boat, Jill found herself pacing back and forth crossing and uncrossing her legs increasingly often with each passing minute. She stared off into the horizon and she could see that there was no sign of land anywhere.

"Do you think that we are going to be getting back soon, we've been out here for a couple of hours now and it's starting to get late," Jill said, as now she was truly desperate.

"Why do you want to turn back so soon," Andrew said before he remembered how badly she had to go to the bathroom when he suddenly smiled and began laughing.

"You know I think that Jill's right, I think I kind of," Stacy said as she sort of looked at the bucket and made a motion with her eyes.

"I can see that I'm probably the only woman who has ever been on a boat like this before," Chrissy said as she laughed.

"No way am I peeing in a bucket," Jill said as she looked at the bucket. They were just standing out there in the middle of the ocean, and if she was squatting in a bucket it would be perfectly obvious to everybody what exactly she was doing. She didn't think she would ever be able to go to the bathroom with everybody watching.

"You know you don't have to pee in a bucket, there's a more discreet way about doing it," Gilbert said as he took out one of his empty soda bottles and started unzipping his fly.

"Well what are you doing now," Jill said as Gilbert smiled and laughed as he turned around and everyone started to hear a loud hissing noise going into the bottle.

A moment later Gilbert turned around holding up a bottle full of piss as everybody began laughing.

"That's really gross," Stacy said as Gilbert shook the bottle full of pee in her direction causing her to run away from him.

"You know that's a lot easier to do if you have a penis," Jill said, now more frantic than ever at having seen Gilbert pee into a bottle like that.

"Fair enough, but if you want to try we have plenty of other bottles," Gilbert said holding up an empty bottle and waving it at the girls who simply laughed and shook their heads.

As the guys continued laughing about their pee bottles, the women started going to the other side of the boat and looking a little bit more uncomfortable by the moment.

"How do you have a boat without bathrooms," Jill said as she crossed and uncrossed her legs. Now this was just getting intolerable, and as the sound of the ocean in every direction couldn't be drowned out she was finding it even harder to control herself.

"Hey everybody, I think I filled up the biggest bottle of all," George said as he held up a bottle of pee.

"This is so not funny," Jill said. "You know I think that we should start heading back to shore, not everybody can just pee in a bottle or piss over the side of the boat you know."

Arthur shook his head. "We've actually gotten pretty far from shore, so I think that maybe you are right, we probably should be heading back, but we aren't going to be back for probably a while now."

"How long is a while now?" Jill said as Stacy and Chrissy nodded.

Arthur shrugged his shoulders. "I mean we should be back in just another hour or two."

"An hour or two," all of the girl said simultaneously looking at each other before looking at the guys.

"Okay forget that, I am just going to pee over the side of the boat," Chrissy said.

"Seriously?" Jill said, sort of have smiling at the thought of Chrissy hanging her ass over the side of the boat pissing into the ocean.

"Yeah I have been on a boat before, I know how to piss over the side of the boat," Chrissy said as she started going to the edge of the boat. "Well turn around, I don't want you all to watch!"

The guys all turned around as Jill and Stacy looked at Chrissy.

"It's no big deal, you just have to balance things properly, here form a barrier around me, I don't trust the guys not to look," Chrissy said as she started unbuckling her jeans as Stacy and Jill stood in front of her.

Jill had to admit that her heart was racing, was Chrissy really going to pee into the ocean like that? She had to admit that she had never seen another woman hanging over the side of the boat with her ass hanging out peeing into the ocean before, and the thought of it was getting her excited.

Stacy and Jill stood there blocking Chrissy from the view of the guys, and although it took her a moment to get started, they soon heard the sound of a loud hissing pee going right into the ocean as Jill and Stacy sort of tapped their feet nervously and awkwardly in agitation.

They then heard the sound of Chrissy pulling up her pants and buckling her belt.

"Okay you guys can turn around now," Chrissy said as they all turned and looked at her with a big smile on her face. "That feels so much better!"

Jill and Stacy frowned as this was just too much.

"Screw it, I'm going to use the damn bucket," Stacy said barely able to stand still as she danced from place to place.

"Seriously you too," Jill said as she could see that Stacy was dead serious about it.

"Yeah you guys stand in front of me so that the boys don't look at me," Stacy said as all of the guys shrugged their shoulders, laughed and turned around as Chrissy and Jill stood in front of her with their backs turned to her.

"Everything okay," Chrissy said after a minute. "I don't hear anything."

"Look it's kind of hard for me to go like this, it's really embarrassing," Stacy said. "Just give me a minute okay."

"Well if you need any help relaxing just think about all that water swishing back and forth on the ocean, all those waves crashing," Chrissy said as she started making hissing noises.

"Oh my God please stop," Jill said as she crossed her legs together tightly and grabbed herself.

Chrissy laughed. "It looks like I'm having the effect on the wrong person."

"Oh my God," Stacy said right before they heard the sound of a loud hissing noise hitting the metallic bottom of the bucket which went on for a really long time. Then Stacy stopped for a minute before continuing again.

"Jesus are you almost done," Jill said, as now she was tightly crossing her legs.

"Just give me a minute," Stacy said as they heard the sound of her standing up and pulling up her pants. "Okay you guys can turn around now."

Jill and Chrissy turned around and they saw Stacy there holding up the bucket which looked especially full.

"Well guys if this is a pissing contest I think I have you beat hands down," Stacy said as she emptied the bucket into the ocean as the guys jumped back.

"Are you trying to splash us with that!" Gilbert said as Stacy laughed.

"It's payback for the pee bottle earlier," Stacy said as she and Chrissy laughed. "So Jill, what about you?"

As Jill stood there very clearly having trouble standing still, as everybody else glared at her, she simply shook her head.

"No way am I peeing in the bucket or over the side of the boat, just get us home and quickly!" Jill said as everybody laughed as she stood there with her legs tightly crossed.

"Guys I think we have a problem," Arthur said. "The boat is not starting."

"That is so not even funny," Jill said as she hopped up and down in place crossing her arms over her chest.

"No, I'm not joking, the boat is really not starting, come and look for yourself," Arthur said as they tried for the next several minutes to get the boat to restart.

"I guess we will have to call the Coast Guard to come and rescue us," George said as he got on his phone.

"The Coast Guard, how long is that going to take," Jill said as she pressed her knees tightly together.

"They said that they should hopefully be here within the hour," George said as he got off the phone with the Coast Guard.

"An hour!" Jill said as she felt her heart sinking.

"Well that's good, an hour's not that bad," Arthur said.

"Not that bad, this is a catastrophe!" Jill said as she began pacing back and forth.

"Well Jill there's always another option," Stacy said as she patted Jill on the back and held up the bucket.

"This is not funny you guys!" Jill shouted as she stomped her foot down before grabbing herself because that action did not help her full bladder.

"Actually it is pretty funny honestly," Chrissy said.

"Hey I stood in front of you so that the guys wouldn't watch you peeing!" Jill said.

"Well will do the same for you Jill," Stacy said once again holding up the bucket and knocking on it with her hands.

"Yeah just try not to think about it, try not to think about all of the ocean waves crashing around us, all of that water just splashing and trickling everywhere," Chrissy said laughing.

"Shut up shut up shut up!" Jill said covering her ears as she continued to dance around in place.

This was an unbearable nightmare, and to compound the problem the guys continued peeing over the side of the boat again and again, almost like they were really rubbing it in her face the fact that she was not doing likewise.

"You know I think I almost feel like I need the bucket again," Stacy said laughing.

"Well if you're going to use the bucket I'm going to watch," Jill said.

Chrissy smiled. "Really, you want to watch her peeing? You want to stand there watching as she lets her loud stream of urine make a loud hissing noise as it hits the bottom of the bucket?"

Chrissy and Stacy both began laughing as did the guys.

"Well I'm not going to stand in front of you either," Jill said crossing her arms and shaking her head, feeling like starting a one-woman mutiny, but a mutiny on a boat that is stranded at sea is probably an exercise in futility, as it's not like she could take that boat anywhere, and it wasn't going to get her back to the shore anytime sooner.

"Well I'll stand in front of you," Chrissy said. "And when you're done with the bucket I think I could use the bucket as well!"

"Jesus Christ you already went!" Jill said as she tried her best to ignore the sound of Chrissy and Stacy hissing loudly into the bucket before tossing their pee overboard.

"Jesus Christ are you some kind of a whale or something," Arthur said as Stacy and Chrissy laughed.

Jill continued pacing back and forth across the deck of the boat, ironically across the poop deck, but at the moment poop was not what she wanted, she just wanted to have a nice long refreshing pee.

Fortunately eventually people got tired of teasing her over the fact that she had to go to the bathroom, but she could see that everybody else was still lighthearted, and the guys never stopped peeing over the side of the boat or even being polite enough to try and disguise what they were doing, and continued doing it in a really obvious manner, and Jill practically wanted to push them overboard!

"What's that, is that the Coast Guard," Jill said as she saw another boat approaching as she started jumping up and down waving over to them. "Thank God, it took long enough!"

"You know so many people like to go out and party on boats and this seems to happen more often than ever," the woman from the Coast Guard said as she laughed. "I'm Rebecca and I guess we will take you back on our boat."

"Please for the love of God tell me you have a bathroom on that boat," Jill said now not even disguising the fact that she was grabbing herself and practically shaking.

Rebecca laughed. "I'm afraid not, but don't worry, we should be back within hopefully a half hour to an hour."

Jill began whimpering and balling her hands into fists as Rebecca very slowly helped her to get on to the other boat, but the pressure in her bladder was overwhelming and each step was agony.

"Let me guess, this is your first time on a boat and you didn't realize that there wasn't going to be a bathroom on board," Rebecca said as Jill gritted her teeth and nodded. "That's what more experienced boating women will eventually learn the hard way."

For the rest of the ride home Jill was glad at least she had some place to sit down. but she could barely sit still as she sat there with her legs tightly crossed. crossing and uncrossing them like a maniac until they finally reached the shore.

"Gangway I've gotta pee!" Jill said right before Rebecca jumped off the boat before her and went running to the single user bathroom and slamming the door. Jill began pounding loudly on the door. "Oh my God please hurry up, it's an emergency!"

Finally Rebecca came out of the bathroom smiling. "Sorry, but you're not the only woman who has been out at sea surrounded by water all day without a bathroom break!"

Jill practically snarled as she pushed Rebecca aside, slammed the door shut, and jerked her pants down right before falling onto the toilet and exploding as she could feel her ass practically vibrating on the seat from the intensity with which the urine left her body.

When she finally came out of the bathroom everybody was clapping.

"You know we didn't measure but judging by the length of time and the sound of it that was at least two buckets worth," Stacy said as everybody laughed.

"Next time we had better get a boat with bathrooms," Jill said as everybody continued laughing.

&&

*003*2023-06-30 19:56

@NormalPeople

Actually have that story on my list for quite a long time as I have chatted with numerous people about the difficulties of women peeing on a boat. It just when I saw that picture I was reminded of that. For the story though I decided it would be better to go with clear bottles rather than a Pringle can because then you could actually see the urine in the bottles.

But yes once again my character is based largely off of what I would do in that scenario, and the crazy character is actually based on someone I chat with who has no problem peeing wherever.

But yet also kind of religious likes my real life experience of being at an outdoors job well guys are peeing and I am which again is my most frustrating scenario and the fuel for so many of my stories past, present and future. Life imitates art or the other way around perhaps.

*005*2023-06-30 21:39

@alleycat89

"This is actually one of my favorite fantasies. I guess because it's very realistic."

Yes as crazy and as over-the-top as some of my characters act in some of my stories the situations themselves are extremely realistic. Once again it's amazing how many realistic situations exist where women end up being shortchanged when it comes to a bathroom, which ensures that I will never have a lack of material for generating stories. It really is once again amazing how just that one little difference makes life so much easier for half of the population and so much harder for the other half!

*007*2023-07-01 16:39

@Angusburger

You know I do find that interesting as I think that most men have that strong sense of entitlement. And I always thought that it was her outgrowth of misogyny that one of the greatest insults a guy could give another guy is to compare them to a woman. In fact sometimes the reason why I think a lot of guys get worried about feminism is that they worry that the women are going to treat them the way they have treated women! I think in this case today in this example of the guy basically seeing a line is being like they are treating us terrible, it's like we are women or something! And it's funny that the same people who say that probably don't get why women are annoyed sometimes!

*009*2023-07-01 17:02

@Angusburger

"You know the guy at the urinal o mentioned was comparing the short line to all guys became girls because why are we so slow that there’s a line….

The guy was like in his 30s and i really feel bad for the younger girls who were stuck in line and have accepted they need to wait in line to pee all their life while seeing an empty men’s room and here you have a guy whose complaining there were two people in front of him for the urinal."

I think that women are taught from a very young age, conditioned you may say, to be a lot more patient about these things. It really is interesting as I think that people who have always experienced such things as long lines and waiting just accept it as normal, but for a guy who expects to never have a wait even a small wait is rather infuriating even though it's basically nothing compared to what the women are used to waiting for on a regular basis.

*011*2023-07-01 17:20

@Angusburger

"Yeah all the girls lined up with no complaints. Some looked frustrated but no one was mad like the desperate guy…. Why do women. Just accept it and feel conditioned to it though?"

Once again societal conditioning runs pretty deeply in most people even in ways they probably don't even realize. I also think that most people are conditioned to believe that things are the way they are for a reason and don't question that. If you have come to always expect lines you just sort of naturally assume that that's the natural way things are, and I think that most people aren't very questioning. People tend to accept the ways thing are unless sometime causes them to question things. I always thought the lines were rather unfair and always wondered why that was the case but until I had the epiphany that there was actually a reason for it (men having more toilets and urinals, women taking longer having to go more etc.) I just sort of accepted as normal as well. And even now that I have realized that there is a reason for that doesn't necessarily mean that there is a clear solution.

There also might be some truth to the notion that testosterone makes men more aggressive but and more irritable. Where as a man is more likely to get angry or aggressive if he feels slighted in some way, like having to wait in line for the bathroom, I think men are more likely to be aggressive about doing something about that where as I think women are little bit more passively accepting of it. Again that's a very broad sweeping generalization, but I do think that there might be some truth to it.

I mean even me who does tend to question things and get annoyed by things I find that I accept it just the same, as I really do feel that there doesn't seem to be all that much in the way of solutions, as much as I hate to admit that!

*013*2023-07-02 18:34

@NormalPeople

"Misogyny is not a correct feeling, we all agree. But when we talk about peeing, it's the only time when, as a man, I enjoy my superiority, my ease. And I like to flaunt it. How I wish I was on that boat! I would ask a girl to hold my beer while I pissed next to her!"

No judgment, I totally get it. It must be really wonderful to be able to relieve yourself like that while making someone else even more desperate and torment them, but when you are the only one who is always on the receiving end of that and never on the giving end of that when people are flaunting it like that believe me it's very frustrating!

*015*2023-07-02 19:59

@alleycat89

I'm fascinated by that as well. I am pretty much abnormal and every way that a person can be abnormal and have no problem with being seen as weird but I definitely would not go to the bathroom outside because again I would probably pee all over myself and I am not going to expose myself. And while it really annoys me and aggravates me when I see guys peeing and I can't I am not going to say that they shouldn't go to the bathroom because if you can pee why wouldn't you?

But yes I have been in that situation many times before where I am basically standing there ready to explode and absolutely dying for a bathroom but continue holding it just because there's no other option really.

Again anatomy is at least partially destiny even though a lot of it is social conditioning. It is interesting that as a society as a whole that we are very okay with the notion of men just peeing everywhere and women holding it even to the point where it's agonizing and I do find that rather interesting. You could probably end up writing a sociology paper about something like this!

*017*2023-07-05 18:15

@NormalPeople

"It's like my friend that I run with. Very often, when we are in parks or in the woods, I stop to pee against a tree and she stays a few steps away from me. She looks at me, feels great envy because often she too has to pee desperately. Sometimes she says "oh my God how much I have to go!" But she never complains, sometimes she says "you're lucky" but she never forbids me to pee. Sometimes, when I don't stop, she asks me "shouldn't you pee today?" We are often in places where there is no one else but us. She might ask me to turn around, she might pull down her pants and pee, but she never does. He prefers to suffer and watch me relieve myself. And I really enjoy showing her my privilege"

I don't think it's necessarily that she has some masochistic desire to suffer, I think in a situation like that women just kind of expect men to pee because it's easy for them to do so. And it's not like you could really forbid someone from peeing, what would she do try to physically restrain you from going to the bathroom?!

*019*2023-07-05 19:14

@alleycat89

"This is actually something I like writing into some of my omo fiction, oddly specifically in one I was working on related to being on a small boat.

In it one of the females, in a rather entitled fashion, insists the two guys shouldn't be allowed to pee since the two girls have no way to pee.

Eventually the one guy apologizes but says he has to go or he's going to wet himself. He wips out his penis and starts to urinate. Quickly the gal runs over and squeezes his penis to stop the flow, preventing him from peeing.

In the end, she ends up wetting herself - which I feel was appropriate, and the other three seek relief over the side or on the deck."

Wow! That is rather entitled, it's like the female equivalent of grab them by the pussy, and also would technically be sexual assault to grab someone's genitals without permission like that. I couldn't imagine someone actually doing that in real life unless there was something crazy wrong with them, but it probably would make for an interesting story, and it sounds like she gets her just desserts in the end.

But I thought about incorporating something like that without necessarily the physical grabbing of the other person in other stories where women insist that the men not pee and the men just basically ignore them and there is nothing they can do about it.

*021*2023-07-06 19:16

@NormalPeople

"It's definitely more realistic.

You ask me not to pee because you can't?

I'm sorry for you, but I pull out my gear and piss right here!

Are you grabbing my penis because you want to block my flow? I think it can't work... it will happen that I'll piss on your shoes!"

Exactly it's another one of those highly gendered situations where I couldn't conceive of a woman actually stopping a guy or for bidding a guy from going to the bathroom. I mean if some woman tried to grab some guys penis to stop him from peeing when she can't most people would probably look at her and think that she was psychotic or something! I would think it would be way way more embarrassing to be seen trying to grab a guy's penis and getting peed on in the process than continuing to hold awkwardly or pee yourself.

