A Series of Pee Filled Events: The Sequel!

Author: DeggyOmo

*000*2020-09-05 04:40

This is the requested sequel, excited to write this!

Once again we are at an isolated park which in this world is widely known for the amount of pee fanatics it gets. My friend Rainy, who so happens to be one of those people, heads over there for a round of pee fun, wearing an adorable dog tail and cute dog ears.

Today I’m in a different mood than last time and am feeling in the mood to play some hockey instead of ultimate frisbee, with a few friends I know who love to play.

Pretty quickly I was able to pick up Rainy was there, and as you’d expect, at a park that’s known for pee, she’s desperate to find a spot to pee. Once again we have ourselves a very close match.

We are acting as though it is game 7 of the Stanley Cup Final. And the winner gets a plastic replica of the cup. The game is tied, 4-4. We head into overtime.

Meanwhile, Rainy has picked up that I am here. So she powers through the desperate feeling and she decides to come watch me, cheering me on while hiding she’s desperate to pee. And not long after she arrived, does the game come to an end, by me.

I get a saucer pass from one of my friends and all I have to do is a simple forehand backhand move and tuck it five hole past the goalie for the OT, series, and Stanley Cup clinching goal. Rainy is going crazy, ecstatic for me. I get my turn to raise the Cup, and skate over to her, smiling, and blow her a kiss.

After the celebrations, I get my bags and head by Rainy. She sprints when she sees me and gives me a huge hug, even if she has to go. “I’m so proud of you Tempest!” She said happily. Tempest was a special nickname she gave me. “How about as a little reward for your great game we stay here a bit and have some fun?”

I smiled widely, also picking up on the fact she may have been a little desperate. What could be better? A game winner and satisfying one of my fantasies? It’s pure gold. I say goodbye to my teammates, I grabbed my bags and Rainy and I just started walking around the park. She’s looking much more desperate now. If I had to guess, she was easily at an 7 to 8 in regards to how bad she needed to pee.

I walked around with her and suddenly I started to wince. My bladder was quickly filling to max capacity. I remembered that I had 5 waters throughout the game and 2 small Gatorades and realized that could rapidly fill my bladder. Now both of us are getting desperate, and I’m trying so hard not to wet myself around her. While I do that, she’s on the verge of completely breaking. “Hey, do you want to go somewhere and let all the out?” I ask her, even though I know it’s obvious that she is gonna lose it. “Yes, I’m about to burst!” She says. And then it happens. I look closely and I see drips coming down her legs and shorts. She’s clearly leaking and quite possibly about to wet herself.

At that point, I grab her hand and SPRINT to find somewhere perfect to finally let it go. That’s when out of the corner of my eye, I spot the perfect location.

As you expect in a park known for pee, every body of water has a pee themed name, so we looked for one of those, which is an ideal spot to let out her pee, right into that nice water. I tell her.

“Can you hold it for a little bit longer? I’m taking you to the nearest pee body of water!”

“I can’t hold it anymore, if it’s nearby, make it fast!” She says, as more pee drips down her leg. I grab her by one hand and run as fast as I can.

But, unfortunately, there’s no way she’s gonna make it in time. She stands still where she is, face beat red, and you clearly see a wet spot growing, and a rapid stream follows through her shorts and onto the grass. She’s fully peeing herself. I decided to do so as well even though I don’t usually do, and joined her. I wet my shorts, joining her stream on the grass.

She smiles cutely and looks at me, not feeling as embarrassed because we both did this together. “Aww look at that. We both peed ourselves.” I said, smiling. “W-we sure did.” She says shyly.

“Say, Tempest, why don’t we do something together now that we’re all wet. I playfully tackle her and start to kiss her, smiling while we do it. I then tell her to get on top of me, and she knows exactly what’s gonna happen. “Y-you’re sure about this? She says very shyly. “Oh you know it. Let’s have a pee good time shall we?”

I laugh at my corny joke and slowly slide Rainy down so her pussy is close to my rock hard dick. She lifts her pussy up and starts to ride my dick. I moan and smile as she bounces up and down over and over again. The amount of force shes using is not very strong at first but picks up dramatically, and I’m enjoying every second of this. I kiss her as she rides me and she moans with pleasure.

Finally, we both reach our climax point and before I can, Rainy starts leaking cum onto my dick, and even spurts a couple extra blasts of pee to boot. I smile and within a few moments I shoot a huge load of cum into her pussy.

Once it’s all over, we collapse smiling. Holding hands we look at each other. “That was amazing. Couldn’t have asked for a better time.” Rainy says. “Couldn’t agree more.” I said smiling. “I love you Rainy.” I say and kiss her. “I love you too Tempest. “She says kissing me.

We both stand up shortly after, gather our things, and leave the park. This day will definitely go down in the books as one of the most intense, thrilling and downright awesome experiences, and one I will not soon forget.

