An Adventure At School
 (A Hentai Pee/Sex Story)
Author: DeggyOmo

*000*2020-09-01 00:50

In this story, I am no longer a human being. I have been converted to an anime character known as Diego-San. The girl in this story is from a hentai manga series and she is named Sakuma. The story begins with Sakuma desperately having to pee after her last class. Based on the manga, the current popular trend amongst the girls at Sakuma’s school is that they all like to pee outside. And she decides that she wants to join in on this trend. Which that decision proves to be an intriguing and very fun decision.

She has been holding it in the entire day so a lot is going to come out. After school, she heads to the back of her school to look for an open spot near a small park to finally relieve herself, which she finds in the form of an open bench. Meanwhile, next to the park, I am at a baseball field in the middle of a pickup baseball game. I am playing right field, and slightly above me but behind me is Sakuma, as she’s lowering her panties getting ready to pee.

Back to the game, the batter up is a left hander with a lot of power, which means I know as soon as he gets the right pitch he is going to crush it. And he does, a fastball down the middle that sails to right, directly above me. I start sprinting back with my focus only on the baseball. As I’m doing that, Sakuma has finally relaxed enough that she starts to pee. And it comes out at a very high pressure. She looks down, and at first it seems a little weird, but she quickly gets comfortable and starts to enjoy it, breathing a huge sigh of relief as she enjoys the rush of pee that comes out. At the same time, the baseball Im chasing starts to come down... directly in front of where Sakuma is peeing.

All I see is the baseball, not Sakuma, and I start to attempt to dive to catch the ball. I make a miraculous catch, but not before sliding directly through Sakuma’s puddle of pee. Sakuma stops abruptly, still with a lot of pee left inside her, and just looks at me, stunned and beat red. I quickly get up however, not minding how wet I am, and fire a laser beam throw of the baseball back to first base for an inning ending double play. The runner on first didn’t expect me to recover in time to make the catch, and was already rounding third headed for home when I caught it.

After I got him out, I was ecstatic and screaming loudly. All the players pointed their gloves at me in appreciation of that crazy play. As I’m starting to jog back to the dugout, Sakuma stops me. “W-Wait! I-I didn’t expect you to stumble upon me when I was doing this. I’ve never had a guy watch me before. W-would you like to see?”

I look at her, stunned. And deep down something starts to tingle, because in that moment, I remembered how much of a pee fanatic I am, considering I’ve had a fetish for it for quite some time. I thought to myself, “Am I in heaven? This is the perfect scenario.” Sakuma knows who I am, because she’s seen me around school, but she has absolutely no idea about my pee fetish, since I’ve kept it very confidential. I decided to tell her that I have that, given the situation, and I just squat down and watch. I hear her breath another sigh of relief as she starts to pee again, just as strong as before. I’m immediately turned on by it and watch her continue to pee until she has nothing left. As she finishes, she noticed that I started to grow a massive boner. And with a creepy smile, she asks if she can touch it.

I look to my left and make a fast hand signal to the dugout before she does and tell them I need a sub, and I’ll be out of the game. When they ask why I tell them it’s a personal matter, when really I’m about to have sexual fun with a girl.

Then she proceeds to take my baseball pants off and reveal my full size boner, which is already a bit wet. She starts stroking it back and forth and that’s where I lose it. I start to cum violently and it splatters all over her face, shirt and skirt. She looks at me and smiles wide. She lies dow on the bench after I cummed all over, still wet from her pee, and whispers, “W-will you try touching me? Down there?” I hesitantly say yes. And the response from her body is almost immediate. I stick two fingers inside her open pussy, and she almost immediately starts cumming and squirting, directly in my face and all over my right hand. She then smiles, gets up and flips me onto the bench instead. She then looks into my eyes and says we should make each other feel even better, and asks me to stick my full sized dick into her. I do it without hesitation, and we start having sex.

She then begins bobbing up and down and rides me, and later on she pulls her shirt up and shows her small boobs. She asks me to kiss them, which I do, as she bobs up and down more and more. Then I turn over and stand up, after kissing them, and continue to fuck her young and fragile pussy hard. It’s very warm inside of her and she looks onward moaning. I start feeling a little dizzy from fucking her but I keep pushing through it. I’ve reached my peak for the second time in a row and finally start to cum. But then all of a sudden I have a strong urge to pee immediately after, and I asked her if I could pee inside of her pussy. She says yes, without hesitation, and I fill up her insides with my pee. As a result, she feels an urge to pee again, after I took my dick out of her, and she pees once again in the same spot where she did the first time.

Then after we both finish up, I grab my baseball cap and glove and start to walk off, and Sakuma whispers, “Diego, this stays a secret between us okay?” And I nod, and I also tell her I wouldn’t mind doing this again some day, and blow her a kiss. Finally, I run back to the dugout after only missing a half inning, not missing a beat in the game as I come back into right field and resume where I left off, even after one of the most exciting half innings of fun I’ve ever had.

*002*2020-09-03 17:11

{{12 hours ago, CMag19 said:

Somebody else who knows baseball. Nice to see that. Loved the story as well!

}}

Thank you so much! Baseball has always been one of my go tos, and its soooo much fun to combine sports and omo together hehe.

*004*2020-09-03 19:31

{{20 minutes ago, Ms. Tito said:

Another gem from Deg712!

}}

Omg, thank you so much the support means everything to me!

