College isn’t all bad. Not when Elena Thompson is there.

Author: diaperedskye

*000*2025-04-20 18:05

New story, i know! i’m experimenting with writing alongside using AI to help me describe specific scenarios and give me plot ideas and it’s going so well. This one is definitely going to be fun.

CHAPTER 1: Spiked drinks, oh. And a cute girl has a very messy accident.

The party was in full swing, the bass from the stereo thumped against the walls, sending vibrations through the floorboards. Above the noise, laughter and chatter filled the air, a heady mix of excitement and nerves. Lena, a college freshman with a sparkling smile, had been looking forward to this night all week. She'd spent hours choosing the perfect outfit and doing her makeup just so. Now, standing in the crowded living room, she felt a bit overwhelmed, but mostly she felt alive.

Her new friend, Alex, handed her a red plastic cup filled with a fizzy, blue liquid. "You've got to try this," he shouted over the din. "It's the best concoction I've ever made!"

Lena took a tentative sip. It was sweet, with a hint of something tart that made her taste buds tingle. The coolness of the drink was a welcome respite from the heat of the packed room. She took another, larger sip, savoring the taste. The party swirled around her, a blur of faces and colors, and she felt the beginnings of a buzz.

But then, something changed. Her stomach cramped up, the pain sudden and sharp. She looked down at her cup, the blue liquid sloshing ominously. Her eyes widened, and she knew. Someone had spiked the punch. Panic set in as she searched for Alex to ask for help, but the room spun, and she could barely make out the figures around her.

The bathroom was a distant memory, a blur of faces and shadows. Her legs felt like jelly, and she could feel the warmth spreading through her jeans. She tried to clench her muscles, to hold it in, but the effort was futile. The smell hit her first, a noxious odor that made her stomach churn even more. Then came the sound, the unmistakable splatter on the floor that sent a fresh wave of embarrassment crashing over her. People nearby gasped and stepped away.

The music seemed to fade into the background as the reality of the situation hit her full force. The fabric of her pants grew heavy and wet, clinging to her skin like a second, unwelcome layer. Her cheeks burned with a humiliation so intense it was almost tangible. Her heart pounded in her chest, and she couldn't breathe.

The first load was thick and heavy, dropping with a sickening plop. It was hot, almost scalding, and it was as if she could feel every single piece of it as it fell out of her. The smell grew stronger, a cloying mix of fear and excrement. The people around her had parted, creating an unwelcome spotlight on her mortification. She wanted to shrink into herself, to disappear. But she remained rooted to the spot, unable to move, unable to do anything but feel the warmth spreading down her legs.

The second load was wetter, slipping out of her with a sound that she felt echo through her entire body. Her jeans grew darker, the fabric straining to hold in the mess that was now a part of her. She could feel it seeping into her underwear, the cold fabric a stark contrast to the warmth that had taken over. The floor beneath her was sticky and she could feel it with each step she took.

Each movement sent another little trickle down her legs, a constant reminder of her loss of control. Her eyes filled with tears, blurring the scene around her even further. She stumbled, desperation fueling her attempt to find somewhere to clean up. The floor was slick now, and she almost fell, catching herself just in time.

The third load was a mix of everything, a torrent that seemed never-ending. It was as if her body had turned against her, betraying her in the most intimate way possible. She could feel it running down her thighs, leaving a wet trail on her legs. Her cheeks burned with the effort of holding back sobs as she tried to make her way through the party, the blue drink now a cruel joke.

Each step was a battle, her muscles straining to contain the flow while her body demanded release. She was aware of the stains spreading on the carpet, of the people staring and whispering. The music was a distant throb, the lights a blur of colors that did nothing to mask the horror of her situation. The pressure built again, and she felt another soft, wet blob plop into the mess. Her knees buckled, and she had to lean against the wall to keep from collapsing.

The fourth load was a surprise, a sudden gush that made her gasp. It was cold and slimy, and she could feel it sliding down her legs, pooling at her feet. The fabric of her jeans was stretched to the limit, the seams giving way with a soft tear. The sensation was indescribable, a mix of pain, discomfort, and utter humiliation. She was acutely aware of the warmth spreading down her legs, the sticky wetness that now covered her from the waist down.

Each step was a battle, a dance of trying to keep her balance while avoiding the mess she was making. The floor beneath her was a minefield of potential slips and falls, and she felt like she was moving through molasses, her legs heavy with the weight of her own waste. The smell grew stronger with each movement, a toxic cloud that followed her wherever she went. She could see the looks of revulsion on people's faces, the way they turned away, and she knew that she had become the centre of attention for all the wrong reasons.

And then, in the midst of this nightmare, a hand touched her arm. She flinched, expecting more ridicule, but instead, she heard a soft voice. "Are you okay?" It was a girl she didn't know, with concerned eyes and a gentle touch. The question was like a dam breaking, and suddenly, the tears that had been threatening to spill over her cheeks gushed forth. She couldn't even nod; she could only stand there, sobbing uncontrollably, her whole body shaking with the force of her embarrassment.

The girl looked at her, then down at the mess Lena had made, and her expression didn't change. She didn't look away in disgust or back away in horror. Instead, she wrapped an arm around her, guiding her away from the crowd and the judgmental stares. "It's okay," she whispered, "Let's get you some help." The simple act of kindness was like a warm blanket, wrapping her in a cocoon of comfort amidst the coldness of the situation.

They stumbled into a quieter hallway, the music now a muffled throb. Lena's legs felt like they might give out at any moment, the weight of her soiled pants pulling her down. Her sobs grew louder, the tears falling in hot rivers down her cheeks. "I don't know what's happening," she choked out between gasps for breath. "I think someone spiked my drink."

The girl nodded solemnly. "Let's get you to the bathroom," she said, leading the way with a firm grip on Lena's arm. The journey felt endless, each step a battle against the mortification that threatened to consume her. The walls spun, and the floor tilted beneath her feet, but the girl's calming presence was an anchor in the storm.

When they reached the bathroom, Lena was grateful for the respite from the party's harsh glare. The cool air washed over her, a stark contrast to the warm, sticky mess that clung to her skin. She stumbled into the nearest stall, the door slamming shut behind her with a finality that brought on a fresh wave of tears. She could hear the concerned murmurs of the girl outside, the sound of water running, and the rustle of paper towels.

But as soon as she saw the toilet, her body betrayed her once more. The pressure in her bowels grew unbearable, and with a gush, more waste spilled into her pants, soaking them beyond redemption. She sank to the floor, her legs giving out beneath her, and she sobbed into her hands, her whole body shaking with the effort of holding back the rest. The smell was overwhelming, a potent reminder of her predicament, and she felt the last shreds of dignity slipping away.

The door to the bathroom stall creaked open, and Lena looked up, expecting more laughter or revulsion. But the girl from the party, her savior, peered in, her face a mask of concern rather than disgust. "What's wrong?" she asked softly.

"It won't stop," Lena wailed, her voice muffled by her own palms. She was curled up on the cold tiles, her body convulsing as more of the noxious substance pushed its way out of her. The pressure was unbearable, and with each contraction, she felt another warm blob escape her, adding to the horror that was already there. The girl's eyes widened, but she didn't back away. Instead, she crouched down next to Lena, her hand resting gently on her shoulder.

"It's okay," she said, her voice soothing despite the situation. "Just let it happen. I'm here."

And with that, Lena lost all control. Her body convulsed, and she felt another warm, thick wave fill her pants. She couldn't help but cry out, the sound echoing in the small stall. The girl didn't flinch, just sat beside her, her hand never leaving Lena's shoulder. The smell grew stronger, but she didn't gag or look away. Her presence was the only thing keeping Lena grounded, the only thing keeping her from falling apart completely.

The spurts came slower now, her body seemingly drained of everything it had to give. Each one brought a fresh wave of pain and humiliation, but she couldn't hold it back. It was like a dam had broken, and the flood was relentless. Her cheeks burned with the effort of containing her sobs, the taste of salt in her mouth. She couldn't believe this was happening to her, that she'd gone from a night of excitement to this.

The sound of the toilet paper dispenser echoed in the silence, followed by the soft rustle of paper being pulled. Lena's sobs grew quieter, a feeble attempt to regain some semblance of dignity. But the effort was futile; her dignity had been left on the floor of the crowded party. She felt the warmth spread even further, seeping into her shoes and socks, a stark reminder of the extent of her predicament.

With a final, guttural push, she felt her body release the last of its torment. The explosion was wet and messy, the sound of it unmistakable even amidst the cacophony of the party outside the bathroom door. A series of wet farts escaped her, punctuating the silence like a macabre soundtrack to her humiliation. She bit her lip, trying to muffle the noises, but they slipped out, one after the other, a disgusting symphony of her distress.

The pressure was finally gone, and she slumped against the stall wall, panting with the effort. The girl remained by her side, hand still on her shoulder, a silent beacon of support in the face of Lena's utter degradation. "It's okay," she murmured again, her voice a gentle balm to Lena's bruised ego. "I've got you."

The bathroom was a cocoon of quiet, a stark contrast to the chaos of the party that seemed so far away now. Lena's breathing evened out, the sobs subsiding to hiccups. Her pants were a soggy mess, the fabric heavy with the weight of what she'd lost. The smell was a thick cloud around her, but she was too tired, too drained to care. Her eyes felt swollen and sore, the tears a salty sting on her skin.

Her savior, the girl with the kind eyes, helped her to her feet, her hand firm and steady. The floor was cold against her bare legs, her pants a soggy, useless mess around her ankles. She looked down at the puddle she'd created, a testament to her loss of control. The wet farts had stopped, but the mess remained, a constant reminder of her humiliation. The girl handed her a wad of toilet paper, and Lena took it, her hands shaking as she tried to clean herself up as best as she could.

The girl spoke, her voice a gentle melody in the quiet. "What's your full name?" she asked.

"It's Elena," Lena slurred, taking the wad of paper back with trembling hands. She was trying to clean up, but her movements were clumsy and uncoordinated. The paper was too thin, too inadequate for the task at hand, but she wiped at her legs, smearing the mess rather than removing it. A giggle bubbled up from her chest, a strange reaction to the horror that had unfolded. "But everyone calls me Lena."

The girl took the paper from her, her own hands surprisingly steady. "I'm Ava," she said, her voice a gentle melody in the stark silence of the bathroom. "I'm going to help you clean up, okay?"

Lena nodded, her head feeling like it was filled with cotton. The world tilted as she watched Ava work, her movements efficient and kind. "You're not going to tell anyone, are you?" she slurred, the words slipping out before she could stop them.

Ava looked up, a smile playing on her lips. "Oh, no," she said, her voice light with feigned innocence. "Everyone definitely saw you poop your pants. It's going to be all over campus by morning."

Lena's eyes went wide, the gravity of the situation briefly forgotten in the face of Ava's teasing. "What?" she squeaked, the beginnings of a giggle bubbling up through her tears.

"Oh, totally," Ava said, her smile widening. "It's going to be legendary. The night Lena pooped herself at the Kappa party."

Lena's giggle grew into a full-blown laugh, the absurdity of the situation finally breaking through her pain. The sound was raw and uncontrolled, a mix of hysterical amusement and the residual fear of what had just happened. "You're not serious," she managed to say between hiccups.

"As a heart attack," Ava said, her eyes sparkling with mischief as she worked. "But don't worry, I'll help you clean up. You can just tell everyone it was a really intense dance move."

Lena's laughter turned into a sob-laugh, the kind that hurt in the best way. She was still shaking, but it was less from fear and more from the absurdity of it all. "This is so embarrassing," she whispered, the words catching in her throat.

Ava wiped a tear from Lena's cheek with a gentle thumb. "Hey, it's okay," she said, her voice a soothing lullaby. "You're not the first person to have an accident at a party, and you definitely won't be the last. Besides, it's just a little pee and poo. It's not the end of the world."

Lena looked at her, the seriousness in her eyes almost childlike. "It's not just a little," she whispered, her voice shaking. "It's a lot. It's so much."

Ava's eyes softened, her smile fading to a look of understanding. "I know, hun," she said, using a pet name that somehow didn't feel patronizing. "It's okay. We're going to get you cleaned up."

Lena felt a surge of gratitude for this stranger, this girl who saw her at her absolute worst and still offered kindness. "Thank you," she murmured, her voice barely audible. "I don't know what I'd have done without you."

"You're welcome," Ava said, her tone warm and genuine. "Now, let's get you out of these nasty clothes and into the shower. You're going to feel so much better once you're clean."

Lena nodded, still in a daze, and allowed herself to be led by the hand to Ava's dorm room. The walk through the hallway was a blur of faces and sounds, but she felt strangely detached from it all. Ava's arm was a lifeline in the storm of embarrassment that had become her night.

When they reached the room, Ava helped her out of her soiled clothes, tossing them into a plastic bag she'd produced from somewhere. She helped her shower, even going as far as to hug the small, shaking girl as she cried, her tears mixing with the water, and the remants of her accident being washed down the drain. "You can borrow some of my stuff," she said, after she had gotten the girl out, her voice still calm and soothing. "And I've got some clean towels for you."

Lena nodded gratefully, feeling a weight lift off her shoulders as the last of her dignity slipped away with the pile of clothes. Ava wrapped her in a warm towel while she looked through her stuff for something for her to wear. They were quite different, Ava was tall, at 5'9, while Lena was quite short, standing at only 4'9. Ava handed her a soft, oversized t-shirt and a pair of sweatpants that hung way over her ankles, the ends caressing the soles of her feet, she waited to dry before she would get changed. "Thank you," she murmured, her voice thick with unshed tears.

"No problem," Ava said, her smile reassuring. "You're going to stay with me tonight, okay? I don't want you to be alone in this state."

Lena looked up at her, feeling a fresh wave of embarrassment wash over her. "But what if...what if I do it again?" she whispered, her cheeks flaming. It was a question she never thought she’d have to ask, but right now, she didnt feel safe in herself. Right now, she felt as if the slightest change in the wind could cause all the potty training she thought she had to be whisked down the drain, just like the remnants of her accident.

Ava's smile didn't waver. "You won't," she said firmly. "But if you do, it's just a little pee or poo. Or maybe, like you said, a lot. But to me… It's not the end of the world." She paused, her expression growing more serious. "But I totally get it if you don't want to stay. I can walk you back to your dorm if you'd feel more comfortable."

Lena looked at her, the gravity of the offer weighing on her. Stay with Ava, in her safe, warm room, surrounded by the smell of fresh laundry and the absence of judgment? Or go back to her own room, cold and lonely, with the stink of her own fear and failure lingering in the air? The decision was easy, despite the embarrassment. "Could I stay?" she asked, her voice small and hopeful.

Ava's eyes lit up, and she nodded without hesitation. "Of course," she said, her voice a warm hug. "You'd be doing me a favor, actually. I hate sleeping alone after a big party."

Lena felt a flicker of relief, but it was quickly doused by a fresh wave of anxiety. "But what if I mess the bed?" she whispered, her eyes wide with fear. She hadn’t had an accident in her sleep since..well, the last time she had drank. But she hadn’t messed the bed in such a long time. Then again. She hadn’t messed herself, full stop, in a long time too. Until tonight.

Ava laughed, the sound almost like a calm torrent of music to Lena's frayed nerves. "Then we'll clean it up," she said with a shrug. "It's just a little mess. Nothing we can't handle."

Lena felt a weight lift from her chest at Ava's words. It was as if the girl had read her mind, had seen the fear and the embarrassment that were coiled up inside her, and had decided to tackle them head-on. She nodded, her voice shaky. "Okay," she said, clutching the towel tighter around her. "I'll stay."

Ava beamed, leading her over to the bed. The mattress sank slightly as Ava sat down, patting the spot next to her. "Come on," she said, her voice coaxing. "Let's talk a little, and then we can get you into something more comfortable."

Lena's legs felt like jelly as she sat down, the towel still clutched around her. She looked at Ava, her eyes wide and filled with a mix of embarrassment and hope. Ava leaned back, propping herself up on her elbows, her eyes searching Lena's face. "So," she began, her tone conversational, "What's your major?"

Lena took a deep breath, trying to calm the storm of emotions that were swirling inside her. "Performing arts," she said, her voice barely above a whisper. "I love acting, singing, theatre...it's just...it's who I am."

Ava's eyes lit up. "That's amazing!" she exclaimed. "I've always admired people who can just get up on stage and be someone else. I'm more of a behind-the-scenes type myself."

Lena managed a small smile, feeling a bit of her old self seeping back into the cracks of her shattered confidence. "Yeah, I love it," she said, her voice a little stronger now. "It's like escaping into another world."

Ava's eyes were bright with curiosity as she sat up, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. "What's your favorite play?" she asked, her tone genuinely interested.

Lena's mind raced, trying to focus on anything but the sticky mess she had just left behind in the bathroom. "Um...I'd have to say 'Rent,'" she replied, her voice a little more steady now. "There's just something about the music, the story, it all feels so raw and real."

Ava's eyes lit up. "Oh, I love 'Rent'!" she exclaimed, her enthusiasm contagious. "Which character do you relate to the most?"

Lena thought for a moment, then shrugged. "Probably Mimi," she said, her voice a little louder now. "She's got this fire in her, you know? This strength, even though she's going through something so terrible. It's inspiring."

Ava nodded, her gaze lingering on Lena's bare shoulders, the soft curve of her neck. "You've got that fire too," she said softly, her eyes meeting Lena's. "I can see it."

Lena's cheeks flushed at the compliment, her eyes dropping to the bed. "Thanks," she murmured, the word barely leaving her lips.

Ava reached out and took Lena's hand, giving it a gentle squeeze. "You're welcome," she said, her voice a warm caress. "Now, tell me, what's it like being up on stage? I've always wanted to know."

Lena took a deep breath, her eyes focusing on Ava's hand, the warmth of it a stark contrast to the coldness that had gripped her heart. "It's like...flying," she said, a dreamy look coming over her face. "You're not just you anymore; you're this...this character. And everyone's watching you, but it's not about you anymore. It's about the story you're telling."

Ava's smile grew, and she gave Lena's hand a gentle squeeze. "You know, I always thought that's what it would be like," she said, her eyes searching Lena's. "To be so lost in something that nothing else matters."

Lena's cheeks grew even warmer at the compliment, and she couldn't help but feel a flutter in her stomach. "It's...it's amazing," she said, her voice a little stronger now. "When I'm up there, I'm not just Lena anymore. I'm...I'm someone else entirely."

Ava leaned in a little closer, her eyes searching Lena's. "You're pretty amazing," she said, her voice barely above a whisper. Lena felt a shiver run down her spine, and she didn't dare to move, didn't dare to break the moment.

"Thanks," she murmured, her eyes locked on Ava's. "But right now, I feel like anything but amazing."

Ava leaned in, her breath warm against Lena's cheek. "You're wrong," she said, her voice a gentle purr. "You're beautiful, even like this."

Lena's eyes widened, and she felt a blush creep up her neck. "What?" she whispered, her voice barely audible.

Ava leaned back, a playful smile playing on her lips. "Oh, come on," she said, her voice teasing. "You're so pretty. And you're being all shy and sweet about it, which just makes you cuter."

Lena felt the blush deepen, her eyes dropping to the bedspread. "I'm not pretty," she mumbled, the lie feeling thick on her tongue.

"Oh, don't be silly," Ava said, her voice light. "You're gorgeous. You've got this...this glow about you."

Lena's cheeks flushed even more at the compliment. "Thanks," she murmured, her eyes still on the bed.

Ava leaned in closer, her eyes sparkling with mischief. "You're not so bad, stop judging yourself," she said, her gaze traveling over Lena's bare legs. "I mean, you're practically naked in front of me right now, and you're still the prettiest girl I've seen all night."

Lena's eyes widened in surprise, her hand flying to her mouth to cover a gasp. "What are you saying?" she managed to squeak out, her heart racing.

Ava leaned back, her smile growing more playful. "I'm saying that you're beautiful, Lena," she said, her eyes never leaving the other girl's. "And that you shouldn't sell yourself short." She paused, a small smirk growing. "Even if you are.. quite short, like… Adorably short."

Lena's blush grew even darker, her heart racing. "Thanks," she murmured, not sure how to respond. "But what about you?" she asked, trying to change the subject. "What's your major?"

Ava leaned back, a playful glint in her eye. "I'm a psychology major," she said, her smile widening. "So, I'm basically a professional mind-reader."

Lena couldn't help but laugh, the sound a little shaky, but real. "Good to know," she said, her eyes still on the bed.

Ava's smile grew wider. "So, tell me," she said, leaning back against the headboard. "What's it like to be the belle of the ball?"

Lena couldn't help but laugh, the sound a little more genuine than before. "It's a lot of work," she said, her voice still a little shaky. "But it's also a lot of fun."

Ava leaned back against the headboard, her eyes never leaving Lena's. "You must be really good at it," she said, her voice a little softer now. "I can totally see you up there, just...shining."

Lena felt a warmth spread through her chest at the words, her cheeks still a deep shade of red. "Thanks," she murmured, her eyes dropping to her lap. "I just try to do my best."

Ava leaned in a little closer, her smile mischievous. "So, you're not just a pretty face," she said, her eyes twinkling. "You've got talent too."

Lena couldn't help but giggle, the alcohol making her feel lighter, despite the heavy weight of her situation. "I guess so," she said, her voice a little tipsy. "But tonight, I'm just...a mess."

Ava leaned in closer, her smile never faltering. "Oh, don't say that," she said, her eyes sparkling with something that made Lena's stomach do flips. "You're still the belle of the ball to me."

Lena took a shaky breath, her heart racing. "Thanks," she murmured, not sure how to respond to the sudden turn of the conversation. Ava was so pretty, with her dark hair and her green eyes that seemed to see right through her.

*001*2025-04-21 13:33

CHAPTER 2: Accidents happen, though it seems only to me.

Lena took a shaky breath, her heart racing. "Thanks," she murmured, not sure how to respond to the sudden turn of the conversation. Ava was so pretty, with her dark hair and her green eyes that seemed to see right through her.

Ava leaned back, her eyes twinkling. "So, Lena, tell me," she said, her voice a little too casual, "are you a wild child? Do you like to party hard?"

Lena giggled, feeling the warmth of the shower still clinging to her skin. "I don't know," she said, her voice still shaky. "Tonight's been...eventful."

Ava leaned in closer, her eyes dancing with amusement. "Oh, I bet," she said, her voice a purr. "So, tell me, what's your wildest party trick?"

Lena's eyes went wide, and she giggled nervously. "I...I don't know," she said, her cheeks flaming. "I'm not that wild."

Ava's smile grew. "Come on," she said, her voice a seductive whisper. "You've already had the party's biggest 'oops' moment. What could possibly be wilder than that?"

Lena looked at her, a mix of shock and amusement on her face. "I don't know," she slurred, trying to keep her voice steady. "I'm pretty sure that's the wildest thing that's ever happened to me."

Ava leaned in closer, her eyes sparkling with mischief. "Oh, I don't know about that," she said, her voice low and playful. "You haven't seen my party tricks yet."

Lena giggled, the alcohol making her feel a bit more relaxed. "You're not going to do anything crazy, are you?" she asked, her eyes wide with curiosity.

Ava leaned in closer, her eyes sparkling. "Who, me?" she said, her voice a playful purr. "I'm an angel. I'm just here to help you forget about your little...accident." She paused, a mischievous smile playing on her lips. "But, if you're feeling adventurous, I've got a little something that might take the edge off."

Lena looked at her, her eyes wide with curiosity. "What do you mean?" she slurred, her voice thick with alcohol.

Ava's smile grew, her eyes never leaving Lena's. "Well, I was just thinking," she began, her tone a playful drawl. "You're already pretty wild, what with the whole...unexpected bathroom break." She paused, her eyes sparkling with mischief. "But if you're looking to take it up a notch, I've got just the thing."

Lena looked at her, a mix of curiosity and confusion on her face. "What's that?" she slurred, the alcohol making her voice thick.

Ava leaned back, her smile mischievous. "Oh, just a little something to help you relax," she said, her eyes sparkling. "You know, after the...shall we say, 'exciting' night you've had."

Lena's eyes widened, and she couldn't help but feel a little thrill at Ava's words. "What do you have in mind?" she asked, her voice still shaky.

Ava reached into her nightstand and pulled out a small, metal pipe and a bag of what looked like weed. "Just a little something to take the edge off," she said, her smile wicked. "But only if you're up for it."

Lena's eyes widened, the room spinning slightly. She'd never tried anything like this before, but she was feeling reckless, like she had nothing left to lose. "Okay," she murmured, her voice barely above a whisper. "But only a little."

Ava's smile grew, and she leaned back against the headboard. "Don't worry," she said, her eyes on the pipe. "I've got you."

Lena watched as Ava packed the pipe, her eyes on the girl's nimble fingers. "Are you sure this is a good idea?" she asked, her voice still thick with alcohol.

Ava looked up at her, her eyes gleaming with mischief. "Oh, come on," she said, her voice a seductive whisper. "You've already had the most embarrassing thing happen to you tonight. What could possibly go wrong?"

Lena couldn't help but giggle, the situation seeming almost surreal. "You're crazy," she murmured, her eyes on the pipe.

Ava shrugged, her smile widening. "Maybe," she said, her voice low and playful. "But that's what makes me fun." She held the pipe out to Lena. "So, what do you say? Want to get a little wild?"

Lena took it, her hand trembling. "Okay," she whispered, the word barely escaping her lips. She took a small drag, the smoke filling her lungs and making her cough. Ava leaned in, her hand gentle on Lena's back as she offered her water.

"Easy," she murmured, her eyes shining with amusement. "Just take it slow."

Lena took another hit, the smoke curling around her like a warm embrace, filling her lungs and making her head spin. She handed the pipe back to Ava, who took it with a knowing smile. "So, Miss World Performer," Ava began, her eyes sparkling. "How many languages do you speak?"

Lena giggled, her eyes glazed over. "Three," she said, her words slurring slightly. "English, obviously, Spanish, and Tamil."

Ava raised an eyebrow, a smirk playing on her lips as she took a drag from the pipe. "Tamil?" she asked, her voice teasing. "That's pretty impressive. Most people I know can barely handle English. Talk about a party trick. Though i’m sure you could one up.. what you did today."

Lena giggled, the smoke making her feel even lighter. "Thanks," she murmured, her eyes glazed over. "But it's not like I can just...poop in Tamil."

Ava burst out laughing, her eyes sparkling. "Oh my god, that would be amazing," she said, her voice filled with mirth. "Can you imagine? Just letting it all out in another language?"

Lena couldn't help but laugh too, the tension in her body easing slightly. "Yeah," she said, her voice still a little shaky. "That would be something."

Ava took another drag from the pipe, her eyes never leaving Lena's. "So, tell me," she said, her voice low and a little bit smoky. "What's it like to be so...worldly?"

Lena giggled, the warmth from the shower and the weed combining to make her feel like she was floating. "It's just...different," she said, her eyes half-lidded. "It's like I have these different parts of me, you know?"

Ava nodded, her eyes still on Lena's face. "I totally get it," she said, her voice a warm purr. "You're like a...a chameleon. You can just blend into any situation."

Lena giggled, the weed making her feel a bit more relaxed. "I guess," she said, her voice still a little slurred. "But sometimes it's hard, you know? Sometimes I feel like I'm just pretending."

Ava leaned in closer, her eyes searching Lena's. "You're not pretending," she said, her voice soft. "You're just...adapting." She paused, taking another drag from the pipe. "But hey, if you want to keep playing it safe, I totally get it." She handed the pipe back to Lena, who took it tentatively.

Lena took another hit, her eyes watering a little. "I don't know," she murmured, the smoke making her feel dizzy. "Maybe I should just stick to what I know."

Ava leaned in closer, her eyes sparkling. "Oh, come on," she said, her voice a gentle coax. "You're already wild, just admit it."

Lena giggled, feeling the weed start to take hold of her senses. "Okay," she murmured, her cheeks flaming. "Maybe just a little."

Ava leaned back, a knowing smile playing on her lips. "Atta girl," she said, her eyes never leaving Lena's. "Now, tell me something wild about yourself. Something that no one else knows."

Lena took a deep breath, her heart racing. The alcohol and weed had loosened her tongue, and she felt like she could tell Ava anything. "Well," she began, her voice a little slurred, "I used to wear diapers during performances."

Ava's eyes widened, and she leaned in closer, her smile playful. "Diapers?" she repeated, her voice a mix of surprise and amusement. "What do you mean?"

Lena nodded, her cheeks still a deep shade of red. "Stage fright," she mumbled, her voice thick with alcohol and the haze of the weed. "I'd just... I'd just pee myself every time. It was so embarrassing."

Ava's smile grew, her eyes sparkling with a mix of amusement and something else. "Diapers, huh?" she said, her voice a low purr. "Well, that's definitely not something I would have guessed." She took another hit from the pipe, her eyes never leaving Lena's. "So, what was it like?" she asked, her voice curious. "Wearing diapers on stage?"

Lena felt a fresh wave of embarrassment wash over her, the weed making her feel even more exposed than she already was. "It was...it was just something I had to do," she murmured, her eyes on the bedspread. "It was better than...this."

Ava leaned in closer, her smile a little more gentle now. "Don't be embarrassed, Elena," she said, her voice soothing. "Everyone's got their quirks. And if diapers are what helped you shine up there, then who's to say they're not a part of your charm?"

Lena looked at her, the room spinning slightly. "Thanks," she murmured, her eyes on the pipe. "But it's not like I still need them."

Ava took the pipe, her expression growing a little more serious. "You know," she said, her eyes searching Lena's, "maybe you do." She took a long drag, the smoke swirling around them. "I mean, you just had a...mishap."

Lena's eyes widened, and she felt a fresh wave of embarrassment. "What are you saying?" she asked, her voice a little slurred.

Ava took a drag from the pipe and exhaled slowly, the smoke curling around her in a hypnotic dance. "I'm just saying," she began, her eyes never leaving Lena's, "that maybe there's something to those diapers. They kept you dry during performances, right?"

Lena felt a knot form in her stomach at the reminder of her past humiliation, but Ava's voice was gentle, almost...understanding. "Yeah," she murmured, her cheeks flaming. "But I'm not a baby anymore."

Ava took another drag, her eyes never leaving Lena's. "No, you're not," she said, her voice a little softer. "But maybe...maybe there's something to them. Something that could help you feel more...secure." She paused, watching the emotions play across Lena's face. "I mean, think about it," she continued, her eyes searching Lena's. "You're up there, in the spotlight, and you know that no matter what happens, you're protected."

Lena's eyes widened, and she felt a strange mix of emotions: embarrassment, vulnerability, but also a strange sense of comfort. "But...but I don't wear diapers anymore," she whispered, her voice barely above a breath.

Ava took the pipe from her mouth and leaned in closer, her eyes never leaving Lena's. "So what if you did?" she said, her voice a gentle whisper. "What's wrong with that?"

Lena's heart raced, her cheeks burning. "But...it's just..." she trailed off, not sure how to put it into words.

"Honest?" Ava suggested, her voice still low and gentle. "I think it's incredibly brave, Lena. You're admitting your fears, and you're doing something about it. That's more than most people can say."

Lena stared at her, the room spinning a little from the weed and the weight of Ava's words. "But...it's not exactly something you tell people at parties," she murmured, her eyes dropping to her lap.

"Why not?" Ava asked, her voice still gentle. "I think it's pretty cool. You're like...super prepared."

Lena couldn't help but chuckle at that, the tears that had been threatening to spill over now a distant memory. "I guess you could say that," she murmured, taking a deep breath.

"Come here," Ava said softly, reaching out to pull Lena closer. "You don't have to be embarrassed around me."

Lena's eyes flickered around with worry, panic, and yet.. she felt a strange warmth spread through her at Ava's gentle touch. The room felt a little less spinny, a little more...comfortable.

"Let me help," Ava whispered, her voice soothing, as she began to run her fingers through Lena's hair. The act was so tender, so maternal, that Lena couldn't help but lean into it. Her eyes fell shut, and she felt the tension in her shoulders melt away as Ava's fingers found the knots and carefully worked them out.

The sensation of Ava's fingers against her scalp was heavenly, and Lena felt her body begin to relax, the weight of the night's events slowly lifting away. It was as if Ava was peeling back the layers of embarrassment and fear that had wrapped themselves around her, leaving only the core of who she was: a girl who loved to perform, who was passionate and strong.

"Thanks," Lena murmured, her eyes still closed, feeling the warmth of Ava's body against her. "This... this is really nice."

Ava's smile grew, and she tightened her arms around Lena's shoulders. "I'm glad," she said, her voice a gentle purr. "You deserve it after the night you've had." She leaned in, her breath warm against Lena's ear. "Do you trust me?"

Lena's eyes fluttered open, meeting Ava's. They were so close, their faces almost touching. "Yes," she murmured, her voice barely a whisper.

Ava's smile grew, and she pulled Lena closer, wrapping her arms around her waist. "Good," she said, her voice a gentle purr. "Because I've got a little...surprise for you."

With surprising strength, Ava lifted Lena up and pulled her onto her lap, her legs cradling Lena's hips. Lena's eyes went wide with surprise, but she didn't protest, the alcohol and weed making her feel pliant. Ava leaned back against the headboard, her arms still around Lena's waist as she began to run her fingers through her hair, her touch surprisingly gentle. Lena let out a sigh of relief, the tension in her shoulders melting away as Ava's fingers worked through the knots, her eyes dropping shut again.

The feeling of Ava's hands on her was heavenly, and Lena felt a strange sense of comfort that she hadn't felt in a long time. It was like Ava knew exactly what she needed, and she didn't question it, just let herself be taken care of. She could feel the gentle rise and fall of Ava's chest beneath her, the steady beat of her heart a soothing rhythm that helped to calm her racing thoughts.

With her eyes closed, Lena focused on the sensation of Ava's fingers moving through her hair, gently loosening the knots and tangles that had formed from the stress of the night. Each stroke was like a whispered promise that everything was going to be okay, that she wasn't alone in this mess. She leaned into the touch, her body relaxing against Ava's warmth.

But as the minutes ticked by and the tension in her muscles began to unravel, she became aware of another sensation, one she had been trying to ignore. Her stomach gurgled, and she felt a faint pressure building down below. At first, it was just a little fart, so faint that she almost didn't notice it. But then another one followed, a little louder this time. Her cheeks flushed with embarrassment, she opened her eyes and looked around, hoping Ava hadn't heard.

But Ava's eyes were still closed, her smile serene as she continued her ministrations. Lena took a deep breath, trying to ignore the feeling, but it grew stronger, more insistent. She felt a sudden warmth spreading through her, and she realized with a start that she had just soiled herself again. Panic set in, her heart racing as she tensed up, but Ava's grip on her waist tightened reassuringly.

"It's okay," Ava murmured, her voice still gentle. "Just...let it go."

Lena's eyes shot open, and she stared at Ava in horror. "What?" she gasped, her voice a little too loud in the quiet room.

Ava's eyes opened, and she met Lena's gaze, her smile still in place. "It's okay," she said softly, her eyes understanding. "Just...let it happen. You're safe here."

Lena's cheeks burned with humiliation as she felt another, larger release. She couldn't believe this was happening again, but Ava's calming presence kept her from bolting. The smell filled the room, a stark contrast to the sweet scent of the candles, and she tensed up, her body trying to hold back the inevitable.

The pressure grew, and she felt the warmth spreading down her legs, soaking into the borrowed sweatpants. It was a strange sensation, one she had become all too familiar with over the past few hours. Her body felt like it was betraying her, but Ava's gentle touch was a reassurance that she wasn't alone in this.

With a gasp, Lena felt the first spasm, the muscles in her stomach tightening before releasing. Ava's eyes remained closed, but her hands moved to Lena's abdomen, her thumbs circling gently as she whispered, "It's okay, just let it happen."

The pressure grew, the pain with it, and Lena's body tensed, fighting the inevitable. But Ava's voice remained soft and steady, "Just relax, let it go. It's natural, and I'm here with you."

Lena felt the first, slow release, a hot, thick wave of embarrassment washing over her as her bowels emptied. It was a painful, burning sensation, as if her body were expelling something toxic, something she'd been carrying around for too long. Ava's eyes remained closed, her expression calm, her fingers now rubbing gentle circles on Lena's stomach. "Good," she murmured, her voice a comforting balm. "Just keep breathing."

The smell grew stronger, the pressure more intense, and Lena couldn't help but whimper. She felt like she was losing control, her body betraying her in the worst possible way. But Ava's hands remained firm, her voice a soothing presence that kept her grounded. "It's okay," she whispered, her breath warm against Lena's ear. "You're okay."

Lena took a deep breath and did as Ava said, pushing down. The sensation was like nothing she'd ever felt before, a mix of relief and pain that made her want to curl up into a ball. But Ava was there, her gentle hands on Lena's stomach, guiding her through it. "Just keep breathing," Ava murmured, her voice a calming mantra. "You're doing great."

With each push, Lena felt the pressure build and then release, the warmth spreading down her legs, soaking into the soft fabric of the sweatpants. It was a strange, almost out-of-body experience, as if she were watching someone else go through this. But the pain was real, and she gritted her teeth, trying not to cry out.

Ava's hands on her stomach grew more insistent, her voice a gentle coax. "It's okay," she whispered, her eyes still closed. "Just let it go. It's what your body needs."

Lena felt the tension in her abdomen build to a crescendo, the muscles in her stomach tightening and then releasing in a slow, agonizing wave. She couldn't believe she was doing this in front of someone she'd just met, someone who was supposed to be a stranger. But Ava's calmness was infectious, and she found herself taking deep breaths, focusing on the warmth of Ava's hands on her skin.

With each contraction, the pressure grew, a thick, heavy burden that she had to push out of her body. She felt the warmth spread down her legs, the fabric of the sweatpants growing damp and sticky. The smell grew stronger, a mix of fear and something else, something primal and raw. But Ava didn't flinch, her hands continuing their gentle, rhythmic motion, urging Lena to release what was trapped inside.

"Why?" Lena managed to ask through clenched teeth, her body fighting against the urge to let go.

Ava's eyes remained closed, her face a picture of calm. "Because you're not a burden," she murmured. "You're just...human." Her thumbs pressed into the taut skin of Lena's stomach, the pressure gentle yet insistent. "You don't have to hide it from me."

Lena's breath hitched as another wave of pain washed over her, her body's protest against the unwanted release. But Ava's words, coupled with the rhythmic pressure, began to soothe her. She felt a strange sense of...acceptance, as if the act of letting go of this humiliating secret was somehow freeing. "I don't understand," she whispered, her voice tight with the effort of holding back.

Ava's eyes remained closed, but she leaned in, her breath warm against Lena's neck. "Because it's who you are," she murmured, her voice low and steady. "And I like who you are."

Lena felt another spasm, the pain almost unbearable, but Ava's hands were there, guiding her through it. "Just push, Lena," she said, her voice a gentle coax. "Let it all out."

Lena's body obeyed, the muscles in her abdomen tightening and then releasing in a slow, painful wave. Ava's thumbs pressed into her stomach, setting a rhythm that matched the spasms, urging her to keep going. The warmth grew between her legs, the fabric sticking to her skin, but she couldn't focus on the humiliation. All she could do was listen to Ava's voice, feel her touch, and push through the pain.

"Why?" she choked out, her eyes squeezed shut, her cheeks burning with embarrassment. "Why are you okay with this?"

Ava's eyes snapped open, a look of understanding crossing her features. She leaned in closer, her breath a gentle caress against Lena's ear. "Because you're a good girl," she murmured, her voice a low, soothing hum. "And good girls go in their pants when it all gets too much."

Lena's eyes widened, the pain and embarrassment momentarily forgotten as she took in Ava's words. The gentle pressure on her stomach grew firmer, Ava's hands moving in a slow, steady rhythm that seemed to sync with the spasms that wracked her body. "Just push, Lena," she urged, her voice a soft whisper. "Let it all out. It's okay."

The pressure was unbearable, a thick, heavy burden that she couldn't hold in any longer. With a strangled gasp, she felt the muscles in her stomach tighten and then release, sending another hot, painful wave down her legs. The fabric of the sweatpants grew wetter, sticking to her skin, and she felt the warmth spreading, pooling beneath her. Ava's hands never stopped moving, her thumbs pressing into the taut skin of Lena's abdomen, guiding her through the mortifying ordeal.

"It's okay," Ava murmured, her voice a gentle coo, her eyes never leaving Lena's face. "You're okay. Just keep pushing, you can do it."

Lena's body tensed and then relaxed in a series of agonizing spasms, each one pushing more of the foul mess out of her. She could feel it spreading down her legs, the warmth and wetness seeping into the fabric of the sweatpants. Her face was a mask of pain and embarrassment, but Ava's expression remained calm and reassuring. The room was thick with the smell, but Ava didn't seem to care. She just kept rubbing Lena's stomach, her fingers pressing in time with the spasms.

"It's okay, Lena," Ava whispered, her voice a gentle lullaby. "You're okay. Just let it go. I'm here."

Lena felt the warmth spread down her legs, the fabric of the sweatpants now completely soaked. She bit her lip, trying to hold back the tears that threatened to spill over. Ava's hands were firm and steady, her thumbs pressing into Lena's stomach in a way that was both painful and comforting. The spasms grew stronger, her body convulsing with each push. But Ava's eyes never left hers, her expression one of calm acceptance.

"Why?" Lena managed to ask again, her voice a hoarse whisper. "Why are you...okay with this?"

Ava's smile grew, and she leaned closer, her breath warm against Lena's ear. "Because you're adorable when you're in need," she murmured, her voice a gentle tease. "And because everyone needs a little help sometimes."

Her thumbs pressed into Lena's abdomen again, setting a steady rhythm that matched the spasms. "Just push," she coaxed. "It's okay, let it all out. I'm here to take care of you."

Lena felt her cheeks burn with a mix of embarrassment and relief. She didn't understand why Ava was acting this way, why she wasn't repulsed by the mess she was making, but she couldn't argue with the way it made her feel. The gentle pressure of Ava's fingers on her stomach was a lifeline, a reminder that she wasn't alone in this. She took a deep breath and pushed again, the pain giving way to a strange sense of release as more of the mess spilled out of her.

The fabric of the sweatpants clung to her skin, the wetness seeping into her thighs, but Ava's touch remained firm and reassuring. "Good girl," she murmured, her voice a gentle encouragement. "Just let it all out." Lena's eyes squeezed shut, and she leaned into the touch, the pain slowly subsiding as she emptied herself. It was as if she was purging more than just her bowels; she was releasing the fear and tension that had been building inside her all night.

With each push, she could feel the knots in her stomach loosening, the tightness in her chest easing. Ava's fingers moved in a soothing pattern, pressing into her abdomen in time with the spasms, and she couldn't help but feel a strange sense of...gratitude. Here was someone who not only accepted her in this vulnerable state but seemed to find it endearing, even arousing.

Lena's cheeks burned with a mix of embarrassment and confusion as she felt the final wave of her bowels empty. Ava's hands didn't stop moving, though, continuing to rub her stomach in gentle circles even as the last of it was expelled. The fabric clung to her skin, heavy with the weight of her secret, but she didn't feel the need to hide anymore. She was safe here, in this stranger's arms, who had seen her at her worst and still offered her comfort.

"It's okay," Ava whispered, her voice a gentle breeze in the quiet room. "You're all done now." She helped Lena to stand, her legs feeling wobbly and weak beneath her. The sweatpants hung limp around her, a soggy reminder of her loss of control. But Ava didn't seem to care. She took Lena's hand and led her to the bathroom, the light from the hallway spilling into the dim room.

The bathroom was a stark contrast to the warmth of the dorm. The fluorescent lights flickered, casting harsh shadows on the tiles. But Ava's grip was firm, her eyes never leaving Lena's as she helped her sit on the toilet. Lena could feel the mess seeping through the fabric and onto the cold seat, but she didn't have the strength to protest. Ava reached for a pack of wet wipes on the shelf and began to clean her up, her movements slow and deliberate.

Lena's cheeks burned as Ava peeled the soiled sweatpants from her legs, revealing the stained panties and the mess that had soiled them. She couldn't believe this was happening, that she was here, barely dressed, with a stranger caring for her. But the weed had her feeling detached, like she was watching it all unfold from a distance. Her thoughts swam in a haze of disbelief and a strange, buzzing numbness.

Ava knelt before her, her eyes never leaving Lena's, her touch surprisingly tender. "You okay?" she asked, her voice a gentle purr.

Lena nodded, the world still spinning slightly from the weed and the intensity of the experience. She felt...exposed, vulnerable. But also, inexplicably, a sense of relief. She looked down at herself, at the soiled panties and the mess that clung to her thighs. "I think so," she murmured, her voice a little shaky. "I...I just can't believe this is happening."

Ava's smile grew, and she leaned in closer, her breath a warm caress against Lena's skin. "Why not?" she whispered, her eyes dancing with mischief. "You're perfect, just as you are."

Lena's cheeks grew even redder, the heat rising to her ears. "It's not exactly what I was expecting," she said, her voice trembling slightly.

Ava chuckled, her eyes sparkling with humor. "Life rarely is," she said, her voice gentle. "But hey, at least you're not alone." She gently wiped Lena's thighs with the wet wipes, her movements surprisingly tender.

Lena stared at her, the room spinning a little more with each pass of the wet wipes. She felt a bubble of hysterical laughter rising in her chest, the absurdity of the situation suddenly hitting her. "You're not...disgusted?" she asked, her voice trembling with a mix of shock and relief.

Ava's smile grew, and she shook her head, her eyes twinkling. "Why would I be?" she asked, her voice a gentle coo. "You're just...being normal. Not holding anything back." She tossed the soiled wipes into the trash and reached for a fresh one. "Besides," she added with a wink, "I've seen worse."

Lena's eyes widened, and she couldn't help the giggle that bubbled up from her chest. "What could be worse than this?" she asked, the absurdity of the situation hitting her like a wave.

Ava's smile grew, and she shrugged. "Oh, you'd be surprised," she said, her voice playful. "But let's just focus on you right now." She gently lifted Lena's hips and slid the wet, soiled panties down her legs, tossing them into the trash with the wipes.

Lena couldn't decide if she should be mortified or grateful. She was sitting on the toilet, nearly naked, with a stranger who had just watched her lose control of her bladder and bowels. But there was something oddly comforting about Ava's presence, something that made her feel less alone in her humiliation.

Her panties were a mess, a soggy, stinking reminder of her lack of control. She stared down at them, feeling the stickiness of her own waste against her skin, and she realized she wasn't just high from the weed anymore. There was something else, a strange thrill that coursed through her veins, making her heart race.

Ava's eyes met hers in the mirror, a knowing smile playing on her lips. "Feeling better?" she asked, her voice teasing.

Lena's cheeks flushed even deeper, the embarrassment warring with the strange thrill that pulsed through her. "I don't know," she murmured, her voice shaky. She couldn't decide if she wanted to laugh or cry. The absurdity of the situation was almost too much to handle.

Ava's smile grew, and she leaned in closer, her eyes sparkling with mischief. "Well," she said, her voice a soft purr, "you've done it twice now. Maybe those diapers weren't such a bad idea after all."

Lena's eyes went wide, her mouth dropping open in shock. She couldn't believe Ava was teasing her about this, especially after everything she'd just gone through. But the words didn't sting as much as she thought they would. Instead, they brought a strange warmth to her cheeks, a feeling that was a mix of embarrassment and something else entirely.

"I...I don't know," she stuttered, her voice thick with the unshed tears that threatened to spill over. The room spun a little faster, the edges of her vision blurring as she tried to process Ava's words. "Maybe?"

*002*2025-04-27 01:26

CHAPTER 3: A Confession and Troubled Thoughts

Ava chuckled, the sound low and warm, like honey dripping from a spoon. She took the last of the wet wipes and began to clean the mess from Lena's upper thighs, inching closer to her bottom, her touch surprisingly gentle. "You know," she said, her voice light, "you're pretty adorable when you're all...uninhibited like this. Diapers would look good on you."

Lena felt her cheeks burn even hotter, the giggle stuck in her throat. "I'm not a kid anymore," she protested weakly, her voice a mix of embarrassment and something else. "I only wet myself on stage sometimes."

Ava's eyes sparkled with amusement, and she couldn't help the gentle giggle that escaped her lips. "Well, then," she said, her voice still a teasing purr, "you might just be the cutest little mess I've ever met."

Lena felt the heat in her cheeks intensify, the giggle she'd been holding back bubbling to the surface. "That's not really a compliment," she said, trying to keep her voice steady. But she couldn't maintain the façade of indignation; the absurdity of the situation was just too much.

"Oh, I don't know," Ava said, her tone light and playful. "I think it's pretty charming." She finished cleaning Lena's thighs and patted them gently. "Now, let's get your bottom all clean and sparkly. And then, we can keep smoking and just rest."

Lena felt her cheeks burn even more, but she couldn't argue. The weed had her feeling loose, lightheaded, and oddly open. She nodded and stood up, wobbling slightly, the stickiness between her legs a stark reminder of her lack of control. Ava's hands on her waist steadied her, guiding her closer to the sink.

"Look at you," Ava said, her voice filled with gentle teasing. "So obedient."

Lena's giggle grew into a full-blown laugh, the high making everything seem funnier than it probably should have been. "I'm not a dog," she protested, even as she allowed Ava to help her step closer to the sink.

Ava just chuckled, her eyes sparkling with mischief. "No, but you are adorable, like a puppy, when you're all...unraveled," she said, her voice low and warm. She turned on the faucet and wet a washcloth, the sound of the water echoing in the tiled room. "Now, let's get you all cleaned up."

Lena's legs felt like jelly as she stepped closer to the sink, leaning against the cool porcelain. The high was really kicking in now, making her thoughts swirl like leaves in a storm. She felt like she was floating, her inhibitions slipping away like water through her fingers. She giggled at Ava's words, her cheeks burning as Ava reached around and began to clean her bottom with the damp cloth.

"I can't believe this is happening," she said, her voice a mix of laughter and bewilderment. "I'm just...going to pieces here."

Ava's smile grew as she continued to clean Lena's bottom with the washcloth, her movements deft and surprisingly comforting. "Well," she said, her voice a warm, cooling purr, "I'm here to put you back together."

Lena giggled, her eyes glazed with the weed's effects. "You're not a doctor," she said, her words slurred slightly. "But you're pretty good at this." She paused a moment, her heart skipping a beat before she spoke. "And pretty good at everything else, too. Especially being pretty."

Ava chuckled, her eyes gleaming with mirth as she rinsed the washcloth. "Thanks, but I think you're the pretty one here," she said, her voice a gentle tease. "Especially with that blush."

The room spun a little more, and Lena's thoughts grew even more scattered. "You're just saying that," she murmured, her voice thick with the weed. She swayed on her feet, the high making her feel like she was floating. "But I'm all...for some lies, tonight."

Ava's eyes danced with amusement, and she leaned closer, her breath warm against Lena's cheek. "You don't have to lie to me," she murmured. "I like you just the way you are."

The room felt like it was spinning a little faster, and Lena's heart was racing. She didn't know why she'd said that, but she knew it was true. She felt so free, so uninhibited, like she could tell Ava anything. And for some reason, she wanted to. "You don't think I'm gross?" she asked, her voice a little shaky.

Ava's smile was soft, her eyes kind as she shook her head. "Not at all," she said, her voice a gentle caress. "You're just...human. And there's something incredibly beautiful about that."

Lena felt the world tilt a little more as she leaned into Ava's touch, the warmth of the weed making everything feel a little softer, a little more...right. The words slipped out before she could stop them, the high making her bold. "I'm so high," she whispered, her eyes fluttering closed as Ava's hand continued to wipe away the last of the mess. "It's like I can feel everything."

Ava's chuckle was low and warm, the vibrations sending a delicious shiver down Lena's spine. "That's the point," she murmured, her breath tickling Lena's skin. "To let go of all the noise, all the fear."

The words swirled around in Lena's head, mixing with the fog of the weed and the lingering buzz of the alcohol. It felt like everything was coming together in a weird, messy symphony that somehow made perfect sense. "You're right," she said, her voice a whisper. "It's...freeing."

Her eyes searched Ava's, and she felt a sudden urge to bridge the gap between them. Before she knew what she was doing, she leaned in and kissed her. It was a soft, tentative kiss, filled with all the confusion and vulnerability of the moment. But it was real, and it was all Lena had ever wanted to do in that moment.

Ava's eyes went wide with surprise, and she stumbled back a little, almost dropping the washcloth in the process. "What the fuck, Lena?" she exclaimed, a mix of shock and something else in her voice. But Lena's high had her in a trance, her body moving on instinct, driven by a need to be closer to the girl who had just seen her at her most vulnerable.

Lena's giggle was high and breathless, the weed making everything feel like it was happening in slow motion. She stepped closer, her eyes never leaving Ava's. "Sorry," she murmured, her voice thick with the high. "It's just...you make me feel so...safe."

The shock in Ava's eyes was palpable, but it quickly morphed into something softer, something that made Lena's heart race even more. "You don't have to be sorry," Ava said, her voice gentle. She took the washcloth and began to clean Lena up again, her movements more deliberate now, her eyes never leaving hers. "But maybe we should sit down."

Lena nodded, her legs feeling like they might give out beneath her. She stumbled to the bed, her eyes never leaving Ava's. "I'm just...so high," she murmured, her voice thick with the effects of the weed. "It's like everything is just...happening."

Ava watched her with a mix of amusement and concern, the washcloth still in her hand. "Lena, maybe you should sit down," she said, her voice a gentle command. But Lena's mind was racing, her thoughts a jumble of emotions and sensations that she couldn't quite sort out.

"But I want to kiss you," she murmured, her voice thick with the weed and the haze of desire. She stepped closer, her eyes locked on Ava's full lips. "I've never felt like this before."

Ava's eyes searched hers, a mix of surprise, concern, and something that looked suspiciously like want. But she took a step back, her hands coming up in a halting gesture. "Lena," she said firmly, "you're high. You're not thinking straight."

Lena's giggle grew louder, the high making her feel invincible. "I know," she said, her eyes sparkling. "But I've never felt so...clear." She took a wobbly step forward, her hand reaching up to cup Ava's cheek. "I like you," she whispered, her voice thick with the effects of the weed. "I like you a lot."

The words hung in the air like a confession, and for a moment, it seemed like Ava's resolve wavered. But she took a deep breath and stepped back, setting the washcloth down. "Lena, no," she said, her voice firm. "You're not in your right mind."

But Lena felt like she was in the right mind for the first time in forever. The high had peeled away all her layers, leaving only raw, unfiltered emotion. She stumbled toward Ava, her arms outstretched, her heart racing. "But I do," she insisted, her voice a breathy whisper. "I like you, Ava. So much."

Ava's eyes searched hers, a storm of emotions playing out across her features. "Lena, please," she said, her voice cracking. "You're not thinking straight."

But Lena was beyond logic, lost in a haze of desire and the feeling of weightlessness the weed had brought her. "But I do," she said, her voice insistent, her hand reaching out to trace the line of Ava's jaw. "I've never felt so...right."

The room was spinning, the walls pulsing with the bass from the party downstairs. Ava's eyes searched hers, and for a moment, Lena thought she saw something flicker in their depths. But before she could lean in again, Ava's hand shot up, her grip firm on Lena's wrist. "Stop," she said, her voice sharp. "You don't know what you're doing."

Lena's giggles turned to a pout, the harshness of Ava's tone cutting through the fog of the weed. "But I do," she insisted, her eyes wide and pleading. "I've never felt this way before."

Ava's expression softened, the realization dawning on her that Lena was serious, even in her inebriated state. She took a deep breath, trying to find the right words. "Lena, I know you're feeling a lot right now," she said, her voice gentle but firm. "But you're high, and you've had a really traumatic experience. Your judgment is compromised."

Lena's pout grew, and she felt the tears stinging the back of her eyes. "But I do," she insisted, her voice thick with emotion. "I like you, Ava. I've liked you since we met."

Ava's grip on Lena's wrist tightened, her eyes wide with shock. "Lena, you're not making any sense," she said, her voice strained. "You're not thinking straight. This isn't the time for this."

Lena's giggle turned into a whine, the weed making her emotions swing wildly. "But I do," she insisted, her voice thick with tears. "I like you, Ava. So much."

Ava's heart felt like it was in a vice, torn between her own feelings and her need to protect Lena. "Baby, come on," she said, her voice cracking with the effort to stay firm. "You're high. You don't know what you're saying."

Lena's eyes filled with tears that spilled over her cheeks, tracing paths down to her chin. "But I do," she murmured, her voice thick with the high. "I've liked you since we started talking about 'Rent'." She bit her lip, hearing her voice waver under the strain of her emotions. "Since you helped me out of those horrible jeans that were covered in my own mess."

The room was spinning, the lights seeming to pulse with the bass from the party downstairs, and the smell of the pot lingered, thick and cloying. Ava's eyes searched Lena's, and she could see the raw pain in them. "Lena, baby," she said, her voice breaking. "You're not in your right mind." She stated again, she didn’t want Lena to make a mistake. Or worse, decide in the morning that she was wrong. And break Ava’s heart all over again.

Lena's laughter grew, the tears streaming down her face making her cheeks glisten. "But I do," she said, her voice thick with the high. "I do like you. I just...I didn't know how to say it."

Ava's eyes searched hers, her grip on Lena's wrist loosening slightly. "Lena," she said, her voice tight with emotion, "you're not thinking straight." She repeated for what seemed like the millionth time in that one moment. But there was something in the way Lena looked at her, something so earnest and vulnerable, that made Ava's resolve waver.

The room felt like it was spinning around them, the air thick with the scent of weed and the unspoken words that hovered between them. Lena's giggles turned into hiccups, and she leaned in closer, her eyes never leaving Ava's. "I know," she murmured, her voice a whisper. "But I've never felt so...so...real."

Ava's heart was racing, her own mind a whirlwind of conflicting emotions. She knew that Lena was high, that the words spilling from her lips weren't entirely her own. But there was something in the way she looked at her, something that felt so genuine, so raw, that it was impossible to dismiss. "Lena," she said, her voice shaking, "please sit down."

Lena's hiccups turned into hiccups and soft whimpers as she complied, her legs giving out beneath her. She sat on the edge of the bed, her head spinning, her thoughts a jumble of desire and confusion. "But I do like you," she insisted, her voice thick with the high. "I don't know why, but I just do."

Ava's chest felt tight, her heart racing as she stared at the girl in front of her, so vulnerable and open. She took a deep breath, trying to push down the desire that was bubbling up inside her. "Lena, you're not making sense," she said, her voice gentle. "We've only just met, and you're high. You don't know what you're feeling."

But Lena's eyes were shining with a truth that couldn't be denied, even in her intoxicated state. "But I do," she insisted, her voice thick with the weed and the emotions that were threatening to overwhelm her. "I've liked you since you held me and whispered sweet things into my ear."

The words hung in the air, heavy with meaning, and Ava felt her chest tighten. She knew that Lena's judgment was compromised, but she couldn't help the swell of warmth that bloomed in her chest. "Lena," she said, her voice barely above a whisper, "you're not thinking straight. We can talk about this when you're sober."

But Lena's sobs grew louder, her whole body trembling with the force of her emotions. "I'm sorry," she choked out, the words coming between hiccups and gasps for air. "I'm so sorry."

Ava's heart ached as she watched the girl she'd grown to care for so much fall apart before her eyes. The weed had brought everything to the surface, stripping away all the layers she'd built up to protect herself. "Lena," she said, her voice thick with emotion, "you don't have anything to be sorry for."

Lena's sobs grew too loud to ignore, her shoulders heaving as she tried to speak through the tears. "But I do," she choked out, the words coming between hiccups. "I'm so stupid." She looked up at Ava, her eyes shimmering with unshed tears. "I've never felt like this before."

Ava's own resolve was crumbling, the walls she'd built around her heart starting to crack. She sat down beside Lena on the bed, her hand hovering over her shoulder, unsure of what to do. "You're not stupid," she said, her voice thick with emotion. "You're just...overwhelmed."

Lena's sobs were cutting Ava’s heart apart, the poor girl seemed so out of it, her body shaking with the force of her emotions. "But I've never felt like this," she choked out, the tears streaming down her face. "I don't know what's happening to me."

Ava's hand hovered over Lena's shoulder for a moment longer before she made a decision. She couldn't just sit there and watch Lena fall apart like this. With a gentle touch, she pulled the trembling girl into a warm embrace, holding her close and rubbing circles on her back. "It's okay," she murmured, her voice soothing. "You're okay. It's just the weed."

Lena's body went rigid for a second before she melted into Ava's embrace, her sobs growing louder. "But I've never felt like this," she wailed, her voice thick with tears and the high. "I don't know why I'm feeling like this."

Ava held her tight, her heart breaking at the sound of Lena's pain. She knew that the high was amplifying Lena's emotions, making everything seem more intense, more real. "It's okay," she murmured, her voice a gentle whisper in the chaos of Lena's thoughts. "It's just the weed, baby." She repeated, willing herself the strength to not cry alongside her.

But Lena's sobs grew louder, her body shaking with the force of her emotions. "No," she choked out, her voice thick with tears. "It's more than that." She pulled back, looking up at Ava with glassy eyes. "It's because...because I like you. Because I think I might love you."

The words hung in the air, heavy and potent. Ava's heart skipped a beat, and she felt a warmth spread through her chest that had nothing to do with the weed. She searched Lena's eyes, looking for any sign that she was still joking, that this was all just a side effect of the high. But all she saw was raw, unfiltered truth.

Her resolve crumbling, Ava pulled Lena closer, her arms wrapping around the trembling girl in a fierce embrace. "I can't take it anymore," she whispered, her voice thick with emotion. "I love you too, Lena." The words spilled out of her like a dam breaking, releasing a flood of feelings she'd been holding back.

Lena's sobs grew quieter as she looked up at Ava with wide, shocked eyes. The high was making everything feel so intense, so real, and she could see the same intensity reflected in Ava's gaze. "You...you love me?" she whispered, her voice trembling.

Ava nodded, her own eyes shimmering with unshed tears. "More than anything," she murmured, her voice thick with emotion. "But I'm scared you won't remember this in the morning." The words hung heavy in the air, a stark reminder of the reality of the situation.

Lena's eyes searched Ava's, the high making everything feel like a dream. "I'll remember," she whispered, her voice a promise. "I'll remember how you made me feel safe, how you took care of me when no one else would."

Ava's own eyes filled with tears, and she leaned in, pressing her lips to Lena's in a soft, tender kiss. It was everything Lena had ever dreamed of, a moment of pure connection amidst the chaos of her life. She felt the warmth of Ava's love envelop her, wrapping her in a blanket of acceptance and adoration.

But the high wasn’t wearing off, leaving Lena's thoughts fuzzy and her emotions raw. She pulled back, her eyes searching Ava's for reassurance. "Promise me," she whispered, her voice thick with the weed. "Promise me you won't leave."

Ava's eyes searched hers, her own feelings a tumultuous storm. She couldn't leave Lena like this, not when she needed her the most. "I promise," she murmured, her voice a warm caress. "I'm not going anywhere."

The room was spinning so fast now that Lena felt like she was on a merry-go-round that had gone haywire. Her thoughts were a jumbled mess, but she knew that she needed to ask Ava for something. "Can I...can I wear something to bed?" she slurred, her eyelids growing heavy. "So I don't...mess your bed?"

Ava's eyes searched hers, a mix of concern and something else that made Lena's heart race. "What do you mean?" she asked, her voice gentle.

Lena's cheeks flushed with embarrassment, the high making her feel both vulnerable and brave. "You know," she murmured, her eyes drooping with sleep. "For...for accidents." She stumbled over the words, her mind a fog of pot and confusion. "I don't want to mess up your bed."

Ava's eyes searched hers, a mix of tenderness and amusement. "Oh, you mean like a...diaper?" she asked, her voice playful. But there was something in Lena's gaze that made her stomach flip. It was like looking into the soul of a scared little girl, asking for reassurance in the only way she knew how.

Lena's eyes widened, the high making her feel both incredibly shy and painfully honest. "Yeah," she whispered, her voice thick with embarrassment. "If you have one." The room was spinning so fast now that she couldn't even sit up straight. All she wanted was to crawl into bed and hide from the world.

Ava's smile was gentle, her eyes never leaving Lena's. "It's okay," she said, her voice soothing. "I understand." She stood up, the room tilting even more with the sudden shift in gravity. "Just...just wait here."

The floor felt like it was moving under her, and Lena nodded, her eyes slipping closed. She heard Ava's footsteps retreat and then return, the sound of fabric rustling somewhere in the background. "Here," Ava said, her voice close to Lena's ear. "These should work."

Lena felt something soft and warm being pressed into her hand. She looked down to see a pair of plush pink panties with a thick, absorbent pad sewn into the crotch. "Thank you," she murmured, her voice thick with sleep. "I don't know why I'm feeling so...so weird."

Ava's voice was gentle as she helped Lena stand, guiding her to the bathroom. "It's okay," she said, her hand firm on Lena's waist. "You're just really high. It's normal." The lights in the bathroom were too bright, and Lena squinted as Ava helped her step into the panties, the material soft against her skin.

The world was a swirl of colors and sounds, and Lena felt like she was floating. Ava's touch was the only thing grounding her, the only thing that made sense. "Thank you," she whispered, her voice thick with exhaustion beyond anything she’d ever felt before. "I'm so sorry."

Ava's voice was a gentle murmur in her ear. "Don't be sorry," she said, her hands deft as she helped Lena into the panties. "It's just the weed, baby." But even as she repeated those words, Ava knew there was more to it than that. Lena's incontinence had brought them closer than she could have ever imagined, and she didn't want to lose that connection.

The bathroom felt like it was spinning even faster now, the lights piercing Lena's eyes like lasers. She leaned heavily on Ava, her legs feeling like they were made of jelly. "I just...I just want to sleep," she mumbled, her eyelids drooping.

Ava's voice was a soft whisper in the cacophony of the spinning room. "It's okay," she said, her hands guiding Lena back to the bed. "Let's get you into bed." She helped her lay down, the softness of the mattress enveloping Lena's weary body. "Just...just rest, okay?"

Lena nodded, her eyes already slipping closed. The pink panties felt strange and yet comforting against her skin, a silent reminder of the trust she had placed in Ava. "Thank you," she murmured, her voice thick with the haze of the high. "Thank you for...for everything."

Ava's eyes searched hers, a mix of emotions playing out across her features. "You don't have to thank me," she said, her voice gentle. "I'm just...here for you." She paused, a beat passing before she continued. "Because i love you."

Lena's heart swelled with warmth, the high making everything feel so intense, so real. "I love you too," she murmured, her eyes fluttering closed. "So much." The words were barely out of her mouth before she felt Ava's soft, warm kiss on her forehead.

But sleep was elusive, the cacophony of emotions and the persistent buzz of the weed keeping her on edge. Her mind raced with thoughts of Ava, her touch, her care, and the overwhelming love she'd confessed. The room spun faster, and she couldn’t escape the fear that it was all just a dream, a hallucination brought on by the drugs.

The dam of her emotions finally broke, and Lena began to cry. Her sobs were quiet at first, a silent plea for the comfort that had briefly been hers. She curled into a ball, the humiliation of her condition mixing with the raw pain of her vulnerability. The pink panties felt like a lifeline, a tangible symbol of Ava's acceptance and care.

But the high was fading, and with it went the warmth and security that Ava's presence had brought. Lena was left alone with her thoughts, her fears, and the cold reality of what had happened. Her heart felt like it was shattering into a million pieces, each beat echoing the pain of her loneliness. She reached out, her hand finding only emptiness where Ava had been moments ago.

The sobs grew louder, each one tearing at the fragile threads of her sanity. She wanted to scream, to shout, to make the world stop spinning and just hold onto the one person who made sense in this chaotic mess. But all she could do was cry, the tears soaking the pillow beneath her head. The room spun faster and faster, the sounds of the party downstairs fading into a dull roar.

And then, like an angel sent to rescue her from her own thoughts, Ava was there. She heard the door open and close, and suddenly, the bed dipped as Ava sat beside her. "Lena?" she called out, her voice filled with concern. "What's wrong?"

Lena's sobs grew louder, her body wracked with the force of her emotions. "I...I don't know," she managed to choke out, her voice thick with tears. "I'm just...scared."

Ava's eyes searched hers, and she saw the raw vulnerability that lay beneath the haze of the weed. She knew that Lena's fear was real, that the high had only amplified the feelings she'd been holding back for so long. "You don't have to be scared," she murmured, her voice a gentle caress. "I'm right here."

Lena's sobs grew louder, and she felt Ava's hand on her shoulder, the warmth of it seeping into her skin. "Hold me," she begged, her voice thick with tears. "Please, Ava, just hold me." It was all she could do to keep the world from spinning out of control.

Ava's arms slid around her, pulling her close. "I've got you," she murmured, her voice a soothing balm to Lena's frayed nerves. "I'm not going anywhere." Her warmth was like a blanket, enveloping Lena in a cocoon of safety.

Lena's body melted into Ava's embrace, the tears coming faster now. "I'm so scared," she whispered, her voice trembling. "I don't know what's happening to me." The confession was a release, a letting go of the fear and confusion that had been building inside her since the party.

Ava's arms tightened around her, her own heart aching at the sight of Lena's pain. "You're okay," she murmured, her voice soothing. "You're just really, really high." But she knew it was more than that. The drugs had peeled away Lena's defenses, leaving her raw and exposed.

Lena's sobs grew quieter as she nestled closer to Ava, her breathing shallow and erratic. Ava could feel the tension in her body, the tremors that shook her frame. "Please," Lena whispered, her voice desperate. "Hold me."

Ava felt a flicker of frustration, a brief spark of annoyance at the situation. She knew it wasn't Lena's fault, but the weight of the evening's events was starting to wear on her. But she pushed the thought aside, guilt washing over her. She was the one who'd suggested the weed, and now Lena was falling apart in her arms. It was her job to fix this, to be there for her.

"Lena," she whispered, her voice filled with tenderness. "I'm here, baby. I'm not going anywhere." She stroked her hair, her touch gentle and reassuring. "You're my girlfriend now, and that means I'll always be here to hold you."

The word "girlfriend" hung in the air, heavy with meaning, and Lena's body relaxed slightly. The high was fading, but the warmth of Ava's embrace remained, grounding her in a way she hadn't felt in a long time. "Ava," she murmured, her eyes still closed. "I'm sorry."

Ava's arms tightened around her, her heart swelling with affection. "Don't be sorry," she said, her voice a gentle whisper. "You're just feeling a lot right now, huh, baby?"

Lena nodded, her tears soaking Ava's shirt. "Yeah," she murmured, her voice thick with emotion. "It's just...everything." The high was starting to wear off, but the feelings remained, a potent mix of love and fear.

Ava held her tight, her thoughts racing. She'd never felt so much for someone so quickly, and the idea that Lena felt the same way was both exhilarating and terrifying. She stroked her hair, her eyes tracing the contours of Lena's face. In that moment, she knew that she'd do anything for her, anything to keep her safe and happy. "You're going to be okay," she whispered, her voice a promise. "I'm here."

As Lena's breathing grew steady and her body relaxed, Ava felt the weight of the evening's events start to lift. The tears had stopped, and she could feel the tension draining from Lena's muscles. Her own heart rate began to slow, the racing thoughts giving way to a quiet calm. She kissed Lena's forehead, her lips lingering for a moment, feeling the warmth of her skin.

Looking down at the sleeping girl in her arms, Ava couldn't help but feel a swell of affection. She was so beautiful, so vulnerable, and she had chosen Ava. Out of everyone in that party, she had turned to her. The thought was both humbling and intoxicating. Ava felt like the luckiest person in the world to have Lena love her, even if it had been born out of a tragic, embarrassing incident.

Her eyes traced the soft curves of Lena's face, the way her eyelashes fluttered with every breath she took. The gentle rise and fall of her chest was soothing, and Ava couldn't help but lean in to press a soft kiss against her cheek. Lena's skin was warm, her breath sweet and even. It was a stark contrast to the chaos of earlier, a reminder of the peace they had found together amidst the storm.

As Lena's breathing grew deeper, her sobs subsiding into the quiet of sleep, Ava felt a sense of protectiveness wash over her. Here was this girl, so strong and yet so fragile, who had been through so much in one night. And yet, she had the courage to open up her heart and confess her feelings. Ava felt a warmth in her chest that she hadn't felt in a long time.

*003*2025-04-27 09:36

CHAPTER 4: Strange Thoughts And Finding Her Baby

Her mind wandered to the earlier moments, when Lena had been in distress, and she had been the one to provide comfort. It was strange, but the thought of Lena being incontinent, of needing her care, didn't repulse her. Instead, it filled her with a strange sense of...acceptance? Desire, even. It was as if the vulnerability had peeled away layers of Lena's armor, revealing a softness that Ava hadn't noticed before.

Ava knew it was wrong to feel this way, that she should be horrified at the thought of someone being stuck in such a helpless state. But as she sat there, holding Lena in her arms, she found herself imagining a future where she was the one to always be there, to always provide that care and support. It was a bizarre revelation, one that she didn't quite know how to process.

The idea of Lena being dependent on her was oddly comforting, a strange sense of purpose that filled a void in Ava she hadn't even realized existed. She'd never been the nurturing type, had always prided herself on her independence and strength. But as she watched Lena sleep, she felt something new stir within her, something that whispered of a gentle love that was willing to endure even the most humiliating of moments.

Her thoughts drifted to the future, to days and nights of caring for Lena in this way. The image of her girlfriend in diapers, relying on her for protection and comfort, sent a thrill through her. It wasn't just the novelty of it; it was the knowledge that she could provide something no one else could, that she was the one Lena trusted implicitly. It was a heady feeling, one that made her heart race and her palms sweat.

Ava couldn't deny the attraction she felt towards Lena's vulnerability. The idea of Lena needing her in such a fundamental way was...exciting. It was a power dynamic she hadn't considered before, but it resonated with something deep within her. She'd always been the strong one, the one to take charge and fix things. But here was Lena, so beautifully broken, and all Ava wanted was to piece her back together.

Her thoughts grew more intense as she pondered the possibility of Lena being a submissive. It was something she'd always been curious about, but had never quite found the right person to explore with. Now, with Lena's incontinence, it seemed like the stars had aligned. She could see it in her mind's eye: Lena in a cute little outfit, blushing as she struggled to hold in her pee, looking up at her with those big, pleading eyes, asking for permission to go.

The thought made Ava's stomach flip with excitement, but she knew she couldn't rush things. They'd just confessed their feelings, and Lena was still dealing with the trauma of the night. Plus, she had to be sure this was what Lena wanted too. But the idea of guiding her through this, of helping her find joy in the midst of such a distressing condition, was incredibly appealing.

As dawn began to break, Ava carefully extricated herself from Lena's embrace, her mind racing with possibilities. What if they could turn this into something beautiful, something that brought them even closer together? She knew it was a fine line to walk, but she couldn't shake the feeling that they were meant to explore this new aspect of their relationship.

Carefully, she tiptoed to her dresser and pulled out a clean pair of panties and a t-shirt, laying them on the bedside table. She'd talk to Lena in the morning, when she was sober and they could have a clear conversation. The thought of guiding her through this, of being the one she turned to for comfort and understanding, filled Ava with a sense of excitement she hadn't felt in a long time.

But as she climbed into bed beside Lena, her mind was racing with questions. What if Lena didn't want this? What if she was just saying these things because of the weed? But the way she had looked at her, the sincerity in her voice, it couldn't have all been the drugs. Ava knew there was something real between them, something that had grown out of the mess of that night.

The light from the streetlamp outside painted stripes across the ceiling, and Ava watched them dance for a moment, her thoughts swirling like the patterns of light. She'd always been a bit of a control freak, always needing to have everything just so. But with Lena, it was different. Her incontinence was something she couldn't control, and the thought of Lena handing that control over to her was...exciting.

Ava turned on her side, her eyes never leaving Lena's peaceful face. She reached out, her fingertips brushing the soft skin of her cheek. The urge to wake her up, to explore these thoughts right now, was strong. But she knew better. The morning would bring clarity, and she didn't want to risk ruining this fragile bond with something so...extreme.

Her mind was racing with scenarios, each more thrilling than the last. The idea of Lena, dressed in a cute little outfit, begging for permission to use the bathroom, only to have Ava shake her head with a knowing smile, was a powerful aphrodisiac. The thought of Lena's desperation growing, her eyes watering as she tried to hold it in, only to finally give in and wet herself in public, was almost too much to handle. The power dynamics were intoxicating, and Ava knew she wanted to explore them further.

But she also knew that she had to be careful. Lena was vulnerable, and Ava didn't want to take advantage of that. She had to be sure that Lena was on the same page, that she didn't just see this as a temporary solution to a humiliating problem, but rather a chance to explore something deeper, something that could bring them closer together.

With a deep breath, Ava picked up her phone and began to type out a message to both of their professors, feigning illness for the two of them. She couldn't help but smirk at the thought of Lena's reaction when she woke up. She'd be mortified at the idea of having to explain her incontinence to anyone, let alone her teachers. But Ava knew she'd do anything to spare her that embarrassment.

Her thumbs moved deftly over the screen, crafting a believable lie that painted them as a tragic, sick couple unable to attend class. As she hit send, she couldn't help but feel a thrill of power. This was their little secret, and she was the one protecting it. It was a strange feeling, one that was both exhilarating and a little terrifying.

But as the message sent confirmation popped up, Ava's mind returned to the present. Lena was still asleep, her breathing even and peaceful. The light from the streetlamp cast soft shadows on her face, and Ava felt a sudden urge to capture this moment, to hold onto it forever. She leaned in, her lips brushing against Lena's in a gentle kiss. Lena murmured in her sleep, but didn't stir. She pulled away after a moment, yawning softly.

Ava couldn't remember the last time she'd felt this tired. The night had been a whirlwind of emotions, and she knew she needed to rest. Carefully, she slid closer to Lena, wrapping her arms around her. For the first time in what felt like forever, the weight of the world didn't feel so heavy. The warmth of Lena's body against hers was comforting, and she found herself feeling sleepy.

With a contented sigh, Ava pulled Lena closer, her body curling protectively around hers. It was a gesture she hadn't made since she was a little girl, seeking comfort in the arms of a parent or a favorite stuffed animal. But now, she was the one offering comfort, and it felt surprisingly right. Lena's breath was even and deep, a testament to the peace she had found in sleep. Ava's heart swelled with affection as she nestled her nose into the crook of Lena's neck, inhaling the faint scent of her shampoo.

But as Lena's body grew heavier in her arms, Ava felt a warm wetness seep through the fabric of the pink panties and onto the bed. Her heart skipped a beat as she realized what was happening. The weed, the stress, the emotions of the night had all taken their toll, and Lena's body was giving in to the inevitable. A small, involuntary shiver ran through Lena's frame, and Ava felt the soft, warm trickle of pee as it began to soak the sheets.

Her initial reaction was one of horror, but it was quickly overridden by a strange sense of calm. She knew Lena wasn't doing it on purpose, that she couldn't control it. And the way she'd looked at her earlier, the desperation in her voice when she'd begged for Ava to hold her, it was clear that she needed her more than ever. So she didn't pull away. Instead, she held Lena tighter, her own body absorbing the warmth of her accident.

The smell of urine filled the air, but it was soon followed by a heavier scent. Lena's bowels had given way too, and Ava felt the warm, wet mess spread against her thigh. But she didn't flinch. Instead, she pressed her face into Lena's neck, her breathing even and calm as she whispered reassurances into her ear. "It's okay," she murmured, her voice low and soothing. "You're okay."

Lena's body convulsed slightly, her muscles relaxing as she lost control completely. The warmth and wetness grew, soaking into Ava's clothes and the bed beneath them. She could feel the stickiness of it, the weight of Lena's mess pressing against her, but she didn't care. All that mattered was that Lena was safe, that she had someone to hold onto.

Ava's mind raced as she felt the warmth spread, her own body responding with a strange mix of discomfort and arousal. She'd never experienced anything like this before, but she couldn't deny the way it made her feel. It was as if she'd been handed a piece of Lena's soul, something no one else would ever know. It was intimate in a way that nothing else could ever be.

Her eyes remained open, watching the shadows play across the ceiling as Lena's bladder and bowels emptied. The sound was faint, almost imperceptible, but Ava heard it all, felt it all. The wetness grew, the scent stronger, and she couldn't help but feel a thrill of excitement. It was wrong, she knew, but she couldn't stop herself. It was like watching a secret unfold before her eyes, a moment so personal it was almost sacred.

The warmth grew between them, the sticky mess spreading. Ava felt it against her crotch, the warmth seeping through the fabric of her shorts. Her body reacted, a betrayal she hadn't anticipated. But she didn't move, didn't pull away. Instead, she held Lena tighter, her body responding in a way that surprised her. The feeling was strange, a mix of arousal and tenderness that made her heart race.

Her eyes grew heavy as the night's events played out like a movie in her mind. The party, the spiked drink, the moments of fear and humiliation that had led them here. But instead of feeling repulsed or embarrassed, she felt a deep sense of contentment. Lena was here, with her, and she had been the one to save her. It was a power trip, she admitted to herself, but one that she wasn't ready to let go of just yet.

Ava felt her own eyelids growing heavy, the gentle rhythm of Lena's breathing lulling her into a peaceful sleep. The warmth of Lena's body, even with the unpleasant odor, was a comfort she hadn't known she needed. As she drifted off, she found herself already planning how she would care for Lena in the morning, how she would help her clean up without making her feel any more embarrassed than she already did. It was a strange kind of love, one born of necessity and vulnerability, but it was love nonetheless.

Her thoughts grew fuzzy, the edges of consciousness blurring as she succumbed to exhaustion. The sound of Lena's quiet sobs had become a distant memory, replaced by the steady, rhythmic inhale and exhale of sleep. Ava's mind was a whirl of images, each more vivid than the last. She saw Lena in various scenarios, each one more intimate and humiliating than the last. But in every scene, she was there, holding her, loving her, caring for her.

Her body grew heavy with the weight of the night, and she let sleep claim her, her arms still wrapped tightly around Lena. The warmth of their entwined forms grew, the stickiness of their clothes a testament to the intimacy they had shared. The smell of urine and the unpleasant odor of Lena’s mess was potent, but it was overshadowed by the comforting scent of their mingled sweat and the faint sweetness of their skin.

The sounds of the party outside had long faded, leaving only the gentle murmur of distant conversations and occasional laughter to serenade them into the depths of the night. Ava's dreams were a tapestry of moments from the evening, her mind playing out scenarios that ranged from the humiliating to the erotic, each one featuring Lena’s vulnerability and her own need to care for her.

*004*2025-06-10 01:29

Chapter 5: Secrets come to light, Ava has an accident, and heartbreak comes knocking on the door.

As the first light of the weekend dawned, Ava's eyes snapped open, her mind immediately racing with the thoughts of the path she wanted to explore with Lena. She took a deep breath, feeling the stickiness between them, a stark reminder of the previous night's events. Carefully, she extricated herself from Lena's embrace, not wanting to wake her just yet. She knew Lena would be embarrassed when she realized she'd had another accident, but Ava felt oddly at peace with it. It was as if the universe had handed her a gift, an opportunity to show Lena that she was more than just a caretaker; she was a lover, a partner, someone who found beauty in her imperfections.

Ava slipped out of bed and padded into the kitchen, her mind buzzing with ideas. The house was quiet, save for the faint hum of the fridge. She pulled out a notepad and pen, her thoughts spilling onto the page as she jotted down ideas. She'd start by making Lena feel as comfortable as possible, ensuring that she had access to clean clothes and supplies whenever she needed them. But it was the psychological aspect that truly intrigued Ava. How could she make this something that Lena would not only accept but also crave?

The first order of business was to establish a routine, something that would give Lena a sense of structure and predictability amidst the chaos of her condition. Ava envisioned a series of "safe words" that Lena could use to signal when she was feeling overwhelmed or needed to use the bathroom. It was a subtle way to introduce the idea of power exchange without making it explicit, allowing Lena to retain some semblance of control while still giving Ava the power to guide her through the situation.

Next, she thought about the physical aspect of care. Lena would need someone to help her clean up, to change her clothes, to ensure she was comfortable and presentable. Ava saw this as an opportunity to build intimacy, to show Lena that she wasn't just there for the good times, but for the messy moments too. She'd need to be patient, to handle Lena with the same care and dignity she'd want to be treated with herself. It was a delicate balance, one that required a level of trust she wasn't sure they had yet.

But the more she thought about it, the more she felt drawn to the idea. It was like a puzzle, a challenge she was eager to solve. She could see the pieces fitting together in her mind, creating a picture of a life where she could be the one to make Lena feel cherished and protected, even in the face of something so embarrassing.

The hypnosis idea grew more tantalizing by the minute. It was something she could do for Lena, a way to give her back some of the control she'd lost. With a determined nod, Ava set her phone down and began to search in earnest. She found a few articles about it, some personal blogs, but nothing that really spoke to her until she stumbled upon a video titled "Mess Yourself Uncontrollably With This Trigger Word." It was a simple, homemade affair, with a soothing voice and a gentle background track that promised to give the listener a sense of security and comfort.

The video was short, but the instructions were clear: play the recording and focus on the trigger word, which in this case was "release." The voice in the video was soft, almost whispering, as it guided the listener through the process of letting go, of allowing their body to relax and give in to the sensation of wetness. Ava watched it once, twice, her eyes glued to the screen as she took in every word, every nuance of the speaker's tone.

The first two times, she was skeptical. It all seemed so far-fetched, so unlikely. But as she read through the comments below the video, she saw story after story of people who claimed it had worked for them, who swore by the power of hypnosis to overcome their incontinence issues. And as she read, something within her began to shift. It was like a lightbulb going off in her head, illuminating a path she hadn't seen before.

With renewed hope, she hit play for the third time. She focused on the trigger word, "release," allowing it to echo through her mind as the soft, soothing voice filled her ears. The room around her grew fuzzy, the edges of her vision blurring as she sank into the chair, her eyes glazed over. The instructions were simple, but she found herself taking them to heart, believing in the possibility of what was happening. For Lena, she could do this. For the girl who had stumbled into her life, bringing with her a whirlwind of mess and emotion, she could try anything.

As the video played on, Ava's body began to respond. She felt a strange warmth building in her stomach, a pressure that grew with each passing second. She knew part of it was the marijuana, knew she was still high, but she couldn't help the feeling of inevitability that washed over her. The first fart slipped out, a soft sound that barely registered in the quiet room. It was followed by another, and another, the pressure in her bowels increasing with each one.

Her underwear began to stretch, the fabric straining against the growing weight of her impending accident. She could feel the warm, wet sensation spreading, the mess pooling between her legs. The trigger word, "release," played on repeat in her mind, and she found herself leaning into it, her body obeying the command despite her skepticism. The smell grew stronger, a pungent mix of fear and arousal that filled her nose. She couldn't believe what was happening, couldn't believe she was doing this for Lena, couldn't believe she was finding a twisted comfort in it.

The first true load forced its way out with a wet plop, the sound echoing in the otherwise silent room. Ava felt the warmth spread, the fabric of her panties now a soggy mess against her skin. Another followed, and another, each one more intense than the last. Her body convulsed with the effort, the muscles in her stomach tightening and releasing in a strange, involuntary dance. It was as if she was watching from outside herself, observing the scene with a detached curiosity.

Her underwear stretched taut, the seams straining with the weight of her mess. Each fart was a symphony of sound, a crescendo of pressure and release that grew more powerful with every passing moment. The smell grew stronger, a heady mix of embarrassment and something else, something she couldn't quite put her finger on. It was intoxicating, this feeling of losing control, of giving in to something so primal and base.

But amidst the chaos of her own bowels, her thoughts remained on Lena. What would she think if she knew Ava was doing this for her? Would she be repulsed? Grateful? Aroused? Ava couldn't be sure, but she knew she had to find out.

Her eyes snapped open as the video ended, her body slumped over the chair. She blinked rapidly, trying to clear the fog from her vision. She looked down, her cheeks flaming with embarrassment as she saw the mess she'd made. Her underwear was a soggy mess, the fabric strained with the weight of her feces. She could feel the warmth seeping through her clothes, staining the floor beneath her.

Panic set in as the reality of the situation hit her, but she pushed it aside. This was for Lena. If she could do this, if she could understand what Lena went through, maybe she could help her accept it too. Carefully, she attempted to stand up, her legs wobbly and unsteady. It was hard. She fell back to her knees. She felt the mess shift and slide, the sensation sending a shiver up her spine.

Her first instinct was to clean herself up, to wash away the evidence of what had just happened. But she paused, looking at the reflection in the window. The girl staring back at her was a mess, her clothes soiled and her dignity in tatters. Yet, there was something oddly freeing about it. She hadn't felt this alive in a long time, this raw and vulnerable. It was as if the walls she'd built around herself were crumbling down brick by brick. She found that she even looked…cute? Cute? Like this? She couldn’t place why, but god, with that soft, large bulge protruding from her pants, she loved how she looked.

For a brief moment, Ava felt a pang of guilt. She'd just soiled herself like a child, and she was finding it...appealing? But the guilt was short-lived, quickly replaced by a sense of purpose. If she could do this for Lena, if she could make her feel this way, then maybe it wasn't so bad. Maybe there was something beautiful in the messiness of it all.

Slowly, she began to stand, her legs protesting against the weight in her pants. She took a deep breath, steeling herself against the embarrassment that threatened to swallow her whole. She had to clean up, had to make sure Lena didn't see this, didn't know what she'd done. But even as she thought that, a part of her wished she could share this with her, show her that she understood.

And just as she was about to turn away from the window, the door creaked open. Lena's sleepy figure appeared in the doorway, her eyes blinking in the soft light of the early morning. She looked around the room, her gaze landing on Ava with a sleepy smile. "Ava?" she murmured, her voice thick with sleep. "I had the weirdest dream..."

Her words trailed off as she took in the sight before her: Ava, knees slightly parted, with a noticeable bulge in her shorts that could only be one thing. The smell in the room grew stronger as Lena took a step closer, her eyes widening in horror. "Oh my god," she gasped, her hand flying to her mouth. "What happened?"

Ava felt the blood rush to her cheeks, her heart pounding in her chest. "I-I... I was just trying to understand," she stuttered, her voice barely above a whisper. "I wanted to see if it worked."

Lena's eyes searched hers, a mix of confusion and horror etched on her face. "Understand what?" she asked, her voice shaking slightly.

Ava's shoulders slumped as she felt the weight of her own embarrassment crash down upon her. "Y..Your problem," she murmured, her voice barely above a whisper. "I saw a hypnosis video, and I thought if I could do it too, if I could feel what you go through, then maybe..." Her voice trailed off as she began to cry, the reality of what she'd done setting in. She was terrified that she'd just destroyed any chance of a relationship with Lena, that she'd become someone she couldn't love.

Tears streamed down her face, mingling with the snot that now bubbled from her nose. She sniffled, trying to compose herself, but it was no use. The mess she'd made was a stark reminder of the line she'd crossed, and she didn't know how to take it back. "I just wanted to understand," she sobbed, her voice shaking. "I didn't mean to make it...to make it into something like this."

Lena's eyes searched hers, a storm of emotions brewing in their depths. "Did you?" she asked, her voice cold and hard. "Did you enjoy it?"

The question hung in the air, heavy with accusation and fear. Ava's heart felt like it was in a vice, the guilt crushing her chest. "I don't know," she whispered, her voice shaking. "I just... I just wanted to help. To understand."

Lena's expression softened slightly, the anger in her eyes fading to something else, something Ava couldn't quite read. She took a tentative step forward, her bare feet avoiding the mess on the floor. "Ava," she began, her voice softer now, "you can't just do things like this. It's... it's not right."

But even as she said the words, Lena felt a strange tug in her chest, something that felt suspiciously like arousal. She pushed it down, burying it deep within her. She couldn't possibly be turned on by this, could she? It was wrong, it was messy, it was everything she'd spent her life trying to avoid. Yet, there it was, pulsing through her veins like a forbidden fruit she hadn't realized she craved.

Ava's sobs grew louder, her body shaking with the force of her emotions. "I'm sorry," she wailed, "I'm so sorry." Her voice was a symphony of regret and desperation, each word a dagger to Lena's heart.

"Why can't we just be like this?" she begged, her voice cracking with each syllable. "Why do we have to hide it? Why can't we just let go?" Ava's pleas were raw and unfiltered, the kind that came from a place of deep, unspoken pain.

Lena's heart ached as she watched Ava's breakdown, the weight of societal norms crashing down around them. She knew what Ava was getting at, the freedom that could come from shedding the shackles of embarrassment and shame. For a brief moment, she allowed herself to imagine a world where accidents didn't mean the end of the world, where two people could love each other through the messiest of moments.

But then reality set back in, and she couldn't help the bubble of anger that surfaced. "Ava," she said, her voice firm but gentle, "this isn't just about us not having to hide. It's about consent, about respecting each other's boundaries."

Ava looked up, her eyes red and puffy from crying. "I know," she sniffled, "I just... I want to help you, Lena. I want to make it okay."

Lena felt a pang of something, a strange mix of pity and understanding. She knew Ava wasn't trying to be cruel or disrespectful. She was just trying to find a way to cope with the situation, to find the beauty in the messiness of their new reality. But she also knew that they couldn't just throw caution to the wind and embrace something so...taboo.

"Ava," she said softly, moving closer to her. "We can't just pretend it's okay. It's not that simple."

Ava's sobs grew louder, her body convulsing with the force of her emotion. "But why not?" she wailed, her voice ragged with desperation. "Why do we have to follow all these stupid rules? Be told how to live? Be told who to love? Fifty years ago, we would’ve been attacked in the streets and fed to the dogs just for kissing, Lena!"

Lena's heart went out to Ava, her own eyes misting over as she took in the raw pain on her face. She knew that Ava was reaching for something deeper than just a way to deal with incontinence. It was a cry for freedom from societal constraints, a desperate plea to be seen and accepted for who they truly were. It was a yearning that resonated within her own soul, a whisper of rebellion that spoke to the part of her that was tired of hiding.

But she also knew that they couldn't just toss aside the rules of society, not without consequences. "Ava," she said softly, reaching out to cup her face. "You're right. Life would be easier without these rules, without the fear of judgment. But we can't ignore the world around us. We have to live in it, with it."

Ava's sobs grew quieter, her eyes searching Lena's for any sign of hope. "But what if...what if we could make our own rules?" she asked, her voice a trembling whisper.

Lena sighed heavily, her heart heavy with the weight of Ava's words. "We can," she said softly, "but not like this."

Ava's sobs grew quieter, her eyes searching Lena's for any sign of understanding. "What do you mean?" she asked, her voice thick with unshed tears.

Lena took a deep breath, her heart racing as she tried to put her thoughts into words. "I mean," she began, her voice gentle, "what if we could find a way to be ourselves, without hiding? Without feeling like we're doing something wrong just because society says so?"

Ava's eyes searched hers, a flicker of hope in their depths. "But how?" she whispered, her voice thick with emotion. "How do we do that?"

Lena paused for a moment, her gaze drifting to the bulge in Ava's pants. The wet patch around the seat of her pyjamas was a stark reminder of the reality of her situation. She knew Ava was looking for a way out of the cage of societal norms, but she also knew the potential cost. "We have to be careful," she said, her voice measured and deliberate. "This isn't something we can just jump into without thinking."

Her eyes met Ava's, searching for the truth in her gaze. "What we're talking about," she continued, "it's a big deal. It means you're giving up control. It means you're going to have accidents, we both will. And people are going to laugh. They're going to make fun of us, maybe even bully us."

Ava remained silent for a long moment, her expression contemplative as she took in Lena's words. It was clear she hadn't thought this through, hadn't considered the long-term implications of what she was proposing. But then, she didn't have to live with this every day.

"How do you know?" she finally asked, her voice low and serious. "How do you know what it's like to have no choice?"

Lena took a deep breath, her heart racing as she considered how much to reveal. "Because, Ava," she whispered, "it's been happening to me for years."

The confession hung in the air like a bomb waiting to drop. Ava's eyes grew wide with shock, her mouth falling open in disbelief. "What?" she stuttered, her hand coming up to cover her mouth. "What do you mean?"

Lena took a deep breath, her voice shaking with the effort it took to speak the words she'd kept hidden for so long. "I've had near incontinence since I was a teenager," she admitted, her voice barely above a whisper. "My stage fright was just an excuse, a way to explain it to myself and to others."

The revelation hit Ava like a ton of bricks. She stared at Lena, her eyes wide with shock. "But..." she stammered, "but how? Why didn't you tell me?"

Lena looked away, her cheeks burning with a mix of shame and relief. "I was afraid," she admitted, her voice barely above a whisper. "Afraid of what you'd think, of how you'd look at me." She took a sharp breath, feeling tears spring to her eyes. "I..I lied. Sort of. My drink was spiked last night. I genuinely couldn’t..stop it when it all happened. But that’s not new." She hung her head low. "It started with the stage fright. That was..real. But i started to like it. The way my pants grew warm and almost..comforting. Like a duvet. And…I started doing it on purpose. Truth be told, it might have stopped if i had..actually practiced to get over it. But instead i told my body it was okay. I started letting go of my own accord. Took control, in..in a way."

Ava didn’t speak, partially because of shock, partially because Lena hadn’t taken a breath. Pushing out all the words the same way Ava herself had pushed out all her mess into her pants for the first time in years. This was the first time Lena had EVER admitted this, though.

Lena started to shift on the spot, clearly nervous, it was like a reflex. Lena had explained, over the night, to Ava, that she had been diagnosed with autism and ADHD at a pretty young age, and that stuff like this was common. But it was no less heartbreaking to see her constantly get annoyed at herself every time her body moved by itself, everytime her hands swung dramatically as she spoke, like she had been bullied for it. She started to realise that her and Lena had only known each other a day, even though they felt inseperable. Like two long lost souls reunited.

"A..Anyway. I decided i… had wanted more. Wanted to truly have my body take control. Not have to think. I..I used to hold it until..until i’d wet myself sometimes, just to feel that loss of control. My bladder pushing everything out no matter how hard i tried to tighten up, or stop it." She bit her lip. "That was a bad idea. Because it..got weaker, and weaker. I was..you know. Still pretty young. I didn’t even think about resting or taking breaks between it. And before pretty long, i’d gone from..a little accident prone on stage, to having a tiny bladder, and self inflicted overactive bladder."

She looked down, clearly feeling like an absolute mess. "After that. I decided i wanted to go all the way. And so i started to..listen to hypnosis videos. It started at night. Just to see if they’d actually work. They didn’t. I wanted to know what it was like to wet the bed..on accident. To fall asleep dry as a bone, and wake up as wet as the ocean. Eventually. I drank a lot with some friends. Tried the hypnosis, through the haze, i..i must have believed in it, because at that sleepover, i woke up soaked. Then the next night. And the next night. Then, i was dry, or well..partially. I woke up mid-pee. And..pissed myself by the time i made it from my bedroom to the bathroom. And..i became a bedwetter. It..just kind of happened."

"I got what i wanted. I was accident prone during the day. A real bedwetter. But still, i just had to push it. I got..high with a friend maybe two years ago. Decided to try a..like..poop your pants hypnosis video. I hadn’t ever pooped my pants. I wanted to know what it was like. Like you did, just." She bit her lip harder now. "I passed out, and woke up not only in a wet bed, but with my pyjamas full of..my own mess. And so did..my friend. She had listened, somewhat, along in her sleep, and it happened. And she really liked it. Even though she didn’t tell me at first." She paused, thinking for a moment. "The reason i’m..telling you this. My love. Is because i didn’t think before i did it all. And..you can’t take it back. I’ve been bullied relentlessly, Ava. Beaten up. Locked in storage closets just so people can see how long it takes for me to lose control. College was meant to be a fresh start.."

Ava's eyes were wide with disbelief, and a hint of anger. "How could you do that to yourself? How could you let people treat you like that?" she exclaimed, her voice rising with each word. "It's not right, Lena! It's not normal!"

Lena's cheeks burned brighter, and she opened her mouth to protest, but Ava barreled on, her own voice trembling with the force of her words. "You had a choice!" she said, her voice filled with accusation. "You didn’t have to let it get to this point. You didn’t have to indulge in it like that!"

"Ava, please," Lena tried to interject, but Ava was on a roll now, the words spilling out of her like a dam had burst.

"You had control, Lena!" Ava's voice grew louder, her fists clenched at her sides. "You chose to do that to yourself, to let it happen! You didn’t have to be like this!"

Lena's eyes filled with tears, the accusation stinging. She took a step back, her voice shaking as she tried to explain. "Ava, please, it's not that simple. I just wanted to feel something, to not be in charge all the time. And before I knew it, it was all I knew."

But Ava wasn't listening, her own emotions overtaking her. "You could have talked to someone, gotten help!" she said, her voice rising. "Why did you let it go so far?"

Lena's eyes flashed with a sudden fierce anger. "Because talking didn't make it go away!" she screamed, her voice echoing in the small room. "Because every time I tried, they just looked at me like I was broken!" Tears streamed down her face as she continued to shout. "I liked it, Ava! I liked feeling like I didn't have to hold it all in! I liked that for once, my body could just... do what it wanted, without me constantly fighting it!"

Her words hung in the air, heavy and raw, as Ava took a step back, her expression one of shock and confusion. Lena's chest heaved with sobs, her hands shaking as she tried to gather her thoughts. "It made me feel... cute," she whispered, her voice cracking. "It made me feel like I wasn't the one in charge for once. And when you said you liked it too, that you wanted to feel that way, it was like... it was like you saw me."

Ava felt the accusation like a slap across the face, her cheeks burning with the realization of her own hypocrisy. She had been the one to experiment, to seek out the thrill of losing control, and yet here she was, judging Lena for finding solace in the very same thing she craved. "I'm sorry," she murmured, her voice small and defeated.

But Lena was beyond apologies now, her own voice rising to match the volume of Ava's accusations. "You don't get it!" she sobbed. "You don't get to tell me what I should and shouldn't like about my own body!"

Her screams filled the room, echoing off the walls as she threw her hands up in frustration. "You liked it too!" she accused, her voice cracking with each word. "You liked feeling it all come out, you liked being taken care of! You liked it when you had no control!"

Ava stumbled backward, her heart racing. She had never seen Lena this upset, this out of control. But as the words sank in, she realized the truth in them. She had felt a thrill, a rush of something primal and freeing, when she had messed herself. And here she was, judging Lena for the very same thing she had sought out and enjoyed.

"I'm sorry," she whispered again, her voice barely audible over Lena's sobs. "I didn't mean to make you feel like that."

Lena's sobs grew louder, her shoulders shaking with the force of her emotion. "But you did," she choked out. "You made it sound like I'm a freak for wanting this, for enjoying it!"

Ava's eyes filled with tears as she realized the depth of Lena's pain. She had been so caught up in her own desires, in her own need to feel understood and accepted, that she hadn't stopped to think about the impact her words might have on the woman she loved. "I didn't mean to," she said, her voice barely more than a whisper. "I just... I didn't know how to react."

Lena's cries grew louder, her voice raw with emotion. "You liked it," she repeated, her voice a mix of anger and hurt. "You liked feeling helpless. You liked being cared for. Why is it wrong for me to want that too?"

Lena's eyes searched Ava's, looking for any trace of the love and understanding she had felt earlier. She paused, her cheeks littered with tear streaks, but her eyes seemed almost..distant, like she was staring straight through Ava. "Oh. I know what it is. It's because I did it first, right?" she said, her voice cold and detached. "If it was you, it would be different. You'd be the one everyone felt sorry for. The one who needed care and compassion."

The accusation in her tone was unmistakable, and it sent a chill down Ava's spine. "But it's not you," Lena continued, her voice growing colder with each word. "It's me. And suddenly, it's not cute or sexy or whatever you thought it would be."

Ava felt a pang of guilt, realizing that her own experiment had been selfish, a fleeting moment of curiosity compared to the lifelong struggle Lena faced. "Lena," she began, reaching out tentatively, but Lena stepped back, her eyes flashing.

But Lena's voice remained cold, almost detached. "It's because I did it first," she repeated, her eyes no longer searching for understanding in Ava's. "You liked it when you thought it was something new, something you could explore. But because it's me, because it's my reality, it's not cute or exciting anymore. It's just... wrong."

Ava felt the words like a slap across the face. She had been so caught up in her own desires, so focused on her own need for acceptance, that she had forgotten the impact her actions could have on Lena. "That's not true," she protested, but her voice was weak, and she knew it.

"Isn't it?" Lena's voice was cold, distant. "You liked it when you thought it was just a little game, something to spice things up. But when it's real, when it's my life, it's just a dirty little secret you don't want to be a part of."

Ava felt the accusation like a knife to her heart. She had never meant for Lena to feel that way. "That's not what I meant," she said, her voice trembling. "I just... I just didn't know how to handle it."

But Lena was already pulling away, her eyes no longer meeting Ava's. "I should go," she murmured, her voice devoid of emotion. "It's clear that I'm not what you thought I was."

Ava's heart shattered at the thought of Lena leaving, her words cutting deeper than she could have ever imagined. She reached out to her, desperation lacing her voice as she tried to apologize again. "Lena, please don't go. I didn't mean it like that. You're not... you're not a dirty secret."

But Lena's eyes remained cold and distant, her voice flat as she shrugged off Ava's touch. "You don't get to decide what I am," she said, her voice devoid of its usual warmth. "I'm not your little plaything to explore and then throw away when you get bored."

Ava felt the words like a knife to her soul. "Lena, please," she begged, her voice cracking with the weight of her emotions. "I never thought of you that way. I just..." She didn't know what to say, her mind racing with a million thoughts and fears.

Lena looked at her, the pain in her eyes unbearable. "I should go," she said, her voice trembling. "Maybe we should just be friends." The words were like a sledgehammer to Ava's heart, breaking it into a million pieces.

"Friends?" Ava echoed, the word feeling foreign on her tongue. She reached out, trying to hold onto Lena, but she was already backing away. "Lena, no, please, you're more than that to me."

But Lena's expression was unyielding, her eyes red and puffy from crying. "Maybe we should just stick to what we know, Ava. Maybe this was all just a mistake." She turned to grab her bag, her movements jerky and uncoordinated.

Ava felt as if she were watching a train wreck in slow motion, unable to do anything but stand there and watch the destruction unfold. "Lena, no," she whispered, reaching out to stop her, but her hand hovered in the air, unsure of where to touch. "Please don't go. I didn't mean it like that."

But Lena was already halfway to the door, her movements mechanical as she gathered her things. She didn't look back, her shoulders hunched in defeat. "It's okay," she said, her voice devoid of any emotion. "We can still be friends, right?" She paused. Her eyes flickered to the floor. "Ah. Then again, maybe not. Your type of person is 'normal' and 'right', huh?"

Ava felt a million knives stab at her heart. The idea of losing Lena, of reducing their relationship to mere friendship, was unbearable. "No," she choked out, her voice thick with unshed tears. "You're not just some...some 'type' of person I hang out with. You're Lena, and you're perfect just the way you are."

But Lena was already at the door, her hand on the knob. "I'm sorry," she whispered, a soft laugh emitted from her, it was a quiet, broken hearted sound, her voice trembled with emotion. "I just can't... I can't do this."

"Lena, no!" Ava's voice was a desperate plea, her eyes brimming with tears. "You can't just leave like this."

But Lena's eyes remained cold, the light that had once danced in them now extinguished. "It's for the best," she murmured, her voice barely above a whisper. "You'll find someone... normal. Someone who won't mess up your perfect world."

Ava felt as if her entire being was crumbling around her. "Lena, please," she begged, her voice breaking. "You're not messing anything up. You're the best thing that's ever happened to me."

But Lena just shook her head, her eyes brimming with unshed tears. "I can't, Ava. I can't do this."

"What are you talking about?" Ava's voice was thick with desperation. "You're not a mistake. You're not...not normal. You're just you. And that's all I care about."

But Lena's expression didn't change, the light in her eyes had gone out, replaced by a dull ache. "It's not just about me," she said, her voice devoid of its usual warmth. "It's about us. What we are, what we do. It's not... it's not right."

Ava felt her chest tighten, a lump forming in her throat. "But Lena," she whispered, her voice breaking. "You're everything to me."

But Lena just nodded, her eyes downcast. "It's okay," she said softly. "Really. It's better this way."

Ava felt like she was choking on her own tears, her chest tightening with pain. "No," she said, her voice a desperate whisper. "It's not okay. Please, don't do this."

But Lena's eyes remained cold, the spark of hope that had been there moments ago now nothing but a distant memory. "I have to," she murmured. "For both of us."

Ava's hand dropped to her side, her shoulders slumping in defeat. "I'm sorry," she choked out. "I didn't mean any of it like that."

Lena took a deep breath, her hand still on the door handle. "It's okay," she said, her voice small and sad. "I understand." But the way she said it made it clear she didn't believe a word of it.

Ava felt her heart shatter as she watched Lena walk away, the door closing behind her with a finality that seemed to echo through the room. She slumped to the floor, her body feeling heavy with regret and sadness. "No," she whispered to the empty space, her voice thick with unshed tears. "It's not okay."

*006*2025-07-23 18:31

Omg nooo i just havent gotten to the next part yet bc like i couldn’t tell if people liked it 😭

