Pandemic holiday

Author: Dazz

*000*2021-05-10 07:50

This is another one of the stories I wrote on another site, hope you enjoy

So lets set the scene to start with.

It is the summer of the year 2020, to world is in the grip of a global pandemic with countries going in and out of lockdown like its going out of fashion. The chaos and mayhem that people have become used to however is nothing compared to what happened to an unsuspecting 30 year old man on holiday in the UK at a caravan park.

So. It was a Monday morning and Terry and his wife Jessica were getting their two young boys ready for a family trip to a holiday park on the English coast in a rather quick exchange with their usual foreign holiday due to lockdown issues. Terry is a fit young man and what some might refer to as a metrosexual as he was in love with his appearance. As he was getting ready to leave that morning he laid his clothes out on the bed, choosing some tight fitting chinos a nice lacoste t shirt and some white boxer briefs.

The caravan park was about 3 hours away and it was a warm drive all the way to the park. About 2 hours in after everyone drinking loads in the car the decision was taken to stop off at a service station along the way. During this Terry did have a feeling of needing to go but it wasn't too bad so he stayed with one of the boys in the car while his wife took the other for a restroom break in the services. This was Terry's first mistake.

Back in the car on the way to the caravan park Terry felt his urge growing as he could feel the tight chinos pushing into his fairly toned lower abdomen but it did not concern him as they were not far from the site of the park now. Sadly when they arrived they joined a large queue of cars waiting to get into the park and as Terry pulled up behind them his wife said 'we could be waiting for ages' to which Terry replied' I hope not I have been needing a pee for a while now' She then asked if it was bad to which Terry replied 'it is more like a dead weight rather than sore so I should be fine'. The trouble is, as any of us that have been desperate in a car can attest to, if you have a bladder that feels like a dead weight, the minute you stand up your desperation scale can jump from a 5 to a 10 in seconds.

After about half an hour of sitting and chatting Jessica noticed that Terry had his legs fairly tightly pressed together from time to time and she whispered in his ear asking if he was ok? Terry told Jessica that he was really needing to go and would need to find a toilet as soon as they got into the place, not when they get to their caravan as he was reaching a really desperate stage. after 15 mins more of waiting they reached the main gates and were directed to the reception, Terry took this opportunity to ask if there were toilets there to which he was told that there were. Terry said thank God to which his 8 year old son piped up and teased his dad for needing a wee which was just increasing the embarrassment for Terry.

When they arrived at the reception Terry was still in control and still dry but this was not going to last long, being close to relief he had not even stepped out of the car when he felt the first wave of desperation and he pinched the tip of his dick, his wife noticed and asked if he was ok, he asked her to stay with the kids while he went to find a toilet and she asked if he could not wait till they were all ready to which he whispered that he felt like he was about to wet himself.

As he stood and got out of the car it happened, his desperation went from an 8 to a 10 straight away and another wave of desperation came over him as he rushed to the reception area which had a queue outside it with a covid Marshall allowing people in. Terry ran up to the guy and asked if he could get in as he was about to wet himself. The teenage guy looked down at Terry's hand around his bulge and saw a little wet patch and just laughed and said sure. Terry felt another blast of hot piss soak his chinos as his bulge became more and more pronounced as hot piss leaked into his crotch of his chinos and boxer briefs. He rushed into the toilets only to find a small queue of guys standing waiting their turn at the urinal but it was all over, as soon as Terry saw the urinals he just felt his muscles weaken and a slow stream increased to a loud hissing torrent and the other guys turn to see this fit young man pissing himself.

Terry returned to the car much to the amusement of his kids at having wet himself and his wife who looked embarrassed whispered in his ear that she was humiliated but it turned her on that he did it and that when they had time to themselves she would show him how much she enjoyed seeing her husband in that state.

