Emily’s Agony

Author: drxpp

*000*2021-06-21 09:14

<i>How many extra pounds are you holding in water weight? With one simple pill twice a day for a week, you can lose weight fast, no diet or exercise changes required!</i>

Emily should have been more suspicious, should have stopped and read the fine print before jumping on an easy fix. But she didn’t. She wasn’t a big girl, but enough time following models on Instagram and trying to make it as an actress had her constantly comparing her body to other people’s, and had her eager for any solution. Maybe if she could just drop down a little more, she’d be successful and get to quit her boring receptionist job.

The morning she was due to start her new course of pills, Emily woke up late. She didn’t even have time to shower, opting instead for a quick wipe down and a heavy spray of deodorant. If she missed her bus, her manager Leanne would be so pissed, and she needed this job until her acting career took off. At least she didn’t need to think about clothes, when Leanne had made the dress code so strict. Black skirt, white shirt, and a pair of pantyhose with black shoes. Formulaic, boring, but mercifully easy to throw on in a hurry. Once dressed, she downed her regular morning coffee as quickly as she could, only this time, she took the little blue pill with it. It was easy to swallow and tasted like nothing, adding only a few seconds to her routine. If this worked, it would be the best weight loss product in the world. But she didn’t have time to think about that much. If she didn’t want to miss her bus, she had to get going.

It was only once she was on the bus that she realised she had skipped her morning pee. It was fine, though. She only had to wait just over half an hour, and then she could go at work. The slight need was present, but it was easy enough to forget about it as she scrolled through Instagram on her phone.

Ten minutes later though, it was a different story.

The coffee had gone straight through her, and Emily could no longer forget that she needed to pee. She pressed her thighs together and tried to put the thought out of her mind, but it was impossible. Social media wasn’t distracting enough to make her forget that she had to go. Why hadn’t she peed that morning?

It was as if her bladder had been put into fast forward, or perhaps time had been slowed down. Less than five minutes in, she found herself shifting in her seat, crossing and uncrossing her legs with an air of impatience that she hoped other passengers wouldn’t notice. She had even abandoned scrolling, giving up entirely on attempts to distract herself. She wouldn’t hold herself, though. She was a grown woman, not a child, and she didn’t have to pee that badly... even if she would have already gone had a toilet been available, even if she really wanted to grab her pussy.

Her stop was around ten more minutes away. Then she had a five minute walk, and then she could pee. That was easy, right? She could hold it for fifteen minutes.

Nine minutes to her bus stop, and Emily was thinking dry thoughts. Hot climates. Desert sands. Sand turning dark with water spreading out across it, a lake forming- no! She bent forward slightly, every muscle in her body tensing. Could everyone tell she had to pee?

Eight minutes to go. She was breathing a little heavier now, biting her lip and focusing all her attention on keeping her pee inside her. Her bladder kept getting more and more insistent, as if it was being filled up by a tap, and there was no way to turn it off. She squirmed in her seat, wishing her skirt waistband was just a little looser.

Seven minutes. The bus hit a pothole in the road and Emily gasped, grabbing her crotch out of instinct. People could definitely tell she had to go, but so long as she held it all in, that didn’t matter anymore. Better to be the girl on the bus who had to pee than the girl who peed herself on the bus.

Six minutes. She was holding herself still, her bag on her lap in an attempt at subtlety. She had gone past a constant awareness of her need into a state where all she could think about was pissing.

Five. Hands on her pussy, she wiggled and bounced to an internal monologue of ‘gotta pee, gotta pee, fuck fuck FUCK I have to pee, I just want to sit on a toilet and pee pee pee pee PEE’. Her bladder was so heavy and so full inside her, and it screamed for relief.

Four. Another pothole, and this time, her hands couldn’t stop a single droplet of piss from forcing its way out from between her pussy lips. She groaned, ducking her head so her blonde hair fell over her face, hiding her blush but not her need from any onlookers.

Three. The tiny leak had made it all so much worse. What would she do if she pissed herself on the bus? How could she possibly show up to work in pissy pantyhose, the back of her skirt all wet? No, she had to make it. She had to, no matter how much it hurt or how much she needed to go. She could squirm in her seat and try to plug her pee hole with her hands if she had to, just as long as she didn’t pee her panties.

Two. Another leak. She didn’t dare look, but she knew it had made her panties damp. She was so close, so very close, just a little more holding.

One. She stood up in anticipation of her stop, and the sudden addition of gravity made her nearly double over. She crossed her legs, but that didn’t stop a dribble of piss from moistening her panties further.

The bus stopped and Emily had to let go of her crotch momentarily to grab the pole and keep herself upright. In that moment, her bladder contracted and she felt her biggest leak yet, enough to run down her leg in a single, tiny stream. It was only for a second, but it was enough that she almost wept. Was she even going to make it to work?

She shuffled off the bus and the moment her shoe hit the concrete, she let out another leak. Oh fuck. It was about to happen. She had a minute, two tops, before she fully soaked herself. She looked around frantically. Corporate office after corporate fucking office, nowhere in sight with a public bathroom. And there she was in the middle of it all, a twenty four year old woman potty dancing like a child to try and hold back the inevitable.

Outside one of the offices, there was a grass verge with an enormous bush in the centre. It was risky, but it wasn’t as if she had much of a choice. Another spurt into her panties and down her leg made up her mind for her, and with all the grace of an injured baby giraffe, Emily rushed for it.

It was as if her bladder knew that relief was coming, and it couldn’t come soon enough. A stream of pee burst out of her as she fumbled with her pantyhose and skirt, pulling the latter up above her waist just in time to stop it from getting wet as her burning hot piss came spraying out of her. In one motion, she pulled her pantyhose and her panties down and squatted behind the bush, the gushing piss now hitting the grass directly. The sound was almost deafening as it thundered out of her with an almighty hissing, her poor, aching bladder screaming and her pussy tingling. The puddle started to grow around her, too much for the ground to absorb, showing no sign of stopping or slowing for what felt like hours. How had this much liquid physically fit inside her?

Finally, breathless and shaking, Emily felt her bladder fully deflate and her gushing slow to a trickle. With one feeble push, a little more came out, until at last she was finished and reality started to set in again.

She’d just squatted down, her pussy entirely on show, and pissed behind a bush. Her pantyhose and her panties were soaked from her half-accident, and she was still catching her breath from it all. What the hell was wrong with her? But it felt so good to no longer be so desperate, and if she walked quickly, she wouldn’t even be late for work. Her skirt was still miraculously mostly dry although both her panties and her pantyhose were still dripping. She hesitated, then slipped her pantyhose off entirely. She considered taking off her wet panties too, but the idea of going commando was almost as embarrassing as peeing herself. No, she’d just deal with having to wear her peed in panties and hope that as long as no one looked at her legs too closely or picked up on a strange smell, no one at work would know about her totally losing control of her bladder.

She got to her feet and fixed her outfit, then set off walking, leaving behind her miniature lake and her ruined pantyhose, determined to forget about this whole situation. One thing was for sure though - she wouldn’t be forgetting to take a morning piss again.

