College isn’t all bad. Not when Elena Thompson is there.

Author: diaperedskye

*000*2025-04-20 18:05

New story, i know! i’m experimenting with writing alongside using AI to help me describe specific scenarios and give me plot ideas and it’s going so well. This one is definitely going to be fun.

CHAPTER 1: Spiked drinks, oh. And a cute girl has a very messy accident.

The party was in full swing, the bass from the stereo thumped against the walls, sending vibrations through the floorboards. Above the noise, laughter and chatter filled the air, a heady mix of excitement and nerves. Lena, a college freshman with a sparkling smile, had been looking forward to this night all week. She'd spent hours choosing the perfect outfit and doing her makeup just so. Now, standing in the crowded living room, she felt a bit overwhelmed, but mostly she felt alive.

Her new friend, Alex, handed her a red plastic cup filled with a fizzy, blue liquid. "You've got to try this," he shouted over the din. "It's the best concoction I've ever made!"

Lena took a tentative sip. It was sweet, with a hint of something tart that made her taste buds tingle. The coolness of the drink was a welcome respite from the heat of the packed room. She took another, larger sip, savoring the taste. The party swirled around her, a blur of faces and colors, and she felt the beginnings of a buzz.

But then, something changed. Her stomach cramped up, the pain sudden and sharp. She looked down at her cup, the blue liquid sloshing ominously. Her eyes widened, and she knew. Someone had spiked the punch. Panic set in as she searched for Alex to ask for help, but the room spun, and she could barely make out the figures around her.

The bathroom was a distant memory, a blur of faces and shadows. Her legs felt like jelly, and she could feel the warmth spreading through her jeans. She tried to clench her muscles, to hold it in, but the effort was futile. The smell hit her first, a noxious odor that made her stomach churn even more. Then came the sound, the unmistakable splatter on the floor that sent a fresh wave of embarrassment crashing over her. People nearby gasped and stepped away.

The music seemed to fade into the background as the reality of the situation hit her full force. The fabric of her pants grew heavy and wet, clinging to her skin like a second, unwelcome layer. Her cheeks burned with a humiliation so intense it was almost tangible. Her heart pounded in her chest, and she couldn't breathe.

The first load was thick and heavy, dropping with a sickening plop. It was hot, almost scalding, and it was as if she could feel every single piece of it as it fell out of her. The smell grew stronger, a cloying mix of fear and excrement. The people around her had parted, creating an unwelcome spotlight on her mortification. She wanted to shrink into herself, to disappear. But she remained rooted to the spot, unable to move, unable to do anything but feel the warmth spreading down her legs.

The second load was wetter, slipping out of her with a sound that she felt echo through her entire body. Her jeans grew darker, the fabric straining to hold in the mess that was now a part of her. She could feel it seeping into her underwear, the cold fabric a stark contrast to the warmth that had taken over. The floor beneath her was sticky and she could feel it with each step she took.

Each movement sent another little trickle down her legs, a constant reminder of her loss of control. Her eyes filled with tears, blurring the scene around her even further. She stumbled, desperation fueling her attempt to find somewhere to clean up. The floor was slick now, and she almost fell, catching herself just in time.

The third load was a mix of everything, a torrent that seemed never-ending. It was as if her body had turned against her, betraying her in the most intimate way possible. She could feel it running down her thighs, leaving a wet trail on her legs. Her cheeks burned with the effort of holding back sobs as she tried to make her way through the party, the blue drink now a cruel joke.

Each step was a battle, her muscles straining to contain the flow while her body demanded release. She was aware of the stains spreading on the carpet, of the people staring and whispering. The music was a distant throb, the lights a blur of colors that did nothing to mask the horror of her situation. The pressure built again, and she felt another soft, wet blob plop into the mess. Her knees buckled, and she had to lean against the wall to keep from collapsing.

The fourth load was a surprise, a sudden gush that made her gasp. It was cold and slimy, and she could feel it sliding down her legs, pooling at her feet. The fabric of her jeans was stretched to the limit, the seams giving way with a soft tear. The sensation was indescribable, a mix of pain, discomfort, and utter humiliation. She was acutely aware of the warmth spreading down her legs, the sticky wetness that now covered her from the waist down.

Each step was a battle, a dance of trying to keep her balance while avoiding the mess she was making. The floor beneath her was a minefield of potential slips and falls, and she felt like she was moving through molasses, her legs heavy with the weight of her own waste. The smell grew stronger with each movement, a toxic cloud that followed her wherever she went. She could see the looks of revulsion on people's faces, the way they turned away, and she knew that she had become the centre of attention for all the wrong reasons.

And then, in the midst of this nightmare, a hand touched her arm. She flinched, expecting more ridicule, but instead, she heard a soft voice. "Are you okay?" It was a girl she didn't know, with concerned eyes and a gentle touch. The question was like a dam breaking, and suddenly, the tears that had been threatening to spill over her cheeks gushed forth. She couldn't even nod; she could only stand there, sobbing uncontrollably, her whole body shaking with the force of her embarrassment.

The girl looked at her, then down at the mess Lena had made, and her expression didn't change. She didn't look away in disgust or back away in horror. Instead, she wrapped an arm around her, guiding her away from the crowd and the judgmental stares. "It's okay," she whispered, "Let's get you some help." The simple act of kindness was like a warm blanket, wrapping her in a cocoon of comfort amidst the coldness of the situation.

They stumbled into a quieter hallway, the music now a muffled throb. Lena's legs felt like they might give out at any moment, the weight of her soiled pants pulling her down. Her sobs grew louder, the tears falling in hot rivers down her cheeks. "I don't know what's happening," she choked out between gasps for breath. "I think someone spiked my drink."

The girl nodded solemnly. "Let's get you to the bathroom," she said, leading the way with a firm grip on Lena's arm. The journey felt endless, each step a battle against the mortification that threatened to consume her. The walls spun, and the floor tilted beneath her feet, but the girl's calming presence was an anchor in the storm.

When they reached the bathroom, Lena was grateful for the respite from the party's harsh glare. The cool air washed over her, a stark contrast to the warm, sticky mess that clung to her skin. She stumbled into the nearest stall, the door slamming shut behind her with a finality that brought on a fresh wave of tears. She could hear the concerned murmurs of the girl outside, the sound of water running, and the rustle of paper towels.

But as soon as she saw the toilet, her body betrayed her once more. The pressure in her bowels grew unbearable, and with a gush, more waste spilled into her pants, soaking them beyond redemption. She sank to the floor, her legs giving out beneath her, and she sobbed into her hands, her whole body shaking with the effort of holding back the rest. The smell was overwhelming, a potent reminder of her predicament, and she felt the last shreds of dignity slipping away.

The door to the bathroom stall creaked open, and Lena looked up, expecting more laughter or revulsion. But the girl from the party, her savior, peered in, her face a mask of concern rather than disgust. "What's wrong?" she asked softly.

"It won't stop," Lena wailed, her voice muffled by her own palms. She was curled up on the cold tiles, her body convulsing as more of the noxious substance pushed its way out of her. The pressure was unbearable, and with each contraction, she felt another warm blob escape her, adding to the horror that was already there. The girl's eyes widened, but she didn't back away. Instead, she crouched down next to Lena, her hand resting gently on her shoulder.

"It's okay," she said, her voice soothing despite the situation. "Just let it happen. I'm here."

And with that, Lena lost all control. Her body convulsed, and she felt another warm, thick wave fill her pants. She couldn't help but cry out, the sound echoing in the small stall. The girl didn't flinch, just sat beside her, her hand never leaving Lena's shoulder. The smell grew stronger, but she didn't gag or look away. Her presence was the only thing keeping Lena grounded, the only thing keeping her from falling apart completely.

The spurts came slower now, her body seemingly drained of everything it had to give. Each one brought a fresh wave of pain and humiliation, but she couldn't hold it back. It was like a dam had broken, and the flood was relentless. Her cheeks burned with the effort of containing her sobs, the taste of salt in her mouth. She couldn't believe this was happening to her, that she'd gone from a night of excitement to this.

The sound of the toilet paper dispenser echoed in the silence, followed by the soft rustle of paper being pulled. Lena's sobs grew quieter, a feeble attempt to regain some semblance of dignity. But the effort was futile; her dignity had been left on the floor of the crowded party. She felt the warmth spread even further, seeping into her shoes and socks, a stark reminder of the extent of her predicament.

With a final, guttural push, she felt her body release the last of its torment. The explosion was wet and messy, the sound of it unmistakable even amidst the cacophony of the party outside the bathroom door. A series of wet farts escaped her, punctuating the silence like a macabre soundtrack to her humiliation. She bit her lip, trying to muffle the noises, but they slipped out, one after the other, a disgusting symphony of her distress.

The pressure was finally gone, and she slumped against the stall wall, panting with the effort. The girl remained by her side, hand still on her shoulder, a silent beacon of support in the face of Lena's utter degradation. "It's okay," she murmured again, her voice a gentle balm to Lena's bruised ego. "I've got you."

The bathroom was a cocoon of quiet, a stark contrast to the chaos of the party that seemed so far away now. Lena's breathing evened out, the sobs subsiding to hiccups. Her pants were a soggy mess, the fabric heavy with the weight of what she'd lost. The smell was a thick cloud around her, but she was too tired, too drained to care. Her eyes felt swollen and sore, the tears a salty sting on her skin.

Her savior, the girl with the kind eyes, helped her to her feet, her hand firm and steady. The floor was cold against her bare legs, her pants a soggy, useless mess around her ankles. She looked down at the puddle she'd created, a testament to her loss of control. The wet farts had stopped, but the mess remained, a constant reminder of her humiliation. The girl handed her a wad of toilet paper, and Lena took it, her hands shaking as she tried to clean herself up as best as she could.

The girl spoke, her voice a gentle melody in the quiet. "What's your full name?" she asked.

"It's Elena," Lena slurred, taking the wad of paper back with trembling hands. She was trying to clean up, but her movements were clumsy and uncoordinated. The paper was too thin, too inadequate for the task at hand, but she wiped at her legs, smearing the mess rather than removing it. A giggle bubbled up from her chest, a strange reaction to the horror that had unfolded. "But everyone calls me Lena."

The girl took the paper from her, her own hands surprisingly steady. "I'm Ava," she said, her voice a gentle melody in the stark silence of the bathroom. "I'm going to help you clean up, okay?"

Lena nodded, her head feeling like it was filled with cotton. The world tilted as she watched Ava work, her movements efficient and kind. "You're not going to tell anyone, are you?" she slurred, the words slipping out before she could stop them.

Ava looked up, a smile playing on her lips. "Oh, no," she said, her voice light with feigned innocence. "Everyone definitely saw you poop your pants. It's going to be all over campus by morning."

Lena's eyes went wide, the gravity of the situation briefly forgotten in the face of Ava's teasing. "What?" she squeaked, the beginnings of a giggle bubbling up through her tears.

"Oh, totally," Ava said, her smile widening. "It's going to be legendary. The night Lena pooped herself at the Kappa party."

Lena's giggle grew into a full-blown laugh, the absurdity of the situation finally breaking through her pain. The sound was raw and uncontrolled, a mix of hysterical amusement and the residual fear of what had just happened. "You're not serious," she managed to say between hiccups.

"As a heart attack," Ava said, her eyes sparkling with mischief as she worked. "But don't worry, I'll help you clean up. You can just tell everyone it was a really intense dance move."

Lena's laughter turned into a sob-laugh, the kind that hurt in the best way. She was still shaking, but it was less from fear and more from the absurdity of it all. "This is so embarrassing," she whispered, the words catching in her throat.

Ava wiped a tear from Lena's cheek with a gentle thumb. "Hey, it's okay," she said, her voice a soothing lullaby. "You're not the first person to have an accident at a party, and you definitely won't be the last. Besides, it's just a little pee and poo. It's not the end of the world."

Lena looked at her, the seriousness in her eyes almost childlike. "It's not just a little," she whispered, her voice shaking. "It's a lot. It's so much."

Ava's eyes softened, her smile fading to a look of understanding. "I know, hun," she said, using a pet name that somehow didn't feel patronizing. "It's okay. We're going to get you cleaned up."

Lena felt a surge of gratitude for this stranger, this girl who saw her at her absolute worst and still offered kindness. "Thank you," she murmured, her voice barely audible. "I don't know what I'd have done without you."

"You're welcome," Ava said, her tone warm and genuine. "Now, let's get you out of these nasty clothes and into the shower. You're going to feel so much better once you're clean."

Lena nodded, still in a daze, and allowed herself to be led by the hand to Ava's dorm room. The walk through the hallway was a blur of faces and sounds, but she felt strangely detached from it all. Ava's arm was a lifeline in the storm of embarrassment that had become her night.

When they reached the room, Ava helped her out of her soiled clothes, tossing them into a plastic bag she'd produced from somewhere. She helped her shower, even going as far as to hug the small, shaking girl as she cried, her tears mixing with the water, and the remants of her accident being washed down the drain. "You can borrow some of my stuff," she said, after she had gotten the girl out, her voice still calm and soothing. "And I've got some clean towels for you."

Lena nodded gratefully, feeling a weight lift off her shoulders as the last of her dignity slipped away with the pile of clothes. Ava wrapped her in a warm towel while she looked through her stuff for something for her to wear. They were quite different, Ava was tall, at 5'9, while Lena was quite short, standing at only 4'9. Ava handed her a soft, oversized t-shirt and a pair of sweatpants that hung way over her ankles, the ends caressing the soles of her feet, she waited to dry before she would get changed. "Thank you," she murmured, her voice thick with unshed tears.

"No problem," Ava said, her smile reassuring. "You're going to stay with me tonight, okay? I don't want you to be alone in this state."

Lena looked up at her, feeling a fresh wave of embarrassment wash over her. "But what if...what if I do it again?" she whispered, her cheeks flaming. It was a question she never thought she’d have to ask, but right now, she didnt feel safe in herself. Right now, she felt as if the slightest change in the wind could cause all the potty training she thought she had to be whisked down the drain, just like the remnants of her accident.

Ava's smile didn't waver. "You won't," she said firmly. "But if you do, it's just a little pee or poo. Or maybe, like you said, a lot. But to me… It's not the end of the world." She paused, her expression growing more serious. "But I totally get it if you don't want to stay. I can walk you back to your dorm if you'd feel more comfortable."

Lena looked at her, the gravity of the offer weighing on her. Stay with Ava, in her safe, warm room, surrounded by the smell of fresh laundry and the absence of judgment? Or go back to her own room, cold and lonely, with the stink of her own fear and failure lingering in the air? The decision was easy, despite the embarrassment. "Could I stay?" she asked, her voice small and hopeful.

Ava's eyes lit up, and she nodded without hesitation. "Of course," she said, her voice a warm hug. "You'd be doing me a favor, actually. I hate sleeping alone after a big party."

Lena felt a flicker of relief, but it was quickly doused by a fresh wave of anxiety. "But what if I mess the bed?" she whispered, her eyes wide with fear. She hadn’t had an accident in her sleep since..well, the last time she had drank. But she hadn’t messed the bed in such a long time. Then again. She hadn’t messed herself, full stop, in a long time too. Until tonight.

Ava laughed, the sound almost like a calm torrent of music to Lena's frayed nerves. "Then we'll clean it up," she said with a shrug. "It's just a little mess. Nothing we can't handle."

Lena felt a weight lift from her chest at Ava's words. It was as if the girl had read her mind, had seen the fear and the embarrassment that were coiled up inside her, and had decided to tackle them head-on. She nodded, her voice shaky. "Okay," she said, clutching the towel tighter around her. "I'll stay."

Ava beamed, leading her over to the bed. The mattress sank slightly as Ava sat down, patting the spot next to her. "Come on," she said, her voice coaxing. "Let's talk a little, and then we can get you into something more comfortable."

Lena's legs felt like jelly as she sat down, the towel still clutched around her. She looked at Ava, her eyes wide and filled with a mix of embarrassment and hope. Ava leaned back, propping herself up on her elbows, her eyes searching Lena's face. "So," she began, her tone conversational, "What's your major?"

Lena took a deep breath, trying to calm the storm of emotions that were swirling inside her. "Performing arts," she said, her voice barely above a whisper. "I love acting, singing, theatre...it's just...it's who I am."

Ava's eyes lit up. "That's amazing!" she exclaimed. "I've always admired people who can just get up on stage and be someone else. I'm more of a behind-the-scenes type myself."

Lena managed a small smile, feeling a bit of her old self seeping back into the cracks of her shattered confidence. "Yeah, I love it," she said, her voice a little stronger now. "It's like escaping into another world."

Ava's eyes were bright with curiosity as she sat up, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. "What's your favorite play?" she asked, her tone genuinely interested.

Lena's mind raced, trying to focus on anything but the sticky mess she had just left behind in the bathroom. "Um...I'd have to say 'Rent,'" she replied, her voice a little more steady now. "There's just something about the music, the story, it all feels so raw and real."

Ava's eyes lit up. "Oh, I love 'Rent'!" she exclaimed, her enthusiasm contagious. "Which character do you relate to the most?"

Lena thought for a moment, then shrugged. "Probably Mimi," she said, her voice a little louder now. "She's got this fire in her, you know? This strength, even though she's going through something so terrible. It's inspiring."

Ava nodded, her gaze lingering on Lena's bare shoulders, the soft curve of her neck. "You've got that fire too," she said softly, her eyes meeting Lena's. "I can see it."

Lena's cheeks flushed at the compliment, her eyes dropping to the bed. "Thanks," she murmured, the word barely leaving her lips.

Ava reached out and took Lena's hand, giving it a gentle squeeze. "You're welcome," she said, her voice a warm caress. "Now, tell me, what's it like being up on stage? I've always wanted to know."

Lena took a deep breath, her eyes focusing on Ava's hand, the warmth of it a stark contrast to the coldness that had gripped her heart. "It's like...flying," she said, a dreamy look coming over her face. "You're not just you anymore; you're this...this character. And everyone's watching you, but it's not about you anymore. It's about the story you're telling."

Ava's smile grew, and she gave Lena's hand a gentle squeeze. "You know, I always thought that's what it would be like," she said, her eyes searching Lena's. "To be so lost in something that nothing else matters."

Lena's cheeks grew even warmer at the compliment, and she couldn't help but feel a flutter in her stomach. "It's...it's amazing," she said, her voice a little stronger now. "When I'm up there, I'm not just Lena anymore. I'm...I'm someone else entirely."

Ava leaned in a little closer, her eyes searching Lena's. "You're pretty amazing," she said, her voice barely above a whisper. Lena felt a shiver run down her spine, and she didn't dare to move, didn't dare to break the moment.

"Thanks," she murmured, her eyes locked on Ava's. "But right now, I feel like anything but amazing."

Ava leaned in, her breath warm against Lena's cheek. "You're wrong," she said, her voice a gentle purr. "You're beautiful, even like this."

Lena's eyes widened, and she felt a blush creep up her neck. "What?" she whispered, her voice barely audible.

Ava leaned back, a playful smile playing on her lips. "Oh, come on," she said, her voice teasing. "You're so pretty. And you're being all shy and sweet about it, which just makes you cuter."

Lena felt the blush deepen, her eyes dropping to the bedspread. "I'm not pretty," she mumbled, the lie feeling thick on her tongue.

"Oh, don't be silly," Ava said, her voice light. "You're gorgeous. You've got this...this glow about you."

Lena's cheeks flushed even more at the compliment. "Thanks," she murmured, her eyes still on the bed.

Ava leaned in closer, her eyes sparkling with mischief. "You're not so bad, stop judging yourself," she said, her gaze traveling over Lena's bare legs. "I mean, you're practically naked in front of me right now, and you're still the prettiest girl I've seen all night."

Lena's eyes widened in surprise, her hand flying to her mouth to cover a gasp. "What are you saying?" she managed to squeak out, her heart racing.

Ava leaned back, her smile growing more playful. "I'm saying that you're beautiful, Lena," she said, her eyes never leaving the other girl's. "And that you shouldn't sell yourself short." She paused, a small smirk growing. "Even if you are.. quite short, like… Adorably short."

Lena's blush grew even darker, her heart racing. "Thanks," she murmured, not sure how to respond. "But what about you?" she asked, trying to change the subject. "What's your major?"

Ava leaned back, a playful glint in her eye. "I'm a psychology major," she said, her smile widening. "So, I'm basically a professional mind-reader."

Lena couldn't help but laugh, the sound a little shaky, but real. "Good to know," she said, her eyes still on the bed.

Ava's smile grew wider. "So, tell me," she said, leaning back against the headboard. "What's it like to be the belle of the ball?"

Lena couldn't help but laugh, the sound a little more genuine than before. "It's a lot of work," she said, her voice still a little shaky. "But it's also a lot of fun."

Ava leaned back against the headboard, her eyes never leaving Lena's. "You must be really good at it," she said, her voice a little softer now. "I can totally see you up there, just...shining."

Lena felt a warmth spread through her chest at the words, her cheeks still a deep shade of red. "Thanks," she murmured, her eyes dropping to her lap. "I just try to do my best."

Ava leaned in a little closer, her smile mischievous. "So, you're not just a pretty face," she said, her eyes twinkling. "You've got talent too."

Lena couldn't help but giggle, the alcohol making her feel lighter, despite the heavy weight of her situation. "I guess so," she said, her voice a little tipsy. "But tonight, I'm just...a mess."

Ava leaned in closer, her smile never faltering. "Oh, don't say that," she said, her eyes sparkling with something that made Lena's stomach do flips. "You're still the belle of the ball to me."

Lena took a shaky breath, her heart racing. "Thanks," she murmured, not sure how to respond to the sudden turn of the conversation. Ava was so pretty, with her dark hair and her green eyes that seemed to see right through her.

*001*2025-04-21 13:33

CHAPTER 2: Accidents happen, though it seems only to me.

Lena took a shaky breath, her heart racing. "Thanks," she murmured, not sure how to respond to the sudden turn of the conversation. Ava was so pretty, with her dark hair and her green eyes that seemed to see right through her.

Ava leaned back, her eyes twinkling. "So, Lena, tell me," she said, her voice a little too casual, "are you a wild child? Do you like to party hard?"

Lena giggled, feeling the warmth of the shower still clinging to her skin. "I don't know," she said, her voice still shaky. "Tonight's been...eventful."

Ava leaned in closer, her eyes dancing with amusement. "Oh, I bet," she said, her voice a purr. "So, tell me, what's your wildest party trick?"

Lena's eyes went wide, and she giggled nervously. "I...I don't know," she said, her cheeks flaming. "I'm not that wild."

Ava's smile grew. "Come on," she said, her voice a seductive whisper. "You've already had the party's biggest 'oops' moment. What could possibly be wilder than that?"

Lena looked at her, a mix of shock and amusement on her face. "I don't know," she slurred, trying to keep her voice steady. "I'm pretty sure that's the wildest thing that's ever happened to me."

Ava leaned in closer, her eyes sparkling with mischief. "Oh, I don't know about that," she said, her voice low and playful. "You haven't seen my party tricks yet."

Lena giggled, the alcohol making her feel a bit more relaxed. "You're not going to do anything crazy, are you?" she asked, her eyes wide with curiosity.

Ava leaned in closer, her eyes sparkling. "Who, me?" she said, her voice a playful purr. "I'm an angel. I'm just here to help you forget about your little...accident." She paused, a mischievous smile playing on her lips. "But, if you're feeling adventurous, I've got a little something that might take the edge off."

Lena looked at her, her eyes wide with curiosity. "What do you mean?" she slurred, her voice thick with alcohol.

Ava's smile grew, her eyes never leaving Lena's. "Well, I was just thinking," she began, her tone a playful drawl. "You're already pretty wild, what with the whole...unexpected bathroom break." She paused, her eyes sparkling with mischief. "But if you're looking to take it up a notch, I've got just the thing."

Lena looked at her, a mix of curiosity and confusion on her face. "What's that?" she slurred, the alcohol making her voice thick.

Ava leaned back, her smile mischievous. "Oh, just a little something to help you relax," she said, her eyes sparkling. "You know, after the...shall we say, 'exciting' night you've had."

Lena's eyes widened, and she couldn't help but feel a little thrill at Ava's words. "What do you have in mind?" she asked, her voice still shaky.

Ava reached into her nightstand and pulled out a small, metal pipe and a bag of what looked like weed. "Just a little something to take the edge off," she said, her smile wicked. "But only if you're up for it."

Lena's eyes widened, the room spinning slightly. She'd never tried anything like this before, but she was feeling reckless, like she had nothing left to lose. "Okay," she murmured, her voice barely above a whisper. "But only a little."

Ava's smile grew, and she leaned back against the headboard. "Don't worry," she said, her eyes on the pipe. "I've got you."

Lena watched as Ava packed the pipe, her eyes on the girl's nimble fingers. "Are you sure this is a good idea?" she asked, her voice still thick with alcohol.

Ava looked up at her, her eyes gleaming with mischief. "Oh, come on," she said, her voice a seductive whisper. "You've already had the most embarrassing thing happen to you tonight. What could possibly go wrong?"

Lena couldn't help but giggle, the situation seeming almost surreal. "You're crazy," she murmured, her eyes on the pipe.

Ava shrugged, her smile widening. "Maybe," she said, her voice low and playful. "But that's what makes me fun." She held the pipe out to Lena. "So, what do you say? Want to get a little wild?"

Lena took it, her hand trembling. "Okay," she whispered, the word barely escaping her lips. She took a small drag, the smoke filling her lungs and making her cough. Ava leaned in, her hand gentle on Lena's back as she offered her water.

"Easy," she murmured, her eyes shining with amusement. "Just take it slow."

Lena took another hit, the smoke curling around her like a warm embrace, filling her lungs and making her head spin. She handed the pipe back to Ava, who took it with a knowing smile. "So, Miss World Performer," Ava began, her eyes sparkling. "How many languages do you speak?"

Lena giggled, her eyes glazed over. "Three," she said, her words slurring slightly. "English, obviously, Spanish, and Tamil."

Ava raised an eyebrow, a smirk playing on her lips as she took a drag from the pipe. "Tamil?" she asked, her voice teasing. "That's pretty impressive. Most people I know can barely handle English. Talk about a party trick. Though i’m sure you could one up.. what you did today."

Lena giggled, the smoke making her feel even lighter. "Thanks," she murmured, her eyes glazed over. "But it's not like I can just...poop in Tamil."

Ava burst out laughing, her eyes sparkling. "Oh my god, that would be amazing," she said, her voice filled with mirth. "Can you imagine? Just letting it all out in another language?"

Lena couldn't help but laugh too, the tension in her body easing slightly. "Yeah," she said, her voice still a little shaky. "That would be something."

Ava took another drag from the pipe, her eyes never leaving Lena's. "So, tell me," she said, her voice low and a little bit smoky. "What's it like to be so...worldly?"

Lena giggled, the warmth from the shower and the weed combining to make her feel like she was floating. "It's just...different," she said, her eyes half-lidded. "It's like I have these different parts of me, you know?"

Ava nodded, her eyes still on Lena's face. "I totally get it," she said, her voice a warm purr. "You're like a...a chameleon. You can just blend into any situation."

Lena giggled, the weed making her feel a bit more relaxed. "I guess," she said, her voice still a little slurred. "But sometimes it's hard, you know? Sometimes I feel like I'm just pretending."

Ava leaned in closer, her eyes searching Lena's. "You're not pretending," she said, her voice soft. "You're just...adapting." She paused, taking another drag from the pipe. "But hey, if you want to keep playing it safe, I totally get it." She handed the pipe back to Lena, who took it tentatively.

Lena took another hit, her eyes watering a little. "I don't know," she murmured, the smoke making her feel dizzy. "Maybe I should just stick to what I know."

Ava leaned in closer, her eyes sparkling. "Oh, come on," she said, her voice a gentle coax. "You're already wild, just admit it."

Lena giggled, feeling the weed start to take hold of her senses. "Okay," she murmured, her cheeks flaming. "Maybe just a little."

Ava leaned back, a knowing smile playing on her lips. "Atta girl," she said, her eyes never leaving Lena's. "Now, tell me something wild about yourself. Something that no one else knows."

Lena took a deep breath, her heart racing. The alcohol and weed had loosened her tongue, and she felt like she could tell Ava anything. "Well," she began, her voice a little slurred, "I used to wear diapers during performances."

Ava's eyes widened, and she leaned in closer, her smile playful. "Diapers?" she repeated, her voice a mix of surprise and amusement. "What do you mean?"

Lena nodded, her cheeks still a deep shade of red. "Stage fright," she mumbled, her voice thick with alcohol and the haze of the weed. "I'd just... I'd just pee myself every time. It was so embarrassing."

Ava's smile grew, her eyes sparkling with a mix of amusement and something else. "Diapers, huh?" she said, her voice a low purr. "Well, that's definitely not something I would have guessed." She took another hit from the pipe, her eyes never leaving Lena's. "So, what was it like?" she asked, her voice curious. "Wearing diapers on stage?"

Lena felt a fresh wave of embarrassment wash over her, the weed making her feel even more exposed than she already was. "It was...it was just something I had to do," she murmured, her eyes on the bedspread. "It was better than...this."

Ava leaned in closer, her smile a little more gentle now. "Don't be embarrassed, Elena," she said, her voice soothing. "Everyone's got their quirks. And if diapers are what helped you shine up there, then who's to say they're not a part of your charm?"

Lena looked at her, the room spinning slightly. "Thanks," she murmured, her eyes on the pipe. "But it's not like I still need them."

Ava took the pipe, her expression growing a little more serious. "You know," she said, her eyes searching Lena's, "maybe you do." She took a long drag, the smoke swirling around them. "I mean, you just had a...mishap."

Lena's eyes widened, and she felt a fresh wave of embarrassment. "What are you saying?" she asked, her voice a little slurred.

Ava took a drag from the pipe and exhaled slowly, the smoke curling around her in a hypnotic dance. "I'm just saying," she began, her eyes never leaving Lena's, "that maybe there's something to those diapers. They kept you dry during performances, right?"

Lena felt a knot form in her stomach at the reminder of her past humiliation, but Ava's voice was gentle, almost...understanding. "Yeah," she murmured, her cheeks flaming. "But I'm not a baby anymore."

Ava took another drag, her eyes never leaving Lena's. "No, you're not," she said, her voice a little softer. "But maybe...maybe there's something to them. Something that could help you feel more...secure." She paused, watching the emotions play across Lena's face. "I mean, think about it," she continued, her eyes searching Lena's. "You're up there, in the spotlight, and you know that no matter what happens, you're protected."

Lena's eyes widened, and she felt a strange mix of emotions: embarrassment, vulnerability, but also a strange sense of comfort. "But...but I don't wear diapers anymore," she whispered, her voice barely above a breath.

Ava took the pipe from her mouth and leaned in closer, her eyes never leaving Lena's. "So what if you did?" she said, her voice a gentle whisper. "What's wrong with that?"

Lena's heart raced, her cheeks burning. "But...it's just..." she trailed off, not sure how to put it into words.

"Honest?" Ava suggested, her voice still low and gentle. "I think it's incredibly brave, Lena. You're admitting your fears, and you're doing something about it. That's more than most people can say."

Lena stared at her, the room spinning a little from the weed and the weight of Ava's words. "But...it's not exactly something you tell people at parties," she murmured, her eyes dropping to her lap.

"Why not?" Ava asked, her voice still gentle. "I think it's pretty cool. You're like...super prepared."

Lena couldn't help but chuckle at that, the tears that had been threatening to spill over now a distant memory. "I guess you could say that," she murmured, taking a deep breath.

"Come here," Ava said softly, reaching out to pull Lena closer. "You don't have to be embarrassed around me."

Lena's eyes flickered around with worry, panic, and yet.. she felt a strange warmth spread through her at Ava's gentle touch. The room felt a little less spinny, a little more...comfortable.

"Let me help," Ava whispered, her voice soothing, as she began to run her fingers through Lena's hair. The act was so tender, so maternal, that Lena couldn't help but lean into it. Her eyes fell shut, and she felt the tension in her shoulders melt away as Ava's fingers found the knots and carefully worked them out.

The sensation of Ava's fingers against her scalp was heavenly, and Lena felt her body begin to relax, the weight of the night's events slowly lifting away. It was as if Ava was peeling back the layers of embarrassment and fear that had wrapped themselves around her, leaving only the core of who she was: a girl who loved to perform, who was passionate and strong.

"Thanks," Lena murmured, her eyes still closed, feeling the warmth of Ava's body against her. "This... this is really nice."

Ava's smile grew, and she tightened her arms around Lena's shoulders. "I'm glad," she said, her voice a gentle purr. "You deserve it after the night you've had." She leaned in, her breath warm against Lena's ear. "Do you trust me?"

Lena's eyes fluttered open, meeting Ava's. They were so close, their faces almost touching. "Yes," she murmured, her voice barely a whisper.

Ava's smile grew, and she pulled Lena closer, wrapping her arms around her waist. "Good," she said, her voice a gentle purr. "Because I've got a little...surprise for you."

With surprising strength, Ava lifted Lena up and pulled her onto her lap, her legs cradling Lena's hips. Lena's eyes went wide with surprise, but she didn't protest, the alcohol and weed making her feel pliant. Ava leaned back against the headboard, her arms still around Lena's waist as she began to run her fingers through her hair, her touch surprisingly gentle. Lena let out a sigh of relief, the tension in her shoulders melting away as Ava's fingers worked through the knots, her eyes dropping shut again.

The feeling of Ava's hands on her was heavenly, and Lena felt a strange sense of comfort that she hadn't felt in a long time. It was like Ava knew exactly what she needed, and she didn't question it, just let herself be taken care of. She could feel the gentle rise and fall of Ava's chest beneath her, the steady beat of her heart a soothing rhythm that helped to calm her racing thoughts.

With her eyes closed, Lena focused on the sensation of Ava's fingers moving through her hair, gently loosening the knots and tangles that had formed from the stress of the night. Each stroke was like a whispered promise that everything was going to be okay, that she wasn't alone in this mess. She leaned into the touch, her body relaxing against Ava's warmth.

But as the minutes ticked by and the tension in her muscles began to unravel, she became aware of another sensation, one she had been trying to ignore. Her stomach gurgled, and she felt a faint pressure building down below. At first, it was just a little fart, so faint that she almost didn't notice it. But then another one followed, a little louder this time. Her cheeks flushed with embarrassment, she opened her eyes and looked around, hoping Ava hadn't heard.

But Ava's eyes were still closed, her smile serene as she continued her ministrations. Lena took a deep breath, trying to ignore the feeling, but it grew stronger, more insistent. She felt a sudden warmth spreading through her, and she realized with a start that she had just soiled herself again. Panic set in, her heart racing as she tensed up, but Ava's grip on her waist tightened reassuringly.

"It's okay," Ava murmured, her voice still gentle. "Just...let it go."

Lena's eyes shot open, and she stared at Ava in horror. "What?" she gasped, her voice a little too loud in the quiet room.

Ava's eyes opened, and she met Lena's gaze, her smile still in place. "It's okay," she said softly, her eyes understanding. "Just...let it happen. You're safe here."

Lena's cheeks burned with humiliation as she felt another, larger release. She couldn't believe this was happening again, but Ava's calming presence kept her from bolting. The smell filled the room, a stark contrast to the sweet scent of the candles, and she tensed up, her body trying to hold back the inevitable.

The pressure grew, and she felt the warmth spreading down her legs, soaking into the borrowed sweatpants. It was a strange sensation, one she had become all too familiar with over the past few hours. Her body felt like it was betraying her, but Ava's gentle touch was a reassurance that she wasn't alone in this.

With a gasp, Lena felt the first spasm, the muscles in her stomach tightening before releasing. Ava's eyes remained closed, but her hands moved to Lena's abdomen, her thumbs circling gently as she whispered, "It's okay, just let it happen."

The pressure grew, the pain with it, and Lena's body tensed, fighting the inevitable. But Ava's voice remained soft and steady, "Just relax, let it go. It's natural, and I'm here with you."

Lena felt the first, slow release, a hot, thick wave of embarrassment washing over her as her bowels emptied. It was a painful, burning sensation, as if her body were expelling something toxic, something she'd been carrying around for too long. Ava's eyes remained closed, her expression calm, her fingers now rubbing gentle circles on Lena's stomach. "Good," she murmured, her voice a comforting balm. "Just keep breathing."

The smell grew stronger, the pressure more intense, and Lena couldn't help but whimper. She felt like she was losing control, her body betraying her in the worst possible way. But Ava's hands remained firm, her voice a soothing presence that kept her grounded. "It's okay," she whispered, her breath warm against Lena's ear. "You're okay."

Lena took a deep breath and did as Ava said, pushing down. The sensation was like nothing she'd ever felt before, a mix of relief and pain that made her want to curl up into a ball. But Ava was there, her gentle hands on Lena's stomach, guiding her through it. "Just keep breathing," Ava murmured, her voice a calming mantra. "You're doing great."

With each push, Lena felt the pressure build and then release, the warmth spreading down her legs, soaking into the soft fabric of the sweatpants. It was a strange, almost out-of-body experience, as if she were watching someone else go through this. But the pain was real, and she gritted her teeth, trying not to cry out.

Ava's hands on her stomach grew more insistent, her voice a gentle coax. "It's okay," she whispered, her eyes still closed. "Just let it go. It's what your body needs."

Lena felt the tension in her abdomen build to a crescendo, the muscles in her stomach tightening and then releasing in a slow, agonizing wave. She couldn't believe she was doing this in front of someone she'd just met, someone who was supposed to be a stranger. But Ava's calmness was infectious, and she found herself taking deep breaths, focusing on the warmth of Ava's hands on her skin.

With each contraction, the pressure grew, a thick, heavy burden that she had to push out of her body. She felt the warmth spread down her legs, the fabric of the sweatpants growing damp and sticky. The smell grew stronger, a mix of fear and something else, something primal and raw. But Ava didn't flinch, her hands continuing their gentle, rhythmic motion, urging Lena to release what was trapped inside.

"Why?" Lena managed to ask through clenched teeth, her body fighting against the urge to let go.

Ava's eyes remained closed, her face a picture of calm. "Because you're not a burden," she murmured. "You're just...human." Her thumbs pressed into the taut skin of Lena's stomach, the pressure gentle yet insistent. "You don't have to hide it from me."

Lena's breath hitched as another wave of pain washed over her, her body's protest against the unwanted release. But Ava's words, coupled with the rhythmic pressure, began to soothe her. She felt a strange sense of...acceptance, as if the act of letting go of this humiliating secret was somehow freeing. "I don't understand," she whispered, her voice tight with the effort of holding back.

Ava's eyes remained closed, but she leaned in, her breath warm against Lena's neck. "Because it's who you are," she murmured, her voice low and steady. "And I like who you are."

Lena felt another spasm, the pain almost unbearable, but Ava's hands were there, guiding her through it. "Just push, Lena," she said, her voice a gentle coax. "Let it all out."

Lena's body obeyed, the muscles in her abdomen tightening and then releasing in a slow, painful wave. Ava's thumbs pressed into her stomach, setting a rhythm that matched the spasms, urging her to keep going. The warmth grew between her legs, the fabric sticking to her skin, but she couldn't focus on the humiliation. All she could do was listen to Ava's voice, feel her touch, and push through the pain.

"Why?" she choked out, her eyes squeezed shut, her cheeks burning with embarrassment. "Why are you okay with this?"

Ava's eyes snapped open, a look of understanding crossing her features. She leaned in closer, her breath a gentle caress against Lena's ear. "Because you're a good girl," she murmured, her voice a low, soothing hum. "And good girls go in their pants when it all gets too much."

Lena's eyes widened, the pain and embarrassment momentarily forgotten as she took in Ava's words. The gentle pressure on her stomach grew firmer, Ava's hands moving in a slow, steady rhythm that seemed to sync with the spasms that wracked her body. "Just push, Lena," she urged, her voice a soft whisper. "Let it all out. It's okay."

The pressure was unbearable, a thick, heavy burden that she couldn't hold in any longer. With a strangled gasp, she felt the muscles in her stomach tighten and then release, sending another hot, painful wave down her legs. The fabric of the sweatpants grew wetter, sticking to her skin, and she felt the warmth spreading, pooling beneath her. Ava's hands never stopped moving, her thumbs pressing into the taut skin of Lena's abdomen, guiding her through the mortifying ordeal.

"It's okay," Ava murmured, her voice a gentle coo, her eyes never leaving Lena's face. "You're okay. Just keep pushing, you can do it."

Lena's body tensed and then relaxed in a series of agonizing spasms, each one pushing more of the foul mess out of her. She could feel it spreading down her legs, the warmth and wetness seeping into the fabric of the sweatpants. Her face was a mask of pain and embarrassment, but Ava's expression remained calm and reassuring. The room was thick with the smell, but Ava didn't seem to care. She just kept rubbing Lena's stomach, her fingers pressing in time with the spasms.

"It's okay, Lena," Ava whispered, her voice a gentle lullaby. "You're okay. Just let it go. I'm here."

Lena felt the warmth spread down her legs, the fabric of the sweatpants now completely soaked. She bit her lip, trying to hold back the tears that threatened to spill over. Ava's hands were firm and steady, her thumbs pressing into Lena's stomach in a way that was both painful and comforting. The spasms grew stronger, her body convulsing with each push. But Ava's eyes never left hers, her expression one of calm acceptance.

"Why?" Lena managed to ask again, her voice a hoarse whisper. "Why are you...okay with this?"

Ava's smile grew, and she leaned closer, her breath warm against Lena's ear. "Because you're adorable when you're in need," she murmured, her voice a gentle tease. "And because everyone needs a little help sometimes."

Her thumbs pressed into Lena's abdomen again, setting a steady rhythm that matched the spasms. "Just push," she coaxed. "It's okay, let it all out. I'm here to take care of you."

Lena felt her cheeks burn with a mix of embarrassment and relief. She didn't understand why Ava was acting this way, why she wasn't repulsed by the mess she was making, but she couldn't argue with the way it made her feel. The gentle pressure of Ava's fingers on her stomach was a lifeline, a reminder that she wasn't alone in this. She took a deep breath and pushed again, the pain giving way to a strange sense of release as more of the mess spilled out of her.

The fabric of the sweatpants clung to her skin, the wetness seeping into her thighs, but Ava's touch remained firm and reassuring. "Good girl," she murmured, her voice a gentle encouragement. "Just let it all out." Lena's eyes squeezed shut, and she leaned into the touch, the pain slowly subsiding as she emptied herself. It was as if she was purging more than just her bowels; she was releasing the fear and tension that had been building inside her all night.

With each push, she could feel the knots in her stomach loosening, the tightness in her chest easing. Ava's fingers moved in a soothing pattern, pressing into her abdomen in time with the spasms, and she couldn't help but feel a strange sense of...gratitude. Here was someone who not only accepted her in this vulnerable state but seemed to find it endearing, even arousing.

Lena's cheeks burned with a mix of embarrassment and confusion as she felt the final wave of her bowels empty. Ava's hands didn't stop moving, though, continuing to rub her stomach in gentle circles even as the last of it was expelled. The fabric clung to her skin, heavy with the weight of her secret, but she didn't feel the need to hide anymore. She was safe here, in this stranger's arms, who had seen her at her worst and still offered her comfort.

"It's okay," Ava whispered, her voice a gentle breeze in the quiet room. "You're all done now." She helped Lena to stand, her legs feeling wobbly and weak beneath her. The sweatpants hung limp around her, a soggy reminder of her loss of control. But Ava didn't seem to care. She took Lena's hand and led her to the bathroom, the light from the hallway spilling into the dim room.

The bathroom was a stark contrast to the warmth of the dorm. The fluorescent lights flickered, casting harsh shadows on the tiles. But Ava's grip was firm, her eyes never leaving Lena's as she helped her sit on the toilet. Lena could feel the mess seeping through the fabric and onto the cold seat, but she didn't have the strength to protest. Ava reached for a pack of wet wipes on the shelf and began to clean her up, her movements slow and deliberate.

Lena's cheeks burned as Ava peeled the soiled sweatpants from her legs, revealing the stained panties and the mess that had soiled them. She couldn't believe this was happening, that she was here, barely dressed, with a stranger caring for her. But the weed had her feeling detached, like she was watching it all unfold from a distance. Her thoughts swam in a haze of disbelief and a strange, buzzing numbness.

Ava knelt before her, her eyes never leaving Lena's, her touch surprisingly tender. "You okay?" she asked, her voice a gentle purr.

Lena nodded, the world still spinning slightly from the weed and the intensity of the experience. She felt...exposed, vulnerable. But also, inexplicably, a sense of relief. She looked down at herself, at the soiled panties and the mess that clung to her thighs. "I think so," she murmured, her voice a little shaky. "I...I just can't believe this is happening."

Ava's smile grew, and she leaned in closer, her breath a warm caress against Lena's skin. "Why not?" she whispered, her eyes dancing with mischief. "You're perfect, just as you are."

Lena's cheeks grew even redder, the heat rising to her ears. "It's not exactly what I was expecting," she said, her voice trembling slightly.

Ava chuckled, her eyes sparkling with humor. "Life rarely is," she said, her voice gentle. "But hey, at least you're not alone." She gently wiped Lena's thighs with the wet wipes, her movements surprisingly tender.

Lena stared at her, the room spinning a little more with each pass of the wet wipes. She felt a bubble of hysterical laughter rising in her chest, the absurdity of the situation suddenly hitting her. "You're not...disgusted?" she asked, her voice trembling with a mix of shock and relief.

Ava's smile grew, and she shook her head, her eyes twinkling. "Why would I be?" she asked, her voice a gentle coo. "You're just...being normal. Not holding anything back." She tossed the soiled wipes into the trash and reached for a fresh one. "Besides," she added with a wink, "I've seen worse."

Lena's eyes widened, and she couldn't help the giggle that bubbled up from her chest. "What could be worse than this?" she asked, the absurdity of the situation hitting her like a wave.

Ava's smile grew, and she shrugged. "Oh, you'd be surprised," she said, her voice playful. "But let's just focus on you right now." She gently lifted Lena's hips and slid the wet, soiled panties down her legs, tossing them into the trash with the wipes.

Lena couldn't decide if she should be mortified or grateful. She was sitting on the toilet, nearly naked, with a stranger who had just watched her lose control of her bladder and bowels. But there was something oddly comforting about Ava's presence, something that made her feel less alone in her humiliation.

Her panties were a mess, a soggy, stinking reminder of her lack of control. She stared down at them, feeling the stickiness of her own waste against her skin, and she realized she wasn't just high from the weed anymore. There was something else, a strange thrill that coursed through her veins, making her heart race.

Ava's eyes met hers in the mirror, a knowing smile playing on her lips. "Feeling better?" she asked, her voice teasing.

Lena's cheeks flushed even deeper, the embarrassment warring with the strange thrill that pulsed through her. "I don't know," she murmured, her voice shaky. She couldn't decide if she wanted to laugh or cry. The absurdity of the situation was almost too much to handle.

Ava's smile grew, and she leaned in closer, her eyes sparkling with mischief. "Well," she said, her voice a soft purr, "you've done it twice now. Maybe those diapers weren't such a bad idea after all."

Lena's eyes went wide, her mouth dropping open in shock. She couldn't believe Ava was teasing her about this, especially after everything she'd just gone through. But the words didn't sting as much as she thought they would. Instead, they brought a strange warmth to her cheeks, a feeling that was a mix of embarrassment and something else entirely.

"I...I don't know," she stuttered, her voice thick with the unshed tears that threatened to spill over. The room spun a little faster, the edges of her vision blurring as she tried to process Ava's words. "Maybe?"

