College isn’t all bad. Not when Elena Thompson is there.

Author: diaperedskye

*007*2025-09-06 02:04

Chapter 6: Arguments and Apologies. Ava thinks Lena’s accidents are cute?

Alone in the room, the smell of her own mess seemed to mock her, a cruel reminder of the moment she had pushed Lena too far. She had wanted to understand, to bridge the gap between them, but instead, she had only driven them apart. Ava's mind raced, replaying every word they had said, every moment they had shared. The realization that she had hurt Lena, that she had made her feel like a dirty secret, was like a punch to the gut.

Her thoughts swirled like a tornado, a storm of regret and sadness. She had been so caught up in her own desire to relate, to be a part of Lena's world, that she hadn't stopped to think about the implications of her actions. The sight of Lena's retreating back, the sound of the door closing, echoed in her mind like a never-ending nightmare. It was as if the very foundation of their relationship had crumbled beneath her feet, leaving her standing in the wreckage.

Ava sat there, her legs drawn up to her chest, the weight of her own mess a stark reminder of the weight of her guilt. She had hurt Lena, the one person she had promised to care for, to support, and it was tearing her apart. The room felt suffocating, the walls closing in around her as she replayed their conversation, her own words stinging like a thousand bees. She had been so focused on her own needs that she had forgotten the most important rule of caretaking: it was about Lena's comfort, not her own. Her opinion shouldn’t have entered so harshly, or maybe, at all.

With trembling hands, Ava pushed herself to her feet, her legs wobbly from the effort. She needed to clean up, to wash away the evidence of her thoughtlessness. She stumbled to the bathroom, her eyes blurry with tears. She turned the shower on full blast, the water scalding hot as she stepped under the spray. It stung her skin, a punishment for her lack of understanding.

As the water rinsed away the mess, she felt a part of her own dignity wash down the drain with it. Her body convulsed with sobs, the sound of the water mixing with her cries. She had never felt so low, so dirty. She had hurt Lena, and she didn't know how to fix it. The warmth of the water turned cold, the chill seeping into her bones as she realized the depth of her mistake.

Finally, she turned off the shower, her body shivering from the cold and the weight of her guilt. She stepped out, wrapping a towel around herself, the fabric rough against her sensitive skin. She knew she had to find Lena, to explain, to apologize. Maybe, just maybe, she could fix this.

Ava rummaged through the pile of clean clothes Lena had brought over and found a fresh pair of jeans and a sweater. She pulled them on, feeling the warmth of the fabric envelop her, a stark contrast to the coldness of her heart. She took a deep breath, trying to compose herself. "You can do this," she murmured to her reflection in the mirror, her eyes red and puffy from crying. "You have to."

With a newfound sense of urgency, she headed outside into the crisp evening air. The cool breeze hit her, sending a shiver down her spine. She didn't bother to put on shoes, the cold ground a welcome distraction from the turmoil inside. She had to find Lena, had to explain that she didn't see her as a mistake, that she didn't think their shared experience was dirty or wrong.

The campus was eerily quiet, the only sounds the distant murmur of students studying in the library and the rustle of leaves as they danced in the wind. Ava's bare feet padded softly on the concrete, each step taking her closer to the heartbreak she feared she had caused. The streetlights cast long shadows across the pathways, making it feel like she was navigating through a minefield of regret and doubt.

As she approached the edge of the campus, she scanned the street, her eyes searching for any sign of Lena. Her heart leapt when she saw a figure hunched over on a bench in the small park across the street, the dim light from the nearby streetlamp illuminating her form. She quickened her pace, crossing the road with an urgency that belied the chilly evening air.

As she got closer, she saw that Lena was indeed very drunk. Her eyes were glassy, her movements erratic, and she had the unmistakable aroma of cheap alcohol clinging to her clothes. Ava's stomach twisted at the sight of her, a mix of fear and regret swirling within her. She had never seen Lena like this before, so vulnerable and lost. She approached the bench cautiously, not wanting to startle her.

"Lena," she called out softly, her voice trembling with emotion. Lena didn't respond at first, lost in her own thoughts, but then she looked up, her eyes focusing on Ava with a mix of anger and pain. "What do you want?" she slurred, her voice harsh and unforgiving.

"I just wanted to talk," Ava said, her voice low and soothing, hoping that Lena would hear the sincerity in her words. But Lena's response was a cold laugh, her eyes glittering with unshed tears. "You've said enough," she spat. "You've made it clear how you feel."

Ava felt a pang of regret so sharp it was like a knife to the heart. "I'm sorry," she whispered, taking a step closer. "I didn't mean it like that. I promise, i didn’t.."

But Lena was already shaking her head, her words slurred but her message clear. "Don't bother," she said, her voice cold and sarcastic. "You've made it clear where you stand, right? I did it to myself. How stupid of me, isn’t that what you’re thinking?"

Ava felt each syllable like a blow to the chest, but she steeled herself, determined to make things right. "No, Lena," she said, her voice firm despite the tremble. "That's not what I meant. I just... I didn’t know what to say."

Lena's laugh was brittle, the sound of something shattering. "Well, that's a first," she said, her voice thick with sarcasm. "You, speechless."

Ava felt the tears spill down her cheeks, her heart aching with the distance between them. "Lena, please," she choked out. "I love you. I love every part of you, even the parts that you think are messed up or wrong."

Lena's eyes searched Ava's, the anger and pain swirling in them like a tempest. "Then why did you make me feel like a freak?" she asked, her voice breaking. "Why did you look at me like that? Talk to me, like that?"

Ava dropped to her knees in front of the bench, her own sobs echoing in the quiet night. "I didn't mean to," she pleaded, her voice raw with emotion. "I just... I didn't know how to handle it. I was scared."

Lena's expression softened slightly, the anger in her eyes giving way to a sadness so profound it seemed to swallow the very air around them. "Scared of what?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.

"Scared of losing you," Ava confessed, her voice trembling. "Scared of not being enough, of not understanding you. Scared of failing you." She reached out, her hand hovering over Lena's, desperate for contact. "I've never felt like this before. I just want to be there for you, to help you through this."

Lena looked at Ava for a long moment, her expression unreadable. Then, without warning, she started to laugh, a harsh, bitter sound that didn't belong to the woman Ava knew. It grew in intensity until it devolved into gut-wrenching sobs, her whole body convulsing with the force of her pain. Ava couldn't stand it anymore; she had to touch her, to hold her, to somehow take some of that hurt away. She wrapped her arms around Lena's trembling frame, pulling her close.

Lena's sob grew louder, and Ava felt the tremors of her pain resonate through her own body. She tightened her embrace, whispering words of comfort and love into Lena's ear. But it was as if Lena couldn't hear her over the cacophony of her own sorrow. Her laughter had turned into a cry so desolate that it seemed to shake the very fabric of the night around them.

Ava felt a tear roll down her cheek and onto Lena's shoulder. She didn't know how to fix this, didn't know how to take back the hurtful words she had said. But she knew she had to try. "Lena," she murmured, her voice thick with emotion. "I'm so sorry. I didn't mean it. You're not a freak. You're... you're amazing."

Lena's crying turned into hiccups, her sobs growing quieter. "But you looked at me," she whispered, her voice muffled against Ava's shirt. "You looked at me like I was... dirty. Like i was wrong."

Ava's heart shattered with each word, her grip on Lena tightening. "I'm sorry," she murmured again, her own tears falling freely. "I'm so sorry."

Lena pulled away slightly, wiping at her nose with the back of her hand. "You know what the worst part is?" she asked, her voice still thick with tears. "You're the first person I've ever told. The first person who knew everything, and you still looked at me like that."

Ava's heart ached at the thought of Lena bearing this burden alone for so long. "Lena," she said softly, her voice barely more than a whisper. "You're not dirty. You're not wrong. You're just... you're just human."

Lena looked up at her, her eyes swimming with sadness. "But I'm not like everyone else," she said, her voice barely audible. "I can't even control my own body. And because i’m such a freak..I like it. Why do i like it? Why am i like this?"

Ava felt a tear slip down her cheek as she watched Lena's pain unfold before her. "You're not a freak," she said firmly, her voice filled with conviction. "You're just... different. And that's okay."

But Lena's self-loathing grew stronger, the words spilling from her mouth like a dark poison. "I'm not just different," she whispered. "I'm broken."

"No," Ava said, her voice firm. "You're not broken."

But Lena just shook her head, her voice barely above a whisper. "You don't know," she said, her eyes searching Ava's. "You can't know what it's like."

Ava felt a lump form in her throat, her heart heavy with the weight of Lena's words. "I know you're hurting," she said, her voice cracking. "And I know I hurt you. I'm so sorry. But I'm here. I'm not going anywhere."

Lena's sobs grew quieter, but they didn't stop. She leaned into Ava, her body shaking with the aftermath of her outburst. "I'm so tired of feeling like this," she whispered. "So tired of being a disappointment."

Ava felt each word like a dagger to her soul. "You're not a disappointment," she said fiercely, her arms tightening around Lena. "You're the most incredible person I know."

Lena's laugh turned into a sob, her head dropping onto Ava's shoulder. "But I am," she whispered. "To everyone else."

Ava felt Lena's pain as if it were her own, the weight of her words heavy on her heart. She knew she had to do something, had to find a way to show Lena that she wasn't alone, that she wasn't a disappointment. She took a deep breath, her heart racing. "Lena," she said, her voice soft but firm. "Look at me."

Lena's laughter died away, leaving only the sound of her hiccupped sobs. She raised her gaze to meet Ava's, her eyes swollen and red. Ava took Lena's hands in hers, her eyes filled with love and determination. "I want to share this with you," she said, her voice trembling. "I want to understand. I'll do whatever it takes to make it right."

Lena's expression was one of disbelief. "What are you saying?" she whispered, her voice hoarse from crying.

Ava took a deep breath, her heart racing with the gravity of what she was about to suggest. "I want to experience it with you," she said, her voice shaky but determined. "I know it's not the same, but maybe if I can understand... maybe it will bring us closer." She paused for a moment, trying to word it perfectly. "I don’t want to just be friends. Lena. I want all of you, every single part. Even the part of you that likes having these…accidents. I want that. I want to take care of you, like that. I want to see you, like that. I want you to be you, with me. Please."

Lena's laugh was one of pure disbelief, but the tears that accompanied it were a stark contrast. "You can't be serious," she managed to get out, her voice thick with emotion. "After all this….I….You... you want to... to do that with me?"

Ava nodded, her eyes never leaving Lena's. "I am," she said, her voice steady despite the tumult of feelings inside her. "I want to be there for you in every way. To support you, to understand you, to love you."

Lena stared at Ava for what felt like an eternity, her eyes searching for the truth in her words. The silence stretched between them, thick with uncertainty and the echoes of their past conversation. Then, slowly, she leaned in, her body melting into Ava's embrace as if seeking shelter from a storm. "Okay," she whispered, her voice small and fragile. "Okay."

Their kiss was tentative at first, a silent promise of healing and understanding. Ava felt a warmth spread through her chest, a light that had been dimmed by her own ignorance and fear now shining brightly once more. Lena's arms wrapped around her tightly, her body trembling as she clung to Ava like a lifeline.

As they pulled apart, Lena's eyes searched Ava's, looking for the truth in her gaze. "You really mean it?" she asked, her voice shaky. "You're not just saying that to make me feel better?"

Ava kissed her again, more firmly this time. "I mean it," she whispered. "I want to be with you, all of you. We can work through this."

They sat there, holding each other, the night air growing colder around them. Lena's eyes searched Ava's, looking for any sign of doubt or revulsion, but all she saw was love and determination. "Okay," she whispered again, her voice still shaky but with a hint of hope.

Ava leaned back, a soft smile playing on her lips. "You know what, Lena?" she began, her voice light. "You're a terrible lightweight when it comes to alcohol."

Lena's cheeks flushed pink in the dim light, her eyes still puffy from crying. She tried to laugh it off, but the sound came out as more of a hiccup. "It's true," she admitted, a hint of a smile tugging at her lips. "I don't know why. It's just... I guess I never really had much practice."

Ava chuckled, the sound warm and genuine, the tension between them starting to ease. "Well, it's not every day someone confesses something so... personal," she said, her voice gentle. "I guess the alcohol just helped you let your guard down."

Lena nodded, her eyes downcast. "Yeah," she murmured, a faint blush spreading across her cheeks. "I don't know what came over me."

Ava chuckled gently, her heart swelling with affection. "Well, you've had a pretty intense evening," she said, her voice teasing. "I'd say you're allowed to be a lightweight tonight."

The smile on Lena's face grew, a tentative spark of warmth lighting up her eyes. "Maybe," she conceded, her voice still thick with unshed tears. "But I can't stay out here all night."

Ava's eyes searched hers, her heart pounding with hope. "Why don't you come back to my dorm?" she suggested, her voice gentle. "You can stay with me tonight. Or…forever. If you want. Are we still just…friends? That kiss, a lot, too, now?"

Lena's expression was a mix of surprise and confusion, her thoughts racing. "Forever?" she repeated, the word feeling foreign and terrifying on her lips.

Ava's smile was tentative, her eyes filled with hope. "If that's what you want," she said softly. "If you want to try, I'm here. I'm all in."

Lena stared at her, the weight of Ava's words sinking in. It was a risk, a leap of faith into the unknown. But as she looked into Ava's eyes, she saw a willingness to accept her, flaws and all. It was a stark contrast to the fear and confusion that had dominated their earlier conversation. "Okay," she whispered, her voice barely audible. "Let's try."

Ava's eyes lit up, a smile spreading across her face like sunshine breaking through the clouds. "Come on," she said, taking Lena's hand and helping her to her feet. "You can crash in my bed. We'll figure out the rest tomorrow."

But Lena pulled her hand away, feigned a look of offense. "What, you expect me to sleep anywhere else after all this?" she said, her voice playfully sarcastic. Ava felt a rush of warmth at the teasing tone, a sign that maybe, just maybe, they could find their way back to each other.

"Well, I did offer the floor," Ava said, trying to match Lena's playfulness, the tension between them slowly dissipating.

Lena rolled her eyes dramatically. "The floor? How romantic," she deadpanned, her voice thick with sarcasm.

Ava's laugh was light, a sound that hadn't filled the air between them in what felt like forever. "I can be very accommodating," she said, her eyes twinkling. "But only if you're absolutely sure you'll be okay with it."

Lena looked at her, a ghost of a smile playing on her lips. "I'm not making any promises," she warned, but there was a spark in her eye that Ava hadn't seen in a while. It was as if a door had cracked open, just enough to let in a sliver of light.

"Good," Ava said, her own smile growing. "I don't want any promises. I just want you to be honest with me. And if that means having an accident tonight, too, by the way. Then so be it."

Lena's blush deepened, her cheeks burning. "I don't do it on purpose," she protested, her voice small. "I can't control it. Not anymore."

Ava's smile grew, her eyes dancing with mischief. "Oh really?" she teased, raising an eyebrow. "Because it seems to me that if you're still getting all flustered and shy about it, maybe you're just doing it for the attention."

Lena's blush grew even redder, her eyes wide with shock. "I am not!" she protested, her voice squeaking in indignation. But Ava could see the playfulness in her gaze, the hint of a smile tugging at the corners of her mouth.

"Oh, really?" Ava said, her voice filled with feigned skepticism. "Because if you're going to be this cute every time it happens, I might start to think you enjoy the extra cuddles."

Lena's eyes widened, and she slapped Ava's arm lightly, the sting of the hit muffled by the thickness of her sweater. "I do not!" she protested again, the words coming out as a squeak. "It's just... I can’t help it, anymore." She looked away, her cheeks flaming red. "My body just…doesn’t answer, the way it used to..A-And i know, its my fault, whatever, but..even now, i don’t hate it. I like the feeling of it doing what…it needs to do — without worrying about what my brain is going to panic about next."

Ava felt a warmth spread through her, seeing a glimpse of the old Lena, the one who didn't hide her quirks and eccentricities. "I'm sorry I didn't understand before," she said, her voice soft. "But I want to understand now. I want to help you, and be there for you. And..anyway. Thinking about it, i think it’s really, um…cute. Even cuter than you usually are. My tiny, little girlfriend who’s probably not even five foot with your little platformers on having accidents and enjoying it? Being happy? Well. How much cuter, sexy and perfect can you be?"

Lena's eyes searched Ava's, looking for any sign of mockery or pity. But all she saw was acceptance and love. "You think it's... cute?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper, the blush spreading to the tips of her ears.

Ava nodded, her smile soft. "Yeah," she said, her voice earnest. "I think it's cute that you're so honest with me. And hot, too, if I'm being honest." She leaned in closer, her voice dropping to a whisper. "There's something about you, Lena, that's just... incredible. Your strength, your vulnerability, the way you own who you are." She paused for a moment. Then, she grinned brightly. "Pretty sure that’s why i fell in love with you in the first place, silly."

*008*2025-09-21 01:07

Chapter 7

Lena's cheeks flushed a deep crimson, the color spreading down her neck like spilled wine. She tried to hide her face, turning away, but Ava gently cupped her chin, guiding her gaze back. "Don't," Ava murmured, her eyes dancing with affection. "Don't hide that adorable blush. It's my favorite thing about you right now." Lena squirmed under the attention, her embarrassment only deepening the rosy hue. "Stop it," she mumbled, but there was no real protest in her voice, only a flustered warmth.

Lena had never felt anything like this. Anything so..loving, really. She hadn’t told Ava much about herself. About her family, or, what little she had mentioned, it wasn’t enough. They’d been through so much in the last few days. From strangers, to friends, to lovers, back to strangers again. And..now this. She could definitely say she had never been more in love. That was why Ava’s comments had hurt so much. And she hadn’t been wrong, either. Not to the small part of Elena that knew just how taboo all this was. But..she couldn’t care. Not right now.

She felt the warmth spreading through her, the alcohol making her head spin. Ava’s words echoed in her mind, each syllable a gentle caress that left her flustered and breathless. She tried to form a retort, something witty to deflect the overwhelming affection, but her thoughts tangled like yarn. "I—you—it’s not—" she stammered, her cheeks burning hotter with each failed attempt. Her hands fluttered uselessly in the air, as if trying to catch the right words. "Stop looking at me like that," she finally blurted, her voice a shaky whisper. "It’s embarrassing."

Ava’s grin only widened, her eyes soft with amusement. She leaned in, her breath warm against Lena’s ear. "Embarrassing? Or adorable?" Lena’s mouth opened, then closed. She fumbled for a comeback, but the alcohol blurred her focus, turning her protest into a breathless, "I’m not... I don’t..." She trailed off, her gaze dropping to her lap, where her fingers twisted nervously in the fabric of her skirt. The cool night air did nothing to soothe the heat flooding her face. "Just... shut up," she mumbled, the words lacking any bite.

Chuckling, Ava nudged her shoulder playfully. "You know," she said, her voice light and teasing, "I think my beautiful girlfriend might be a tiny bit drunk." The word "beautiful" hung in the air, and Lena’s head snapped up, her eyes wide. A smile—small, involuntary, radiant—spread across her lips, impossible to contain. It lit up her entire face, chasing away the lingering shadows of their earlier pain. She ducked her head again, but not before Ava saw the flush deepen, painting her cheeks and neck a vivid, glowing pink.

"Beautiful?" Lena echoed, her voice barely a breath, thick with disbelief and a sudden, giddy warmth. She peeked up at Ava through her lashes, the smile still trembling on her lips. "You can't just say things like that," she mumbled, trying and failing to sound stern. Her fingers, which had been twisting nervously, stilled, resting gently on her knees. The compliment seemed to anchor her, a tangible warmth against the cool night and the alcohol's haze. "You know how i—that i get—y-you know, i…" She trailed off, unable to form a complete sentence. Ava couldn’t help but smile giddily at her, wondering how she had landed up with the cutest, amazing girl possible. How a spiked drink and an unfortunate pants-pooping accident had lead to all this.

Ava reached out, gently tucking a stray strand of hair behind Lena's ear, her touch lingering. "You know," she murmured, her voice soft and thoughtful, "I wish I'd met you years ago. Like, when we were kids." Lena blinked, her brow furrowing slightly in confusion. "Why?" she whispered, her voice raspy. Ava's gaze drifted, looking past Lena for a moment, lost in the thought. "Because," she said, her voice filled with quiet conviction, "I could have told you every single day how perfect you are. How absolutely, breathtakingly perfect. Exactly as you are. Even then." She squeezed Lena's hand gently. "Maybe especially then. Before anyone made you doubt it." The raw sincerity in Ava's words washed over Lena, a balm to the deep, hidden wounds she carried. Her eyes shimmered with unshed tears, but this time, they weren't tears of pain.

Ava leaned closer, her voice dropping to a husky whisper filled with wonder. "How did I get this lucky?" she breathed, her eyes tracing the delicate lines of Lena's face, flushed pink in the moonlight. "To not only find someone as incredible as you, but to be your friend... and then..." A soft, incredulous laugh escaped her. "To fall so completely in love with you? And have you," she paused, her gaze intense, searching Lena's eyes, "feel the same way about me?" She shook her head slowly, a dazed smile playing on her lips. "It feels impossible. Like winning every lottery in the universe all at once." The sheer magnitude of her gratitude and disbelief hung in the cool night air between them, tangible and warm.

Lena didn't answer. She turned her face away abruptly, her shoulders hunching slightly. Ava's heart lurched, a cold dread washing over her. Had she said too much? Pushed too far again? The fragile peace they'd built felt suddenly precarious. "Lena?" Ava whispered, her voice tight with worry, her hand hovering uncertainly near Lena's arm. "Did I... did I upset you?" The silence stretched, thick and heavy, broken only by the distant hum of the city and the frantic pounding of Ava's own pulse in her ears. She braced herself for rejection, for the walls to slam back up.

But then Lena spun back, her movements jerky and desperate, and collapsed straight into Ava's arms with a choked sob. Her body shook violently as she buried her face against Ava's neck, the force of her weeping stealing her breath. "N-No one," she stammered between ragged gasps, her tears hot and wet against Ava's skin, "n-no one... ever... said... anything like that... to me... ever." Her words dissolved into incoherent apologies, muffled against Ava's shoulder. "I'm s-sorry... I c-can't... stop... I'm s-sorry..."

Ava pulled her close without hesitation, one arm wrapped firmly around Lena's trembling back, the other hand lifting her chin gently. She brushed away the tears with her thumb, her touch infinitely tender. "Shhh," Ava murmured, her voice a soft anchor in the storm. "You cry whenever you need to. Right here. With me." She carefully pushed strands of damp, tangled hair away from Lena's flushed, tear-streaked face, her gaze unwavering. "Always."

Lena tried to stammer another apology, her breath hitching, but Ava stopped her with a soft shake of her head. "Look at you," she whispered, her eyes tracing the swollen lids and reddened cheeks. "Even like this, crying your heart out... you're so beautiful. So perfectly, heartbreakingly beautiful." She leaned in, pressing a feather-light kiss to Lena's damp forehead. "Every single tear just makes me love you more."

The sobs gradually softened into shaky breaths as Lena clung to Ava, her fingers twisting in the fabric of Ava's sweater. She buried her face deeper into the curve of Ava's neck, inhaling the familiar scent of laundry detergent and faint citrus that felt like home. "I don't deserve you," Lena mumbled, the words muffled but raw. "I really, really don't."

Ava gently tilted Lena's chin up again, her thumb tracing the damp trail of a tear down Lena's cheek. "Stop that," she whispered, her voice firm but infinitely tender. "You deserve every good thing, Lena. Especially this. Especially us." She brushed a final stray strand of hair behind Lena's ear, her gaze unwavering. "And look at you," she added, a soft smile touching her lips. "Even with your eyes all red and puffy, you're still the most stunning thing I've ever seen. Perfect."

Lena stared back, Ava's words washing over her like a warm tide, yet failing to sink in. They felt like descriptions meant for someone else – someone whole, someone worthy. The warmth of Ava's touch, the sincerity in her eyes, it all pressed against a dam inside her, a dam built on years of being told she was less. She opened her mouth, wanting to echo Ava's sentiment, to say something worthy of this moment, but nothing came. Only a choked silence, thick with the feeling of being an imposter in her own skin.

"Ava," she finally rasped, her voice raw. "You... you don't know. What I am." She saw Ava start to shake her head, to protest, but Lena pressed on, the need to be seen – truly seen – overriding everything. "No, please. I need you to know." She took a shaky breath, her gaze fixed on the cracked pavement beneath their feet. "My parents... they never wanted me. Not like they wanted my brother. I was... inconvenient. Messy. Too much." Her voice dropped to a whisper. "They kicked me out the day I turned sixteen. Said I was old enough to be someone else's problem." A bitter, hollow laugh escaped her. "When I said I had somewhere else to go after our fight? Total bluff. I was going to sleep right here." She gestured weakly at the cold bench. "Probably would've woken up soaked, freezing, reeking of piss, and stumbled to your door looking like a drowned, hungover rat."

She flinched, remembering the sharp sting of her mother's voice. "They hated the accidents most. Called me disgusting. A filthy animal. Said it proved I was broken." Her voice grew thick, recounting a particularly humiliating night where she'd soiled herself during dinner, the ensuing screaming match, the slammed doors. "See? Not perfect. Not even close. I'm... I'm something broken they threw away. Maybe... maybe a demon." She risked a glance at Ava, bracing for the inevitable disgust, the recoil.

Ava didn't recoil. She didn't speak. Her face was utterly still, her eyes wide and dark, fixed on Lena with an intensity that felt like a physical weight. The silence stretched, heavy and suffocating. Lena saw it – the flicker of doubt, the momentary hesitation, the terrifying possibility that Ava *was* seeing the demon Lena described. Her heart plummeted, the fragile hope she'd clung to shattering into icy shards.

Then Ava moved. Not away, but closer. Her hands, trembling slightly, came up to frame Lena's tear-streaked face. Her thumbs brushed away the dampness with infinite care. "Listen to me," Ava whispered, her voice low and rough with emotion. "Those people? They were the demons. Not you." Her gaze locked onto Lena's, fierce and unwavering. "They threw away the most precious thing they ever had because they were too blind, too cruel, to see it."

Lena flinched, a fresh wave of shame washing over her as she recalled the dinner table incident – the sudden, humiliating warmth spreading under her skirt, the clatter of her fork, her father's disgusted snarl, her mother's icy command to "Get that filth out of my sight." She opened her mouth to apologize again, to justify their hatred, but Ava stopped her with a gentle press of her thumb against Lena's lips. "No," Ava breathed. "You don't get to carry their poison anymore. You were a child. You needed help, not hatred. They failed you. Spectacularly."

Ava leaned in, her voice dropping to a fierce, protective whisper. "That 'demon' they saw? That was their own ugliness reflected back at them. They saw your vulnerability, your fear, and they twisted it into a weapon because it was easier than facing their own failures." Her eyes blazed with conviction. "They knew you wouldn't fight back, Lena. They counted on your anxiety to keep you small, to make you believe their lies. But they were wrong. You survived them. You're here. And as long as i’m here, not..here, like this silly college, but on this earth. I will always be here. And i’ll never be like them."

She tightened her grip on Lena’s hands, her gaze unwavering. "If you’d shown up at my door that night? Soaked, shivering, reeking of piss and cheap beer? I wouldn’t have hesitated." A fierce, tender smile touched her lips. "I’d have slammed the door on anyone who dared look at you sideways, scooped you up like the goddamn princess you are, carried you straight to my shower, and held you until the shaking stopped. Pee, fear, hangover – none of it would have mattered. Only you."

Lena stared, the image forming in her mind – Ava, fierce and protective, shielding her from judgment, carrying her burdens without a flinch. It was a stark, impossible contrast to the rejection she’d known. "They made you believe you were a burden," Ava continued, her voice sharp with anger now, "because they were too weak, too selfish, to handle the responsibility *they* created. They saw your kindness, your sensitivity, and twisted it into weakness they could exploit. They knew your anxiety would make you believe their lies, make you blame yourself for *their* cruelty."

The excuses Lena had clung to for years – *they were stressed, I was difficult, they didn’t understand* – crumbled like ash. Ava’s words were a scalpel, cutting through the tangled justifications she’d used to survive. There was no logic left, no mitigating circumstance Ava hadn’t dismantled. The truth was brutal and simple: they had chosen to hurt her. They had chosen to abandon her. Not because she was broken, but because they were.

Ava’s thumb brushed another stray tear from Lena’s cheek, her expression shifting from fierce protectiveness to a softer resolve. "So," Ava said, her voice clear and steady in the quiet park, "I’m bringing you home with me for winter break." Lena blinked, stunned. "To my mom’s," Ava continued, a determined glint in her eye. "I’ll talk to her tonight. Explain everything. About us being girlfriends, about… everything. You’re staying with us. Indefinitely, if that’s what you want." The offer hung in the air, immense and terrifyingly real.

Lena’s breath hitched. Panic flared—sharp and familiar. "I—I can’t," she stammered, scrambling for an excuse, her eyes darting away. "My aunt… she’s expecting me. Upstate. And… and your mom wouldn’t want…" Her voice dropped to a frantic whisper. "Ava, the accidents. They’re messy. And sometimes… sometimes I *like* it. What if she sees that? What if she thinks I’m disgusting? Or worse… manipulative?" The old fear twisted her stomach, the line between accident and secret pleasure feeling like a trap. Blurred far beyond repair. "What if she thinks that i’ve..manipulated her daughter?"

@@Ava just smiled, a soft, knowing curve of her lips. "Lena," she murmured, her voice gentle but firm. "I already know you were lying about that aunt. And about staying anywhere but right here, alone in your empty dorm over break." She leaned closer, her gaze unwavering. "I love you. I want you with me. Always. Not just for winter break, but for every break after that. For life." A faint blush crept up Ava’s own neck then, her confidence faltering for a split second. "And… I might have already told my mom about you. Last week." She ducked her head, a sheepish grin spreading. "I was gushing. Like, *really* gushing. About this amazing, beautiful girl I was crushing on hard. Mom… she kinda ran with it. Bought, um… supplies. Just in case I ever got brave enough to invite you over. Diapers, pads, wipes…some other.." She coughed, a slight embarrassment flickering across her face in the form of a bright, red blush. "Stuff…y..you know, the works." She let out a small, embarrassed laugh. "Guess I got braver than I planned."

@@Lena’s eyes widened, the panic momentarily eclipsed by sheer disbelief. "You told her? Before… before we even…?" Her voice was a squeak. The thought of Ava’s mother knowing about her *before* they were even officially together, let alone anticipating her… needs… was overwhelming. "But Ava," she stammered, the old terror resurfacing, sharper now. "You don’t understand. It’s not just accidents! Sometimes… sometimes I *want* it. I like the feeling. The… the loss of control. What if she sees that? What if she thinks I’m…" The word ‘perverted’ died on her lips, too awful to voice. "Or that I’m manipulating you into this? Into liking… this?" She gestured vaguely downwards, her face burning. God. This was BEYOND embarrassing to talk about! What was she meant to do? She needed to just be.. normal. Maybe that would work. Sure, lying to yourself never helped in the long run but it was better than losing Ava! Here she was, completely panicking, her features a complete mix of emotions too fast to pick up on, meanwhile..

Ava chuckled softly, a warm, reassuring sound that cut through Lena’s spiraling thoughts. "Oh, trust me," she murmured, her eyes dancing with affectionate amusement, "I haven’t forgotten that part. Not for a second." She leaned in, her voice dropping to a conspiratorial whisper. "In fact, I’ve thought about it. A lot. Especially after… well, after seeing how flustered you get when it happens." A playful grin spread across her face. "And you know what? I think I like that part too. Maybe… maybe a lot." She gave Lena’s hand a gentle squeeze. "But that’s between us. Mom? She just cares that you’re safe, happy, and kind to yourself. She won’t judge your kinks, Lena. She’s not like that. Her only rule is consent and care. That’s it."

Lena’s breath hitched, her cheeks flaming crimson. Ava’s casual acceptance of her deepest, most shameful secret felt like stepping into sunlight after years in a cave. She opened her mouth, then closed it, utterly speechless. The excuses, the fears, the carefully constructed walls—they all dissolved under the sheer warmth of Ava’s certainty. A small, disbelieving laugh escaped her, shaky but genuine. "You… you really mean it?" she whispered, her voice thick with emotion. "All of it? The… the living with you? The… supplies? Your mom knowing… everything?"

Ava’s grin softened into a tender smile. She brushed her thumb over Lena’s knuckles. "Every word," she murmured. "Mom’s already planning your favorite meals. And she bought the softest pull-ups she could find." A playful spark returned to her eyes. "Though, between us? I might have requested a specific brand after… extensive personal research." She leaned in, her voice dropping to a conspiratorial whisper. "Extra absorbent. For… flexibility."

Lena’s blush deepened, spreading down her neck like spilled wine. The alcohol haze, momentarily forgotten, surged back with dizzying force. The park lights swam, the bench beneath her seemed to sway, and Ava’s face blurred at the edges. A giggle bubbled up, unbidden and slightly hysterical. "This is… so stupid," she murmured, shaking her head, her words thick. "Like… a really weird, messy dream." She slumped against Ava’s shoulder, her eyelids heavy, the panic giving way to exhaustion. "Please," she mumbled, her voice barely audible, a fragile plea lost in the fabric of Ava’s sweater, "don’t let me wake up. Don’t let this… disappear."

Ava’s bright smile faltered, replaced by a pang of aching tenderness. The raw hopelessness in Lena’s whisper, the sheer disbelief that happiness could be real and lasting, cut deeper than any argument. She tightened her arms around Lena, feeling the slight tremor still running through her. *No more*, Ava thought, a fierce protectiveness hardening within her. Her own mother, sharp-eyed and fiercely protective, a family lawyer who’d eviscerated corporate giants… she’d know exactly what to do. Lena’s parents didn’t deserve to simply fade into the past. They deserved consequences. A slow, determined resolve settled over Ava. She’d tell her mom everything. Every cruel word, the abandonment, the years of making Lena feel like refuse. Legal ass-kicking? It sounded like a perfect start.

Lena’s head lolled heavily against Ava’s shoulder, a long, shuddering yawn escaping her, her breath warm against Ava’s neck. Her eyelids fluttered, struggling to stay open, the exhaustion of the emotional rollercoaster finally overwhelming the lingering buzz of cheap beer. Ava giggled softly, the sound warm and fond in the quiet park. "Someone’s completely knackered," she murmured, brushing a stray strand of hair from Lena’s damp forehead. The way Lena’s face softened in near-sleep, the faint, unconscious pout of her lips, was heartbreakingly adorable. "Ready to start this new part of our life right now, sleepyhead?" Ava asked, her voice barely above a whisper.

She didn’t wait for a groggy reply. Before Lena could even muster a murmur, Ava shifted, sliding one arm firmly under Lena’s knees and the other around her back. With a smooth, practiced motion – honed by years of carrying younger cousins – she lifted Lena clear off the bench. Lena let out a startled, high-pitched yelp, her arms instinctively flinging around Ava’s neck, her eyes snapping wide open for a second in pure surprise. "Ava!" she gasped, her voice thick with sleep and shock.

Ava adjusted her grip, holding Lena securely against her chest. Lena felt impossibly light, almost fragile, like a bird with damp feathers. Ava looked down, her breath catching. The cool moonlight washed over Lena’s face, highlighting the lingering blush on her cheeks, the dark sweep of her lashes against her skin, and the faint, unconscious curve of her lips – a tiny, vulnerable smile she hadn’t managed to stifle. Her eyes, still slightly swollen from crying but now heavy-lidded with exhaustion, held a softness Ava had never seen before.

For a long moment, Ava simply stood there on the path, the sleeping campus silent around them, holding this precious, improbable girl. A wave of pure, overwhelming gratitude washed over her, so intense it tightened her throat and stung her eyes. How? How had she gotten this? This fierce, funny, devastatingly beautiful soul who trusted her with the most broken parts? It wasn't just *a* girl. It was *Lena*. The only one whose messy, complicated, utterly perfect self could ever fit so completely into the space Ava hadn't even known was empty inside her chest.

Lena stirred slightly in her arms, nuzzling unconsciously against Ava’s collarbone, a soft sigh escaping her lips. The movement, so trusting and vulnerable, shattered Ava’s composure. A single, hot tear escaped, tracing a path down her cheek before she could catch it. She pressed her lips gently against Lena’s temple, breathing in the scent of cheap beer, faint sweat, and something uniquely *Lena* – warm skin and lingering hope. "You're home," Ava whispered into the soft hair, the words thick with emotion she couldn't contain. "You're finally home."

The weight in her arms felt right, anchoring her to the moment. Ava shifted her grip, ensuring Lena was secure, her head nestled comfortably in the crook of her neck. She took a deep, steadying breath, the cool night air sharp in her lungs, clearing the blur of tears. With a final, lingering look at the girl sleeping against her – the moonlight catching the curve of her cheek, the dark sweep of her lashes, the faint, peaceful smile that had finally settled – Ava turned and began walking. Her steps were deliberate, careful not to jostle her precious burden, each footfall carrying them away from the cold bench and towards the warm, waiting dorm.

(and that’s a wrap on chapter 7!! after some careful consideration, i’m planning to make a sequel series to this pretty soon, and may also post it on wattpad so look out for that as well. I guess we’ll see how many chapters this goes on, but i’m planning to stop it at the end of their winter break, and the next series will take place with them being out of college, and will tackle their relationship in a whole new light)

