Long girls bathroom line where everyone is desperate

Author: DesperateQueue

*000*2025-03-21 03:45

Let’s imagine there is a group of 18 to 21 year old boys and girls (10 boys and 10 girls) that want to enjoy a day together on a weekend, or a day during spring break or summer vacation, where they want to go see the latest and greatest movie (such as Avatar or Agengers). After eating lunch not too long ago, they go to the movie theater and have all bought snacks (including several large soda drinks) for the 3-hour movie. (But no alcohols since they’re not 21 yet). Some may get up during the movie to buy more snacks and drinks, but only when necessary. In any case though, when the movie is over and they’re all about ready to leave, most of the girls really have to pee. 

The boys are able to do their business without much of a wait, but the girls are not so fortunate. They all really have to pee, and when they get to the bathroom, there are only 3 toilets inside, and there are about 30 to 35 girls ahead of them in line (not counting this group, and not including the girls already in the stalls), and their group has 10 girls in it. There aren’t any other places close enough to where they could try going to a bathroom in another building without peeing their pants first, so this is basically it. They all have to wait their turn for a stall to open up (which may be a while with the long line), or pee their pants.

How long do you think it would take to get through the line, and do you think the girls cane make it through the line without peeing their pants? Has anyone (especially girls) been in a situation like that where you are extremely desperate to pee, but there is an extremely long line ahead of you (could be school, work, movie, amusement park, ball game, etc.). If so, what was the situation, and how did you deal with it?

*001*2025-03-22 23:32

This could be interesting if someone has a scenario to share that is close to this.

*002*2025-04-08 04:57

Here’s another possible scenario where a bunch of girls are desperate to pee in a long bathroom line. We might have a scenario in a water park with a big group (some boys and some girls) where they are there do have a fun day doing water-related activities, whether it be swimming, water slides, etc. Or it might be an amusement park with a bunch of rides. But the big thing is this. A lot of people involved are having a lot of drinks to stay hydrated, and at some point, they will have to pee. Eventually, a group of 5 of these girls decide to take a bathroom break because they’re about to pee their pants, but when they head towards the bathroom there is a huge line. There are at least 50 girls in this line, and only 5 stalls in this bathroom. Oh, and most of the girls in this line are wearing shorts that are extremely short.

