The Omorashi Couple: Tony and Kam

Author: desperatequeen

*000*2023-04-09 01:07

Hi, so this is just me trying out some fiction (based loosely on true stories), it's not thought-out, just stream of consciousness, there's gonna be typos.

###

The rain pattered the roof of the car as it inched along the packed highway. Tony glanced over to the passenger seat, where Kam, his girlfriend, was quietly squirming. He felt a sympathy twinge in his own bladder as he thought of how long she had been holding. The last time she’d had a chance to use the bathroom was probably before they left their apartment, almost 12 hours ago. The two empty water bottles she downed on the ride over crinkled in the backseat.

Kam squeezed her eyes shut, her bladder felt so hard against her seatbelt. The rain kept invading her efforts to keep her mind off all the drinks she’d had that day; a large coffee at the conference cafe, two large green teas during the reception, and a hot chocolate on the drive home. Their contents sloshed around in her bladder as she squirmed, making their presences constantly known. She felt her face redden each time she caught Tony glimpsing in her direction, both hands buried between her legs, but she couldn’t help it. She felt the tingling in her lady parts that comes from desperately needing to pee. She couldn’t help getting turned on, which wasn’t helping her condition.

Little did she know, but Tony himself wasn’t glancing just out of curiosity; he had been secretly monitoring her progress, admiring her capacity to hold so much and appear as if nothing was amiss. Each time she squeezed her legs together or grunted softly, he felt his dick twitch with excitement.

“Babe,” Tony said, “How’re you doing?”

“Mmph, I have to pee so bad,” she replied, curling slightly on her side and turning towards him.

Tony placed his hand on her thigh and squeezed slightly, “Can you hold it?”

“Yeah babe,” she said, but not without a soft groan escaping without her realizing.

“Just try to relax a little,” Tony said, trying to be helpful, “maybe unzip your pants?”

Kam unbuttoned and unzipped the waist of her jeans, feeling her belly relax at the extra space.

“That helps a little,” she breathed with relief.

Soon enough, however, her bladder had filled past the temporary relief and Kam was back to squirming, this time strongly enough to shake the car back and forth.

“Oh my god,” she gasped, while pulling both hands up against her pussy, trying to ease the tingling pressure of a whole day’s bladder pushing against her urethra. “Babe, it’s getting bad,”

Tony, who had been feeling his own bladder for the past half hour or so, replied,

“Just keep holding it, baby,”

“No, you don’t understand,” Kam grunted, “like, it’s really REALLY bad! My bladder is still filling up from that hot chocolate. Here, feel,”

Kam moved Tony’s hand from her thigh to her lower belly, where he felt a taught mass spanning between her belly button and the seam of her panties. He couldn’t help feeling shocked, he had no idea she had been holding this much.

“Oh my god, babe,” he whispered, “that’s so much!”

“I knowwwww” Kam moaned quietly. “I haven’t gone since last night,”

“Last night?? Why didn’t you pee while you were getting ready this morning?” Tony asked.

“I didn’t have to go then,” Kam replied, breathlessly. She didn’t want to tell him the truth: she enjoyed needing to pee, especially in situations like the conference, where she didn’t have a choice but to hold it. She loved the feeling of rushing to the bathroom once she got home and pissing hard into the toilet, especially when Tony was within earshot. (She remembered him once telling her, in a drunken stupor which he didn’t remember, how he gets turned on when he hears women pissing, and she had since been trying to get him to admit his fetish) However, she hadn’t predicted the standstill traffic they had been in for the past hour and a half. The pressure in her bladder was incredible; she couldn’t stop moving around and whispering “oh my god, oh my god,”

Tony squeezed the tip of his dick through his jeans, his bladder twinged slightly. He sighed in amazement, his girlfriend hadn’t peed in nearly 20 hours, it was incredible. And here he was, having just been holding for 6 hours, and almost all filled up. He’d always had a small bladder, which, although a source of insecurity during his grade school years, was more of a blessing in disguise for someone who loved the feeling of being desperate. There were even a few times where he’d full-on peed himself in front of Kam, some of which weren’t completely accidental. Looking back on it, he hoped it hadn’t been too obvious that he was hinting at his fetish, testing the waters to gauge her reactions. He was too nervous to come outright and just say something about it, he was too much in love to risk it all.

Kam, on much the same note, had restricted mentioning anything relating to omorashi to Tony, having had more than one relationship end as a result of admitting her fetish.

But she had more pressing matters to attend to, specifically the weight of her rock-hard bladder pressing against her peehole. They had barely moved 50 feet in 20 minutes. There was no way she would be able to hold all of her pee for what would surely be hours before they would reach home, but there was nowhere else to go, so she just had to keep holding. She had never actually wet before, as in fully lost control. She remembers leaking once or twice, but she’d always been close enough to a bathroom to keep holding the rest. Her bladder had always been incredibly strong, such that she didn’t actually know how much would be too much. But tonight may just be that night, she thought to herself.

“Mmmm,” she moaned softly, clenching her thighs together and squirming in her seat. She stuck one hand straight down her pants to hold herself from the inside, and the other hand clenched the seat’s armrest.

“Wow,” Tony whispered to himself, as he felt his penis become semi-erect inside his pants.

Kam noticed his hand placement over his crotch, and smiled slightly to herself, looking quizzically up at his face.

“I kinda gotta go too,” Tony replied to her expression, feeling a little embarrassed and averting his eyes back to the road.

“Oh, I see,” Kam replied, a hint of sarcasm in her tone.

But she couldn’t spare any extra energy to think any more about Tony’s odd reaction to her desperation. The car was now violently rocking back and forth as she moved, trying every position possible to get a little relief.

“Babe, I don’t know how much longer I can hold this,” she groaned, looking up at Tony.

“There’s nowhere to pull off, baby,” he replied. They were surrounded by cars on all sides, he couldn’t even change lanes if he wanted to.

“I don’t want to get the seats wet,” Kam depaired.

“Here,” Tony replied, shifting slightly to take his hoodie off, “sit on this,” he passed it over to her.

“I don't want to get your new sweatshirt wet, babe.” Kam said.

“It doesn’t matter honey, I’ll just wash it.” Tony reassured her.

“Help?” Kam asked, shifting her hips to one side so Tony could place the shirt under her butt.

“Umghhh,” she grunted in pain as she settled back into the seat, feeling less anxious now that it was more protected. She really didn’t want to pee all over Tony’s car. But it was looking less and less like she would have any other choice, her bladder was twinging in pain every couple of seconds, and her entire belly felt full of liquid. She could barely touch her bladder without pee dripping into her panties, she was literally full to the brim.

“Babe…” she said softly.

“Yeah honey?” he replied, gently rubbing her leg.

“I don’t think I can hold this any longer for real,” she said, “I’m truly filled all the way up.”

“And it doesn’t look like we will be moving anytime soon,” Tony said, pointing to the map on his phone, showing a red line all the way down the highway. Some of the cars around them had turned off their engines, and Tony did the same.

“There must have been an accident somewhere up the highway,” he said.

“There’s about to be an accident here,” Kam said, smirking slightly.

Tony squeezed her thigh and kissed her head.

“You may just need to let it go here, baby,” he said.

Kam continued to struggle, “It’s going to go everywhere, babe, I need to find something I can pee on. Do you have any towels in here?”

“No baby,” Tony looked in the backseat. Aha! We do have these, though,” he held up the two empty water bottles from that morning.

“The opening is really small,” Kam noticed.

“I’ll help you, don’t worry,” Tony reassured her. He helped her remove her pants, one leg at a time as she strained to keep the contents of her overfull bladder from spilling out.

Kam took her shirt off as well, so she could better see what she was doing, and turned on her phone flashlight. She looked nervously at the cars around them.

“Don’t worry, it’s too dark for anyone to see what we’re doing here,” Tony said.

He stopped in his tracks when Kam fixed the phone to shine on her lap. Her bladder was bulging completely out of her belly, a clear outline from hip bone to hip bone, all the way down to her vulva. Tony had never seen a bladder bulge in person before, only videos. And Kam was a bit chubby too, so he was even more impressed at how visible it was. There must have been over a liter of piss inside her. As she moved towards the edge of the seat, he noticed a quarter-sized wet spot on his gray hoodie.

“Ughhhh, hurry up babe,” Kam moaned, as she felt a little bit of piss escape her tightly clenched peehole.

Tony saw a few drops come out between her fingers, as he rushed the cap off the bottle and hurried to place it in position.

“You need to take your hands away, baby,” he said, “I need to see where to put the bottle.”

Kam bore down and clenched everything as hard as she could.

Tony gently lifted her fingers away from her peehole, and took a second to admire his beautiful girlfriend. She was clenched in the seat, her vagina and peehole both dripping, her pussy lips sleek with piss. She trembled slightly, and he could see a perfect drop escape her peehole and run down her vulva.

“Please, babe,” she gasped, “Hurry!”

Tony placed the bottle directly over her peehole, pressing in slightly.

“Okay baby, it’s ready.”

A violent PSSHHHSHPPSHH sound filled the air as a thick stream splashed into the bottle.

“OH-OHHHH” Kam moaned in relief, the feeling of the piss streaming down her urethra was orgasmic.

Tony gasped at how powerful her stream was, almost too thick to be caught by the bottle, her peehole wide open and gushing.

Barely 10 seconds in, the bottle was almost filled up.

“Baby!” Tony bolted, “hang on, I need to get the other bottle,”

“WHAT?!” Kam gasped, grabbing onto Tony’s arm, “It’s full already?? I can’t stop it babe!!”

“Here! Hold this bottle,” Tony gestured to the one which was entirely filled with clear-yellow pee. He removed it from her vulva, and pressed his index finger against her peehole, stemming the flow.

“Ungggh,” Kam strained, feeling her urethra burn with pressure as her pee strained against his finger.

Pressurized jets of pee burst from around his finger, the pressure was too much to be held back. He didn’t have time to marvel, however, as he rushed the second bottle and placed it against her urethra, removing his finger. Pee burst into this bottle as well as Kam fastened the bottle cap on the full bottle and placed it in the cupholder. She leaned back and closed her eyes, as her bladder burst, leaning into Tony. He kissed her head amorously, enjoying her expression of pure relief almost as much as she was.

Kam was brought out of this state by the sound of the second bottle filling up too with piss. Tony felt her try and clench down to stem the flow, but he just whispered,

“Don’t bother, baby. Just relax.”

Kam, still slightly worried, simply leaned her face into his shoulder and stopped trying to stop the flow, closing her eyes. She kept a hand cradling her bladder as she felt it slowly deflate back into its normal position. Tony laughed slightly as the second bottle forcefully overflowed, and he balled up his sweatshirt and pressed it against her pussy, a roaring hiss emanating from it. He had never even imagined someone pissing as hard as his girlfriend was at that very moment. Soon, even the sweatshirt was soaked, and he tossed it to the ground with a splat.

Now unobstructed, a thick, unwavering stream of pee flowed from between her raised legs. Without thinking, Tony placed his hand against it, feeling the forcefulness.

Kam, although in pure bliss from the relief, noticed this and placed her hand on top of his, acknowledging it. She looked up at Tony, while still peeing full force, and the couple passionately kissed. After almost 2 minutes, the stream finally died down to a trickle, splashing into the puddle that had formed in the footwell. Tony laughed as the trickle momentarily picked back up into a forceful stream before going back into a trickle.

“I can’t believe how badly you had to go,” he marveled.

“I know,” Kam replied, her voice full of relief, “I had to go for so long,”

“I couldn’t tell at all!” Tony mused, “You didn’t show any signs.”

Kam smiled and whispered, “I’ve gotten pretty good at hiding it,” and kissed Tony’s neck.

“Ya come here often?” Tony said in an exaggerated New York accent jokingly, trying to hide his awkwardness in case Kam wasn’t actually admitting to holding her pee regularly.

“I do,” she replied softly, leading Tony’s hand down to her pussy lips, where he could feel how slippery her vagina was. He looked into her brown eyes, and kissed her, embracing her forcefully, ecstatic at what she had just admitted.

Kam laughed, enjoying this bear hug of a confirmation that Tony was indeed into omorashi too.

Half an hour later, the traffic hadn’t moved an inch, and the happy couple, having cleaned up a bit, were still deep in embrace.

Kam pushed gently into Tony as she shifted positions, and he gasped forcefully, doubling over.

“What’s wrong?” she asked, concerned at Tony’s pained expression.

Tony grabbed at his penis. He hadn’t noticed until Kam pushed into it, how full his bladder really was.

Kam noticed this, and her concern melted away into amusement as she rubbed Tony’s lower abdomen.

“So what’s this all about?” she asked playfully as she rubbed over his hard bladder.

“Yeah…” Tony said playfully, “I don’t know..,”

“Hmmm,” Kam giggled.

“No but really I don’t think I can hold it any longer!” Tony blurted out, hurriedly unzipping his zipper and struggling to pull his erect penis out of his pants.

Kam exclaimed with surprise and amusement as she watched Tony struggle and aim his penis, already pissing, into the puddle in the footwell.

She took over aiming his penis, and gently kissed his shaft as he relaxed, pissing a thick stream.

“That was so sudden,” she was laughing, amazed at how much Tony had been holding. His bladder definitely wasn’t as tiny as he made it seem.

“Yeah sorry, seeing you desperate was helping me hold it,” Tony gestured to his erect member.

Kam laughed as the couple relaxed into their second passionate kissing-while-pissing embrace of the night.

______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Hope you enjoyed! I may write more.

