Planet of Desperation - Part II

Author: DerivativeWings

*000*2018-03-05 14:57

Preface: It's been a while. I've been busy like a crazy person, and I keep getting sick which is a bummer. However, for all you guys and gals who have been eagerly anticipating this (There's gotta be at least two people, right?), here is part two of Planet of Desperation. Just like last time, it will consist of four chapters; full of intrigue, aliens, and Omorashi-based science.

Enjoy!

If you want to read the previous four chapters, you can find them here.

Chapter 5 - Remains of Tension

This chapter was proofread by @MasterXploder

, who writes awesome videogame and anime-related Omo-stories. Read his latest story at this link

.

Yellow Crystals. Urene.

Lea's mind was racing. How was this possible? The 600 ml beaker which had been about three quarters full of her pee now contained clear liquid, a red rust-like pigment, and what seemed to be honest-to-goodness Urene. But what did this even mean? Lea simply had to investigate.

She suddenly realized her panties were still awkwardly hooked to the side of her lady bits, and her skirt was bunched up, revealing all. It would have been highly embarrassing if anyone walked in on her. She swiftly brought her skirt down, locked the door and got some paper to wipe herself.

Lea wanted with all of her being to investigate the crystals, but she knew that wasn't wise, not right now. There would be a class here soon, and while Sarah Lee may have hyped the idea that they would be attempting to create their own Urene, Lea knew no-one had actually expected it to work. If the truth got out, she might not get the chance to investigate at all. Lea made her decision - she would come back, after classes were over. She'd tell Lee her findings, of course, but she had to sate her curiosity first.

She put the lid back on the test tube, stashed it in the cupboard far in the back, and hurried back to class.

The remainder of Lea's day was quite a drag. She got scolded for being late, of course, and there was not a chance in hell she'd be able to focus in class; not with this kind of anticipation.

Another factor was her bladder. Her emergency pee had brought her need under her control, but her muscles were tired, and by lunch she felt quite full again. Her next toilet time read 12:31, so she felt confident that she would make it this time.

The final half-hour was agony, regardless. Lea was once again hanging out with her friends, Erisa and Meranda, while they were eating. The situation was a little different compared to yesterday, though.

"S-so, what did you end up writing about for your history assignment, Merand..ah..!" Lea had felt mostly in control so far, but a sudden spike in desperation forced her to cross her legs under the table.

Meranda was the first to speak. "Got bad times? I can spare you one in about an hour if it's an emergency."

Erisa, too, gave her a worried look, but stayed silent.

Lea shook her head. "N-No, I've got a time coming up in just fifteen minutes. I'm pretty sure I'll be fine." Lea's desperation was of a quite different nature than before; her bladder wasn't so full that she'd normally be at her limit - but she hadn't been able to empty her bladder completely for over a day at this point. Her hold was faltering, but she could stay strong for just a little longer.

Five minutes before her time, Lea excused herself and left the table on somewhat shaky legs. The A-block bathroom was just outside the cafeteria, but the fact that Lea was now on her way to the toilet seemed to reinforce her hold somewhat.

When she made it to the toilet, she found another girl waiting for the bathroom - she probably had a time coming up soon. Lea wondered if she was going before or after the girl, herself.

After just a few seconds, the girl checked her wrist, then entered the bathroom. The girl had not seemed very desperate, only perhaps a little annoyed. Lea would have liked nothing more than to ask the girl if they could trade times; but as a natural consequence of the toilet directives, people were a lot less keen to give up a visit to the bathroom to a stranger - even temporarily.

Lea couldn't help to imagine the girl plonking her butt on the seat, tinkling away even though Lea herself was far more desperate. She longed to do the same herself, releasing her pent-up urine and finally fully relieving herself after so-

"Eeep!" Lea erased her train of thought as a rivulet of pee entered her panties. She had to get into the bathroom soon, or things were going to get dangerous.

Three minutes later, and the girl had still not left the toilet. At this point, Lea's eyes were watering. It wasn't fair - her toilet time had already started, it should be her turn now. She could walk all the way to the B-block toilet, but if she did she would wet herself for sure.

The margin you were given for your toilet time was about ten minutes - so Lea wasn't going to become locked out, but ten minutes felt like ten hours at this rate. Lea gasped as a drop left her.

After what felt like an eternity, the girl left the toilet. Lea still couldn't enter, as all toilets locked themselves automatically for three minutes after they had been used. When the toilet became available again, the hand sign by the door would turn from red to green. Lea desperately looked at her wrist to get the time.

12:32

Three minutes was such a long time. At this point, Lea felt even worse than she had felt this morning. Then, her bladder had been filled to the brim, but now she kept leaking and could do nothing to stop it. She grit her teeth and buried her hands under her skirt.

A Hundred and sixty... A hundred and sixty-one... "Ah...!" A hundred and sixty-two...

Lea counted the seconds until her relief in her head. When she made it to a hundred and eighty seconds, she opened her eyes, and brought her hand to press the button that would be her salvation.

It was still red.

Lea practically short-circuited. She had primed her body to push the button, rush into the bathroom, and then pee. Now that her step one had failed, her body didn't know what to do anymore.

She started peeing.

For a second, she felt like the control she had over her own body was in free-fall. Her bladder and tired muscles just couldn't take it anymore - she was peeing as though she was sitting on a toilet. In her panties.

The button became green.

Lea was brought back into reality. Her entire body became tense as she forced herself to stop peeing. Time stopped around her, it seemed. Her body still remembered her three-stage plan. Button, rush, relief.

At this point, holding her bladder felt like holding her breath. The instant her butt was one the seat, her pee started as though it had never stopped. Her stream just kind of coming out of her - anyone watching would think it was a completely ordinary pee until they noticed for how long she was going for. She no longer had any energy left to make it come out at any slower, or any faster. Even if she had tensed up her entire body right now, her bladder would still empty itself at the same rate as before.

Lea peed, and peed, and peed. Her bladder had not felt this full, and she wondered if her long hold had affected her senses in some way. Considering she had already let out a not insignificant volume into the beaker earlier, she couldn't help but wonder just how much she had been holding in.

After she had finally finished with her massive pee, she felt a lot more clear-headed. She quickly checked her panties - they weren't exactly dry, but they were holding up a lot better than Lea expected. If she cleaned them out now, it didn't seem she'd have to replace them.

This only added to Lea's relief - having to get a new pair would eat out quite a big slice of her savings.

Now that Lea's pee situation was finally solved, she could focus on the more important matter at hand - Urene. As she spent a little bit of time cleaning up, a plan was forming.

She wanted to investigate the Urene she had created. However, she wasn't ready to reveal her secret to the teachers yet, since she really wasn't sure she'd be allowed to handle the sample if she did. This meant gaining access to the chemistry lab before the weekend. Lea wasn't sure how she would go about this - sneaking into the lab after the school closed was an option, but that would require stealing the keys, which seemed way too risky.

Lea tried another train of thought. Afterschool clubs made use of classrooms for a while after school. If she could start a club, she might gain access to the chemistry lab without anyone suspecting her. However, if she were to go the route, she needed a partner in crime. Someone with the scientific curiosity to keep quiet about this for a while. Someone with a good enough track record that they'd be considered responsible enough to start a club in the chem lab.

As Lea considered this, she left the bathroom, only to be greeted by a familiar face.

"Oh! Hi, Leanore!" It was Elsanova, her chemistry lab partner from yesterday. "Got a toilet time coming up, but I'll see you on Chemistry class next week." Elsanova moved towards the bathroom door to wait for the hand sign to change color to green.

Lea nodded, then headed down the hallway. However, after one minute and thirty seconds, she turned to head back to the toilet. As she returned, she saw Elsanova press her hand onto the hand sign, then enter.

Lea waited outside the bathroom. She had found her partner in crime.

*004*2018-03-06 09:58

I plan to release chapters of part II with a 2-3 day interval, so next chapter should be up tomorrow

*012*2018-03-07 11:16

So much speculation ~ I'm having a lot of fun reading it all! I try to answer every question I get, but sometimes I'll have to be a little vague if it approaches spoiler-town.

Chapter 6 - Experiments, Day Zero

This chapter was proofread by @MasterXploder, who writes awesome videogame and anime-related Omo-stories. Read his latest story at this link

.

Lunch time was ending, so quite a few students were headed down the hallway past Lea. Two chatty girls had joined her outside the bathroom - Lea assumed one of them had a toilet time coming up.

While waiting for Elsanova to leave the bathroom, Lea considered her options. Her biggest hurdle right now was figuring out a way to explain the situation to Elsanova. She couldn't exactly blurt out her secret in the middle of the hallway with so many students around.

Perhaps her plan was on the wrong track? Asking Elsanova for help was a bit risky to begin with, considering Lea didn't know the girl all that well. Even so, creating a fake afterschool science club was Lea's best idea right now, and her intentions would seem a lot more plausible if she got someone on board who was already scoring good grades in science classes.

When Elsanova left the bathroom and one of the chatty girls took her place, she tilted her head a little when she saw Lea, giving her a slightly confused look.

"You're still here? Did you want to ask something?" Lea figured this was her chance to lure Elsanova somewhere private.

"Actually, Sarah Lee said our Urene cultivation looked a little unusual, and asked us to check it out." This was, of course, a lie. But it was a good excuse to take Elsanova to the science room.

"Well, if Sarah asked, I guess we don't have a choice. Let's try to be quick about it, anyway, since my class starts in about ten minutes."

Lea quickly closed the door to the science room behind them and got the beaker she had hid in the back of the cupboard.

Elsanova looked confused. "That doesn't look right. Did we mess-" She stopped, suddenly, when she saw the crystals growing in the beaker.

During Lea's explanation, Elsanova said nothing, only nodding occasionally. However, as soon as she was finished, she spoke up.

"Let's do this."

Starting the club proved even easier than Lea had anticipated. The young, bubbly headmaster of the academy was delighted at the prospect. She had quickly called Ms. Lee to give an opinion.

Lea had expected this to be a hurdle. Sarah Lee was not exactly a stern woman, but was still likely to object to the two girls using the science room after school. However she too acquiesced to their suggestion.

They had the spare key to the science room. The Science Afterschool Club had been formed. Their experiment could begin.

It was finally time. At 16:30, after classes were over, the two girls were ready to start the first official meeting of the Science Afterschool Club. Lea locked the door and opened the cupboard containing the cultivation beakers.

Elsanova could barely hide her excitement, staring intently as Lea picked out the beaker from the back. Lea understood how she felt - this was several magnitudes greater than the kind of experiments they did during classes.

There was something else, too. Elsanova's mental focus may have been entirely directed towards Lea, but her body was distracted. Subtly, the girl fidgeted in place, causing the dark curls of her hair to bounce up and down a little.

Skipping their toilet time had been Elsanova's idea. After Lea had showed her the Urene, she had suggested they do it in order to reverse-engineer the process of Urene creation Lea had found. Their only clue, so far, was Lea's pee so it seemed natural to try that path.

Even so, Lea had been surprised with how quick Elsanova had been to suggest they break the law by voluntarily peeing outside a toilet. Her own curiosity had pushed her to agree; they were already hiding this from the teachers, so adding a minor crime to that didn't seem like a big deal after some consideration.

Lea's bladder was certainly not empty; she could go for a pee right now. Compared her two recent near-accidents though, this was nothing. Elsanova definitely seemed to need to go worse than Lea. Perhaps she had gotten a little overzealous and drank a lot in advance, Lea quietly mused.

After gearing up for safety, the duo started by getting a dropper to get a tiny amount of liquid from the beaker. They then added the liquid to an examination capsule for analysis. It was a reasonably good idea to check if the liquid itself would give them cancer before they started rooting around in it.

Setting the capsule into the machine, Elsanova ran the scans. "Well, it's mostly water. Seems like most of the other compounds of your p-pee...became part of the crystal. The other noteworthy thing is a mild contamination caused by Urene radiation." Elsanova turned to Lea. "We should compare this liquid to normal urine. If we do, we can get a better idea of what's missing."

"Sure, do you want to go?" Elsanova shifted around in her chair, so Lea figured she'd give the girl a chance to relieve herself.

"No, it's better if we compare yours, since you peed in the beaker to begin with. B-besides, I don't even need to go yet...!"

That second part was clearly a lie, but the logic made sense to Lea. "Soo... turn around?" Elsanova turned towards the window, and Lea stepped out of her lab coat and removed her panties. Positioning her nethers over the small beaker was embarrassingly familiar, at this point.

Now that it wasn't an emergency, Lea felt a little bad about doing this. She was breaking the law, after all. Still, it felt nice to get to do a somewhat normal pee once in a while. Getting her stream started was a little harder with Elsanova in the room, but after a few seconds she got a few drips and drops to come out.

Drip, Pssh, Pshh...

Elsanova's back seemed to tense up at the sound of Lea's gentle pitter-patter. Lea started to cut off her stream, which was a little harder than expected. She couldn't help but let out a few extra spurts, as it did feel very good to relieve herself.

Lea wiped herself, internally told her body pee-time was over, got her panties and lab coat back on, and got some of her fresh pee into a dropper and put a lid over the rest. She didn't want Elsanova to smell her pee if she could avoid it.

Half an hour later, and most of the tests had been run. Comparing the pee with the liquid had been interesting, but hadn't really told them anything in particular, other than that some chemical compounds were missing in the liquid. The ammonia was mostly gone compared to Lea's pee, and they couldn't find even a trace of Uric acid in there.

After comparing liquids, they had moved to analyzing the Urene crystals themselves. Most of the crystals grew off the side of the flask, but some had fallen off and were swimming in the liquid. After a brief analysis, they could identify the crystals as Urene, which was hardly a surprise at this point, but still exciting to the girls.

Finally, they had tried the red pigment, though they couldn't really make heads or tails of it. It seemed like a waste product, but neither of them had seen it before. The chemical makeup seemed to have come out of a reaction between Lea's pee and the Urene-growing solution.

The next step was reverse-engineering the process of Urene creation. Since Lea had originally peed in Ceel's experiment, Lea's and Elsanova's was still intact. Their first experiment would be simple - pee into the beaker and see if they could get the same reaction again.

For some reason, Lea really did want to empty her bladder into the beaker at this point. After her extreme holds these past two days, her bladder seemed to crave relief a little more than usual. She hoped her recent mishaps hadn't given her some weird habits.

Still, it seemed obvious that it was Elsanova's turn to pee. The raven-haired girl was obviously desperate at this point, legs pressed together and lightly dancing in place. Lea held the beaker towards Elsanova. "Your turn?"

Surprisingly, Elsanova shook her head. "N-no, you can go... I'm a little p-pee-shy, so I probably wouldn't even be able to start unless I had to go...!"

Lea questioned Elsanova's logic - if the girl was trying to conceal her need she was failing miserably. However, the offer was a little too tempting for Lea to refuse. Lea felt a little guilty about it, but she handed Elsanova the beaker and started to get ready.

This time, Lea wasn't to be given any privacy. The girls had agreed that one would observe the reaction in the beaker while the other peed - and if a little bit of modesty had to be sacrificed in the name of science, so be it.

Lea was a little uncomfortable showing her naughty bits to Elsanova, but got over it pretty quickly. Elsanova seemed unfazed, her attention divided solely on the contents of the beaker, getting ready to observe whatever was about to happen in there.

Even though she was being watched, starting her pee was easier than last time. Lea stifled a small moan as she allowed her bladder to fully drain. Elsanova watched the beaker seriously, but it was pretty clear that watching Lea get her relief wasn't easy for her. With as much of her attention as she could muster on the beaker she seemed almost like a young child desperate for a pee, but glued to her favorite tv-program.

When the last drops left Lea's body, she could more easily see what was going on in the beaker. What she saw was pretty disappointing. The liquid in the beaker had not changed color, and the cultivation solution had not changed into Urene crystals.

Lea started. "Should I-"

"N-no, just hold it like this for a little longer... I want to see if something changes." Elsanova was sitting on her heel and shivering while staring into the beaker.

Lea suddenly became aware of just how compromizing this position was. If Elsanova raised her gaze slightly she would see Lea's pussy, wet with pee and occasionally letting a drop fall down into the beaker. Lea blushed a little, then reprimanded herself for being silly.

After almost a minute of mostly nothing, the girls set the beaker on the table. It was filled with pee, crystal solution and disappointment.

Lea pointed out the elephant in the room. "So. It didn't work."

Elsanova sighed. Now that she didn't have to watch Lea pee anymore, the girl seemed to have regained most of her composture even though her legs were still crossed. "Yeah, either something was different about your pee... or Ceel screwed up the crystal solution somehow."

That would be the worst-case scenario. If the Urene-creating solution was Ceel's mistake, trying to figure out what she had done differently would be nigh impossible.

"Maybe Ceel remembers if she did something different, we could ask her tomorrow." Lea tried to be hopeful.

Elsanova was fidgeting and had a bit of a worried look to her. It seemed as though she was tempted to call it a day so she could catch her next time toilet time and get some privacy for her clearly needed relief. "No. There are still things we haven't tried yet."

For their second attempt, the girls once again started to replicate the process to create the cultivation solution. Since the process may be affected by time, they created three sets of beakers to try and find the right age for the solution.

Doing so took another twenty minutes, and Lea was getting worried about Elsanova's state at this point. The raven-haired girl was determined in her work, but her bladder was clearly at the edge. Occasionally, she would let out a little gasp or moan and she was curtseying a lot.

Lea considered trying to call it a day again, as she didn't want to endanger Elsanova's panties. However, she didn't even know if there was a toilet time coming up for the poor girl - if there wasn't, then stopping might be even worse at this rate. If they kept going, Elsanova could at least be convinced to pee in the beaker.

"Ah...!" Elsanova tensed. Her hands were balling at her sides; up until now, she had not been holding herself directly.

It was clear Elsanova's pride wasn't allowing her to acknowledge her desperation. Lea had an idea to save her friend. "Let's try and see if we can get a reaction now, then we can do the second one in about half a day and the third one tomorrow night."

"S-sure... that seems like a-ah...! A good idea..." Elsanova's commitment to science was still there, even if her control was slipping.

"Well, I don't have any pee left in me, so I suppose it's your turn now." Lea started to get one of the beakers.

Elsanova blushed, but couldn't conceal some hope flashing across her face. "I-I... I guess so...! I... don't have to go so bad, b-but I guess we don't have a choice..."

Lea got the beaker, and Elsanova started to strip somewhat reluctantly. Lea couldn't help but notice a small wet patch on the girl's white cotton panties, but kept her mouth shut as she got into position.

While Elsanova's labia spread over the beaker, Lea expected a stream to appear almost instantly. However, for what seemed like an eternity, nothing came out.

Elsanova was the first to speak up. "I... I... I'm a little pee...! pee-shy...!"

Lea sneaked a glance up to the girl. Elsanova's face was scrunched up in a mad mixture. She was blushing like crazy and her eyes watered while she seemed torn between determination, absolute mortification and the agony of her full bladder. Lea could even see that the girl's lower stomach was bulging out a little, but quickly averted her gaze in respect of her friend's privacy.

The following seconds were pretty hard on Lea as well. After her recent bladder disaster, she wanted her friend to be able to relieve herself of her pain. Even though her own bladder was almost completely empty, it seemed to cry out in sympathy.

"I...! I can't!" Hearing this tore Lea's heart with guilt. She didn't want her new friend to hurt this way, wished for a way to relieve her of her pain. Lea's unconcious mind registered a strange clicking sound from somewhere in the room, but it seemed a lot less relevant that Elsanova's full bladder.

The door to the science room opened.

Lea turned her head towards it. This wasn't supposed to happen; no one should be coming in here for at least another half an hour. And this was the worst possible moment for this to happen.

Suddenly, Lea heard something else.

Psh... Pssshhhhh...!

*015*2018-03-07 16:43

{{13 minutes ago, Sake said:

Looks like you've got two different drafts of this paragraph right in a row, eh?

}}

That must have been caused by Time Travel.

*017*2018-03-08 17:51

Because I got sick as a dog, the releases of new chapters might be a little slower, but it shouldn't be too bad.

*021*2018-03-09 09:14

@YourFNF

I will probably not go into that level of detail describing the science behind Urene, since that won't be relevant to the main story. I also think it's good to give the audience some room for speculation.

That doesn't mean that there aren't a lot of unanswered questions about Urene at this point in the story, of course.

*024*2018-03-12 09:56

I'm (mostly) well now. Life keeps getting in the way, but here is chapter 7!

Chapter 7 - The Truth

This chapter was proofread by @MasterXploder, who writes awesome videogame and anime-related Omo-stories. Read his latest story at this link

.

Sarah Lee loved her job. Sixteen years ago, the world had changed: humans, previously the top dogs of their planet, had been humbled by the Alien Federation. Before then, the world had seemed conquered by human ingenuity. Now, something new had appeared, unknown and exciting. Now, she taught the boys and girls who grew up in this new world, free from the bias of adults. Surely the torch of humanity would shine brightly in their hands.

Merrily skipping down the hallway, Sarah noticed she was getting some stares. She assumed a slightly more ladylike walk; she didn't want her excitement to cause a wardrobe malfunction since she was wearing a pretty short skirt. The blonde woman was quite full-bodied, and usually dressed somewhat formally. Even so, most students knew that underneath that very thin layer of sexy elegance was an excitable and bubbly young teacher.

This week was especially exciting for her. This was the first time she got to use the Urene creation chemistry class she had designed. Having the students conduct experiments right on the cutting edge of new science would no doubt light a fire for learning in their hearts!

The school bell rang. Sarah decided to swing by the chemistry lab to check on the crystal growth before heading to the teacher's lounge.

The door to the lab was slightly ajar, so Sarah assumed the janitor was in to clean the room.

Trying to make as little sound as possible, Sarah opened the door, only to hastily shut it again. "Oh my," she whispered. Someone had been using a lab beaker for a bit of emergency relief. Now, responsible teacher-Sarah should probably reprimand the girl in there. However, she was generally quite understanding of urinary emergencies, especially after yesterday.

When the Urene experiment had been conducted, Sarah had been affected by a little more Urene radiation than she had hoped. While the radiation wasn't harmful, it did have one very embarrassing side effect. Then, the teacher meeting had been extended, causing her to miss her toilet time. And then…

Sarah cut off her train of thought, her face now a little flush. She decided she would let this peeing girl in the lab be. However, she had to make sure the beaker was cleaned properly afterwards, so she stuck around outside the lab.

Staying out of sight, Sarah waited for the perpetrator to leave the room so she could go inside. A girl left the lab and hurried down the hallway. Leanore. The brown-haired girl loved science and learning new things, and Sarah quite liked her as a student. Sarah was glad she had decided to let the pee incident slide before identifying the perpetrator. She didn't want to play favorites, after all.

After Leanore was out of sight, Sarah entered the lab. There was, of course, the possibility that Leanore had cleaned the beaker herself, but Sarah didn't want to risk leaving a peed-in beaker in the cupboard. It would smell, and risk messing up future experiments.

Briefly checking the unused beakers, all seemed clean and dry. However, the beaker Sarah was looking for should be at least a little wet - either from water or pee.

Sarah moved on to the lowest door in the cupboard. Yesterday's crystal experiments were here, as well as some the unused large beakers. At first, nothing seemed out of the ordinary, but Sarah found a beaker full of liquid stashed away in a corner.

Annoyance flashed through the young teacher's mind. Apparently, Leanore hadn't even bothered to empty the beaker of pee, let alone cleaned it out. Sarah hadn't pinned the girl as careless, but she might have to have a talk about this after all. Leaving a beaker filled with urine in the science lab broke the limit of what Sarah considered acceptable behavior by a wide margin.

Her brief anger was interrupted by something inside the liquid. It was replaced by confusion, then incredible thrill, then more confusion.

How was this possible? Her mouth formed the words, but she did not make a sound. And what does it mean?

The label on the beaker read: Ceel, Fannya. Had she been mistaken? Perhaps this liquid was not, in fact, urine but the result of successful Urene creation? That seemed very unlikely, and still left Leanore's pee unaccounted for. Was it some incredible coincidence? Had Ceel and Fannya gotten the process right, only for Leanore to pee in it?

Sarah vowed to get to the bottom of this. Whatever was going on here could be humankind's next big breakthrough. She would have to talk to Leanore and perhaps also Ceel and Fannya later to attempt to glean the truth from them. If this wasn't some sort of fluke, she wanted to help her students be a part of the scientific breakthrough they had found.

She contemplated going directly to the headmaster with this information, but decided against it. Until she had at least talked to the girls and was able to better understand the situation, she would keep it to herself.

After classes were over for the day, Sarah was ready to set her plan into motion. She'd start by swinging by the headmaster to have her call for Leanore, Ceel and Fannya.

Sarah was also bursting for a whizz at this point. She had generously given her first toilet time to a desperate student during lunch whose home toilet had apparently been affected by the recent construction work around the city. Her next toilet time was coming up soon, but she worried she might miss the chance to meet with the girls today if she went now. Hopefully a chance to do both would present itself.

Sarah headed to the office next to the teacher's lounge. She was surprised to find Leanore and Elsanova there, talking to the headmaster.

The most noteworthy thing about the headmaster was her young age and tiny stature. Lena Cassette was several years younger than Sarah, and almost a head shorter, but had served her role as headmaster well since she got the job about a year ago. "Oh! Sarah! It's great you're here! We were just talking about something brilliant!"

Sarah wondered if the girls had come to talk about the Urene in the lab. That would save her some effort, but might cause her to miss her toilet time.

Elsanova spoke. "We're starting a new club, Lea and I; The Science Afterschool Club. We'll arrange activities to promote science, and have homework study sessions after classes are over. We'd like to request access to the science lab for this."

The dots were connecting in Sarah's head. Lena had turned her head to Sarah, looking hopefully and excitedly at the older teacher. "Isn't it a fantastic idea? You were talking about something like this before, weren't you?"

Sarah glanced towards the two students, who were determinedly staring back at her. "Yes, I'll allow it. You've both demonstrated responsibility during my classes, so I trust you with this." As she spoke, she scanned the girl's faces to see how they'd react.

Leanore beamed. "Thanks a lot! We'd like to get started with figuring out ways to recruit new members as soon as possible."

Sarah decided she'd test the waters a little. "So do you really need the science room today, then? If that's all, a normal group room should suffice."

After a very brief pause, Elsanova was the one to respond. "Oh! We were getting to that! We are also going to be planning an experiment session for the first-years. They haven't seen the cheese experiment yet, which I know is mostly flashy, but that's good enough, I think."

Apparently the two of them had come prepared, Sarah thought as she subtly crossed one leg over the other. The cheese experiment was, as Elsanova said, mostly a flashy "look, we're sciencing!" type experiment, but that made it all the more perfect to show to the first-years.

Sarah had basically figured out what was going on at this point. Letting the girls experiment by themselves would be extremely irresponsible, but it was going to be a perfect opportunity to talk to Leanore in private. She highly suspected that they were going to experiment on the Urene by themselves, something she could not allow without at least supervising them. This would give her the time for a quick bathroom visit, too.

She picked the spare key out of her pocket and gave it to the girls. "I want the room locked by half an hour before school closes, at the latest. You can find me at my desk if you need me. This goes without saying, but set time aside for cleaning. I don’t want cheese on the floor."

The girls nodded eagerly, and left the room in a hurry.

Now that the girls had left, Sarah once again became aware of her bladder. It was definitely full, but not really critical. Since twenty-five, Sarah had gotten pretty good at holding it in; at the age of twenty-eight, Sarah was old enough to clearly remember what the world was like before the Federation.

Lena turned to Sarah. "So, did you have any business with me, too?"

"Ah, yes, but my toilet time is coming up in just a minute. It wasn't that important, I'll return later." Sarah's original reason for coming here had simply been to make the headmaster call the girls to the office. Even though she still wanted to talk to Ceel and Fannya later, there wasn't much point to doing that now.

Lena sighed, gently. "I'll come with you, then. Mine is not for a while, but I was just about to take a break from work." Sarah hadn't noticed it before, but the tiny headmaster's voice seemed a little more strained than usual.

However, when Sarah tried to open the wooden door leading out of the office, it would not budge an inch. Elsanova and Leanore had just exited through it, but somehow the door's lock had become jammed since then.

Lena had left her desk, and was standing right behind her. "Is there a problem?"

"The door won't open..." Sarah tried pushing the handle a few more times.

"Oh! This happens all the time. I really ought to get it fixed. Let me try to open it."

Sarah moved out of the way. However, she was shocked to see Lena getting some distance from the door, then forcefully ramming it with her shoulder.

*BANG!*

Whatever result Lena had been expecting, this probably wasn't it. Her fierce charge caused the door's handle to fall off completely, but the door remained stuck.

"I- Oops. That's not what usually happens." Sarah privately wondered how common an occurrence this was. She would have to bring up a door budget during the next personnel meet.

Rushing headfirst into an unbudging door seemed to have been more than a little shocking for Lena. All of a sudden, her face was flush with color. She tensed up. "Eep!"

Sarah came to her side. "Are you hurt?"

Lena's breathing was a little pained, but she quickly composed herself. "N-no. I'm fine, I was expecting the door to open, that's all."

Things were not going according to Sarah's plan. Her own toilet time was coming up in just a few minutes, and other than the door there was no apparent way to leave the room. The windows would have been an option, but the office was on the second floor. Trying to leave that way would not only be dangerous, it would also make Sarah seem totally nuts.

Lena grabbed her phone out of her jeans pocket. "W-Well. I'm calling the janitor to break us out."

Twenty minutes later, and the two women were still stuck in the office. The janitor had come by just a few minutes ago, checked the door, then left to get some tools.

At this point, it was quite clear that Lena was suffering from a full bladder, too. She'd mostly kept quiet during their confinement, but had kept her legs crossed for the past couple of minutes while shooting worried glances towards Sarah.

Sarah was doing a little better. Her short skirt did feel somewhat constricting around her hard abdomen, but it was nothing she couldn't handle. Sarah's next toilet time was scheduled for 18:30. It was clear things were going to get very uncomfortable for the teacher, but she had something even more pressing to worry about.

Her plan to meet the girls in the lab seemed to have backfired; they had likely already started running experiments at this point. When the janitor had come by, she had strongly considered simply making him rush down to the lab, but had decided against it. Her own somewhat selfish decision had led to this; she didn't want to potentially get the girls into trouble for it.

She was brought out of her fret by Lena's frantic potty dance. The younger woman was stomping back and forth across the room, hands buried between her crossed legs. "O-Oh... Sarah, do you think we'll be out of h-here soon?"

"I'm sure the janitor will be here any second now." Sarah was glad she was still able to maintain her composure in front of her boss, even in a situation like this.

"Mmph!" Lena stopped her pacing to really squeeze herself. "I-ah! I didn't expect this to get so... Bad...! Oh, Sarah, I... I'm sorry you have to see me in such a state." Lena let go of herself, but kept her legs locked together. She looked intently at Sarah, blushing. "I just hadn't had a chance to p-pe... do it since before lunch!"

Sarah had been going without a bathroom break since 8:20, but kept her mouth shut. The headmaster was quite diminutive, after all. It made sense her bladder would be smaller than Sarah's honed organ.

"Don't worry about it, Lena. It's bound to happen to everyone at some point, in this day and age. I'm sure you'll make it."

Lena kept her pained expression, but nodded. "Y-Yes... What kind of example would I set o-otherwise!?"

Dangit, he better not have forgotten about us!

Ten minutes later, and the women were still stuck in the office. Lena's condition had, at this point, gone from "desperate" to "critical".

"Oooh..." Lena let out a wail of anguish through her grit teeth. "I-I was going to use my b-break and go to the public bathroom... But I-I don't think I can make that anymore...!"

Lena was looking around the room for some sort of solution, but clearly she had trouble focusing at this point. Her eyes would wander somewhere, then quickly dart back to her legs as she gave herself a tight squeeze using her legs and both hands.

"Um... Do you have a toilet time soon? We've been here for a while, at this point.” Sarah tried to turn the conversation to something more constructive.

Hope and shame flashed across Lena's flush face. "I... I don't... C-can you t-tell me wh-what the time is? P-please..."

Sarah felt a bit of pity as she checked her arm for the time. "It's 17:07. Is that good?"

Lena shone with a bit of newfound hope. "O-oh! My time is in just ten minutes then! I.. I can make that..!"

Sarah was relieved for Lena's sake. At least then one of them that needed it most would get it soon.

Lena's posture seemed a little more natural. "To-toilet! Soon, I'll get to d-do it! In just ten minutes... I'll finally be a-able to p-pee!"

Lena's desperate rambling was having a bit of an effect on Sarah's own bladder. "Should we talk about something els-"

"G-get out of these tight j-jeans... Take... Take off... Take them off...! And f-finally empty my bladder...! Ah!"

*Psh!*

A sizeable wet spot appeared on Lena's blue jeans, and the tiniest rivulet of liquid sneaked it's way down her inner thigh. "Y-You need to think about something else, Lena!"

"Haah! Ah! I-I I can h-hold it, I-I. I just h-had to let a tiny bit out, is a-all!" Lena's expression was somewhere between "frantic panic" and "caught with her hands in the cookie jar"."I-I, don't w-worry! There i-is still so much left in my b-b-bladder! I'll let it all o-out in the toilet, p-proper..! You'll s-... Y-you'll... You... Y- Aaahhh!"

*Psssssssshhh!*

Lena's face gradually melted into the image of heavenly relief. Her entire body was shaking as she let loose the contents of her absolute limit. A rather respectable puddle formed under her shuddering form, created from the pitter-patter under the hem of her saturated jeans.

"Ooooh... My..." Lena shivered gently as her accident came to a close. She opened her eyes. "I'm sorry I... You know... This is not the sort of thing a headmaster should be doing, is it?"

Sarah brought her finger to her mouth. "Don't worry about it. This only happened because of your commitment to your job, right? Is there anything for you to change into in here?"

"T-Thank you..." Lena still looked quite ashamed, but at least it didn't seem like she was going to start crying any more. "There's some outdoor-wear in the closet. If you would turn around?"

Sarah could hear Lena clean herself up and change into the baggy outdoor trousers. When she turned back around, she blushed a little at the sight of Lena's drenched jeans and panties, neatly folded on the floor.

"Hey, are you two still in there?" The two women jumped at the voice.

Lena seemed a little out of it, so Sarah quickly spoke up. "Y-yes! Hurry up and get us out of here!"

A moment later, the door was open again. The janitor beamed with a goofy smile at his handiwork, but Sarah had no time to stick around - she had wasted way too much time at this point.

Just as she was about to exit the office, Lena stopped her. "U-um, you needed to use the toilet, right? You can have my time, since, you know..."

Sarah considered the offer. On the one hand, she needed to go to the lab ASAP. On the other, her bladder was seriously becoming an issue at this point; and Lena's intense accident certainly hadn't helped matters.

"Sure, thank you."

They quickly made their way to the B-block toilet. Due to the circumstances, she had left the girls in the science lab for almost fifty minutes. She trusted that they would be fine just a little longer. She did not have nearly as much faith in her bladder; it felt very hard and hurt a little.

After she entered the toilet, Sarah did feel a little guilty. The only reason she was even able to get her relief here was because Lena hadn't been able to make it. Perhaps she would need to work even harder on her willpower if she was to truly help the next generation.

However, a great pang from her aching abdomen caused her to hurry towards the white porcelain. She quickly hoisted up her skirt and lowered her pristine panties. Consuming the seat with her butt, she let loose.

Oh, it felt heavenly. The volume and force of her stream made it clear just how full the woman had been just a second ago. Sarah opened her legs a little, pushing her skirt even further up her midsection. She tried applying a little bit of extra force, since she wanted to finish her pee as soon as possible.

As her very relieving pee was coming to a close, Sarah let a throaty moan slip. It was the kind of sound Sarah would never let out intentionally if it weren't for the toilet's soundproofed walls. She got some toilet paper and quickly wiped herself clean-ish.

Finally, she could head down to the science lab.

At the door, she paused for a second. She had taken way longer to get here than anticipated. If she was right and the girls were experimenting without permission, they had been given ample time. She was convinced they wouldn't do anything too dangerous, but standing just by the closed door made her worry nonetheless. Then there was the possibility that they had already left, and wouldn't that be a disappointment? Sarah shook her head, fiddled with her keys for a bit to get the right one, then opened the door.

The sight that greeted her was, in a word, shocking.

The door to the science room opened.

Lea turned her head towards it. This wasn't supposed to happen. No one should be coming in here for at least another half an hour. And this was the worst possible moment for this to happen.

Suddenly, a different sound caught Lea's attention. Elsanova was peeing, quite forcefully, into the beaker. Lea's mind raced. This was a very compromising situation for the two of them to be caught in, how would they-

With her attention shifted back towards Elsanova, Lea finally noticed. Inside the beaker, a reaction was occurring. The reaction. Lea's mind went into hyperdrive, what had previously seemed like a massive crisis was repressed through tunnel vision. A split second passed, but for Lea it seemed as though she spent an hour observing to beaker.

And during that split second Lea's brain pulsed with electrifying activity. The process had worked. Which meant the determining factor had been the pee, rather than the growing solution. And there was only one common factor between the pees Lea could think of - when the process had worked, both Lea and Elsanova had been extremely desperate, which meant...

It sounded silly to the point where Lea almost wanted to laugh. However, she realised that her thought process didn't end there. When the federation had made their treaty with humans sixteen years ago, they had given Earth the brief document detailing laws, trade and toilet times. The toilet directives limited how often an individual was allowed to use a bathroom and outlawed non-federation toilets.

Lea felt a strange mixture of excitement and fear as the true purpose of the directives dawned on her.

Urene was created using a desperate pee.

