Dark and Stormy

Author: DarkAndStormy

*000*2023-09-20 21:57

Ok, so this is another one written for an ex as an explainer of what I like, shared with her permission. Contains quite a lot of sex-stuff, although no actual sex, mostly receiving hand/blowjobs... Briefly references the other story I have posted.

***

It’s the middle of the night when we both stir slightly awake. Our sleep is fitful, probably because of the Dark and Stormies we were drinking right up until we went to bed. I’m spooning you, and you feel so cosy and safe with about as much skin contact as is possible. Nonetheless: “I have to pee,” you say, and start to shuffle out of my arms.

“Mmh, no you don’t” I answer sleepily, “just cuddle me instead”. You know I’d have let you go, but you’re so comfortable and you don’t have to go that bad. You decide a few more minutes cuddling is actually a much better idea. I squeeze you tight. You fall asleep again quickly.

You sleep heavily now. Always the way once the alcohol is out of your system. You dream of that time you wet yourself in Amsterdam, and of how much you had enjoyed telling me what had happened afterwards. It’s somewhere between a sex dream and a wake-up-you-need-a-wee dream.

Suddenly you do wake up. It’s morning now and lazy cloudy light is drifting through cracks in my curtains. You had been peeing uncontrollably in your dream. You instinctively shove a hand between your legs and, since it’s happened once or twice before, are genuinely surprised that your underwear is dry. Despite this, you’re aware that your pussy is not.

I stir next to you, vaguely aware of your sudden movement. Our eyes meet, me relaxed, you not so relaxed. “Ahh, I fell asleep and didn’t pee,” you say, and quickly roll out of bed and hurry to the door. My eyes are barely open but I appreciate your arse in your light blue pants; you’re otherwise completely naked. I also appreciate the urgency in your movements, you can’t stand still as you open the door and go through to the hall.

You’re back in a couple of seconds, “Someone’s in the bathroom,” you say, and sure enough the shower sputters to life through the wall, “and I really need to piss.” As if to emphasise your point you squeeze your thighs together and look at me pleadingly, as if there’s something I could do about your situation.

“They won’t be long, it looks like they’re late for work anyway” I say glancing at the time on my phone, “just come back to bed until then.”

You’re resigned to that being the only solution, and lying down next to me actually makes it feel slightly better. You lie facing me and smirk; you know your situation is turning me on. Sure enough, you feel my dick getting hard against your leg. I kiss you gently.

“You’re so mean!” you say teasingly, “enjoying my very uncomfortable situation. I have to pee so badly, I literally thought I was going to wet my pants when I woke up.” You choose your words carefully, as you know what your words do to me, loving teasing me. We kiss again. My hands slide down your back to your cotton-covered butt. Yours do the same to mine, naked and slightly shiny with sweat. You can’t resist teasing me some more and your right hand glides across my hip and a finger strokes my cock. As you run your finger up my shaft, eyes staring nothing but sex at me, you can feel me get harder with each heartbeat.

The shower stops. Knowing you can go soon actually makes your need worse and you shuffle around in your position. You feel my hand echo the movement of yours and a finger strokes over your underwear towards your vagina. “Mmmh, no, no, no!” you say, and push my hand away. “I think I’ll actually pee in your bed if you do that, we can fuck all morning after I can gooo!” Right on queue the bathroom door opens. You smile at me. You can’t wait to come back and ride me. You roll over to stand up, but I’m holding your wrist.

You love the control my climber’s fingers have as I grip. But you really don’t have time for my antics. “[[My Name]] let me go!” You squirm in semi-mock desperation.

“You can go,” I say, “as soon as you’ve made me come.”

My words send a twinge between your legs. More wetness that you’re confident isn’t pee this time. You know how horny I am when I’m hungover, and how much I love you getting me off, and how turned on I’d be by your situation. You’re quietly confident that you can actually win this little game. You roll back over and straddle me, sitting back and grabbing my dick. You look me in the eyes and your hand starts to move. I gasp and my back arches straight away. Now distracted by my pleasure; this is going to be easy, you think.

To make it even easier, you play up to what I like. You bite your lip and shift your hips with desperation. Your hand moving quickly is making your boobs jiggle. You catch me looking at them. At your body. At your pants. You’re everything I want and you know it. You feel so sexy.

You kiss me briefly, then move onto my neck, biting me hard, loving how I tense up. You get carried away and push my dick against your crotch through your panties. You regret it instantly, and tense your body to keep control. “Fuck, I have to peeee!” you purr in my ear.

You kiss my chest and run your fingers through my body hair. You kiss my stomach and grip my hips. When you reach my dick you’re not gentle, or subtle, but put me straight in your mouth and suck. I moan, the wetness of your mouth feels sublime on me. I look down to see a mess of brown hair, and now you’re lying on your front, on your knees on my bed, I can just about see your arse, still slowly wiggling with your discomfort.

I put a hand to the back of your head and push myself deeper. You can feel me getting harder in your throat. You’re loving it, knowing that I’m close already. The thought of me coming in your mouth distracts you. The increased pressure on your head as I gently grab your hair catches you off-guard. You whimper, and know instantly that you pissed. Just a bit. But you can feel your panties are wet.

For a second you think you’ll try to hide it from me, although I had my suspicions when I noticed a change in the way you were moving, but instead you decide to use it to help you win. You stop sucking, gently and smoothly replacing your mouth with a slowly stroking hand, and look straight at me, biting your lip. “[[My Name]], I think I just peed…”

You keep touching me as you turn around, on top of me in 69-position. The sight of the tiny dark patch on your blue underwear is almost too much. I nearly come, but steel myself. You’re sucking me again, and I know I won’t last long.

Unfortunately (for you) you’re thinking the same. Starting to wet yourself has made your need so much worse. You can’t keep still, and your arse is circling over my face. I’m so turned on, and really close, and I don’t think I’m going to be able to last much longer, what you’re doing to me is everything I want.

You push me deep into your throat, urging me to come. You can barely concentrate, and can’t even push your legs together due to your position. Another spurt of piss escapes, again getting you by surprise. You really didn’t want to pee in this position. “Fuck, I’m sorry…” you start, as I see the wet patch get bigger as you stop circling and stay still, squeezing all your muscles, barely managing to stem the flow. Piss runs down your thighs. A few drops fall onto my chest.

You hurry to stand up and I’m lying there, hard, naked, close, and covered in sweat. Your piss is on my chest, on my bed, and I love it. You look embarrassed for a second, until you realise that I obviously loved that. I look at you standing there, a combination of lust and panic in your eyes, your pants now quite wet, legs crossed.

You don’t say anything and pull me to my feet, squat down and put the head of my dick in your mouth, with one hand around the base. The other hand feels the dampness between your legs. You squeeze, the pressure there helps, (is this really a thing? It’s talked about a lot in porn, but I’ve only seen one person do it once ever) but you know you can’t wait long.

You look up at me, your hand moving fast, “fuck, [[My Name]], I’m about to wet myself!” you say between short breaths. Your words are all I need. I guide my dick into your mouth and push the back of your head so hard you can’t breathe. I’m pulsing in your throat, about to explode.

But you can’t wait any longer. Hot piss begins to flow through your fingers. You whimper as I hear it hit the floor. Splashes on my feet. I hold your head so hard as you keep sucking, feeling my come hit your throat, fill your mouth. My knees almost collapse, I steady myself with a hand against the ceiling, moaning with pleasure. You don’t even try to stop peeing anymore, and as my spasms begin to ebb you’re still pissing on my bedroom floor through your pants.

You stand up. You look amazing. You wipe come from the corner of your mouth. There’s some on one of your boobs. There’s hardly any light blue left on your underwear, and there’s still a trickle running down one of your soaking wet legs, joining the puddle on the floor.

“Oops…” You smirk at me through shuddering breaths. “Okay… shall we call it a draw?”

*001*2024-06-30 02:55

Is it bad to bump a story that I want people to read that missed the top page cos I was in my probation period, because I'm pretty fucked up at 4am just now?

