Desperate at the Gay Bar

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2022-03-28 12:51

I originally thought of this story idea back in May 2021, nearly a year ago and I have just gotten around to writing it now, by something that somebody posted on the this board where there was this gay bar where they said that the bathroom was out of order, but they had another room with three urinals in it, and I figured that that would really suck, being at a gay bar like that when there is only urinals, which would majorly suck for the women. And from there I pretty much got the basic idea for the story, and then the rest of it was pretty much spontaneous, and I got in some nice lesbian sex scenes towards the end, so all in all a pretty good story that I hope everybody enjoyed reading as much as I enjoyed writing it! Can also be read in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/9501.html

Desperate at the Gay Bar

"Come on Jill, I am sure that you will have lots of fun at the Gay bar, you're a lesbian aren't you?" Carlos said.

"Yeah but it seems like most of those bars are dominated by guys, it's hard to find a good lesbian woman at these type of bars, I was just never really one for the bar scene," Jill said.

"Okay maybe more people who go to the bar are guys, but there will probably be plenty of girls there for you as well. I always managed to pick up some guy when I am at the gay bar so there is no reason why you shouldn't be able to pick up some attractive women there."

"Okay fine, I will go to the bar with you, but I'm not really expecting all that much," Jill said as she reluctantly agreed to go to the bar with Carlos.

It didn't take long for them to arrive at the bar which was actually rather large and rather crowded.

"See with a bar this big there has to be some lucky lady out there for you," Carlos said as he started looking around. "Well it looks like the man meat buffet is open, I'll see you later Jill, good luck."

Jill felt like Carlos was abandoning her rather quickly, but she knew that he was there for one thing and one thing only, and she figured that she was probably there for the same thing, even though she was more reluctant to go and wasn't as confident as he was. But she figured she might as well make the best of the situation and see if she could find any girls that caught her fancy, although she was always rather shy at approaching other women, she had no natural instinct for it.

"There is a two drink limit at this bar," the bartender said noticing that Jill was new to the scene.

"Okay I guess I will have two drinks then," Jill said as she sat down at the bar and quickly drank down two beers. Having gotten that out of the way, Jill figured that she would try to mingle but she had to admit she felt somewhat uncomfortable at a place like this. For one thing she wasn't much of a drinker, and for the other things she was shy about crowded group situations, as they always tended to make her nervous like that. She wasn't ashamed of being a lesbian, but being in a specific bar meant solely for that purpose made her feel the whole scene was rather intimidating.

As the day went on not much was happening with Jill, but she could see that Carlos was having a good time on the dance floor with a whole bunch of other guys as he had that natural charisma that drew everybody towards him. He was much more naturally extroverted and social, so he had no trouble picking up guys. Jill had to admit though it didn't seem like anything was really happening at this bar at the moment, so she figured that maybe what she would see if Carlos was ready to get going soon, even though it certainly didn't seem like it.

"Hey stranger, have anybody special here with you," a woman said as she approached Jill. Jill had to admit that she was rather attractive as she was Asian and well proportioned in every way, just her type. "My name is Chrissy by the way."

"Jill," Jill said as she shook Chrissy's hand, the first woman that she had made any connection with all evening long. Jill had to admit she wasn't really great with making small talk in these situations. "Can I buy you a drink?"

"Actually I have already had a few, but I would like to buy you a drink," Chrissy said as they went to the bar and Jill began drinking down the drink rather quickly, as she didn't want to seem ungrateful, even though she could already feel that those two beers that she had already earlier in the night were definitely going straight to her bladder.

"So Chrissy, what do you do," Jill said subtly crossing her legs and trying not to make it obvious. She was also trying not to let her leg shake too much, but she had to admit that after three beers she had to pee noticeably bad.

"Well I work at the hospital, and you don't get many breaks at the hospital, so it's always nice to have a break after work like this," she said smiling.

"Oh, so you're a doctor, I guess you don't get many breaks during the day, probably don't even get a chance to piss," Jill said not even realizing what she said until right afterwards and realizing how crazy that might make her sound, and also hoping that she didn't give away her own situation, because all she could think about at the moment was taking a piss. She definitely had a major case of bathrooms on the brain.

"Well when you work at a hospital you learn to develop a strong bladder and just sort of ignore it and play through the pain, so to speak." As Chrissy looked down at Jill's legs and saw how tightly crossed they were and how her foot was shaking when she mentioned pissing, suddenly it occurred to her what the situation was, and she smiled even wider. "Do you think maybe I can get you another drink?"

"Another drink," Jill said swallowing deeply and thinking of all that liquid that was already sloshing around in her bladder. But she could see that Chrissy seemed to be attracted to her and was smiling at her, and she didn't want to seem rude, so she simply nodded as she began drinking some more.

As Jill quickly finished her drink she could really feel the pressure in her bladder was mounting, but she didn't want to walk away from Chrissy, as she was the first girl who had shown any interest in her all night. At the same time though she had to pee incredibly bad, to the point where it was getting difficult for her to concentrate on the conversation.

"I like a lot of things recreationally when I'm not at the hospital, swimming, waterskiing, just sitting there and watching the water crash against the beach," Chrissy said smiling.

"It sounds like you like water an awful lot," Jill said pressing her knees together and trying to sit still. She was crossing her legs and trying to do it subtly, but she could feel her fingernails digging into her knees, because now she really was having a hard time hiding the fact that she had to pee.

"Yeah, I am kind of really into liquids in general, water, and I once went to Niagara Falls, I like the sound of gentle rain on a warm summer's night."

"You don't say," Jill said crossing her legs tightly.

"Is something the matter Jill it, looks like your mind might be elsewhere at the moment, I can understand if you don't find me interesting," Chrissy said as she frowned.

"No, I find you very interesting, in fact would you like to dance," Jill said suddenly thinking of that off the top of her head.

"I thought you'd never ask," Chrissy said as Jill very slowly got up from her seat, and that was when she felt all of that pressure just rushing to her bladder, to the point where she pretty much wanted to scream out and whimper.

The two of them started slowly dancing, but although Jill was enjoying this, she also had to admit that walking around however slowly was not helping her bladder situation any. In fact all she could think about at the moment was how badly she had to pee. Right now she didn't feel like dancing, the only dancing she felt like doing was pee dancing!

"This is nice Jill, do you think maybe I could buy you another drink," Chrissy said smiling.

"Well I already had quite a few drinks and everything, and I honestly think I'm getting a little bit full," Jill said meaning her stomach, but what she really meant was her bladder.

Chrissy smiled and Jill couldn't help but notice she looked like she had a fiendish smile. "Yeah I know what you mean, it's really hard when you are drinking and you feel really really really full, just that feeling of fullness and expansion until you feel like you could just pop or explode!"

Jill was trying to press her knees together and trying to focus on her conversation with Chrissy, but she needed a bathroom so bad that she was going out of her mind and could barely sit still.

"Chrissy can you excuse me for a second, I have to attend to something, but I will definitely be right back," Jill said.

"What's so urgent all of the sudden that you are going to leave me hanging?"

Jill didn't want to admit that she was about ready to piss herself, so she tried to think of something else to say. "It's just I came here with my friend Carlos and he's my ride and everything like that, so I just thought I should check in with him, because I haven't checked in with him in a while."

Jill had to admit it sounded like a lame response, and it sounded like she was evading the question, but it was the only way she could slink off quickly to the bathroom, with the pee practically going to her brain it was pretty much the only excuse she could think of right at that moment.

"Well I was thinking if you're not doing anything tonight maybe we can come home to my place, for you know coffee or something," Chrissy said smiling. For a moment that thought of filling her bladder up with coffee on top of all of the alcohol was not that appealing, but then she realized that coffee was code for another thing, and she wasn't about to turn that down.

"You know I think I will go tell Carlos that I have a ride home for now, then he won't feel obligated to stay here if he found some guy who he wants to go off with," Jill said. "I'll be right back."

Jill quickly started making her way towards the back of the bar where the bathrooms were, and she saw two bathrooms, one looked like a single user bathroom that had an out of order sign on the door, and then there was another door next to it that had some type of symbol on it that Jill didn't recognize.

"Well thank God this bathroom doesn't seem to have a line," Jill said as she very slowly and carefully opened the next bathroom door and walked into the door, where she was surprised to see three guys who were standing at three urinals peeing very loudly. "Oh sorry, I didn't know this was a men's room!"

"But it's not a men's room," one of the man said as he flushed the urinal. "They figured that since this was a mixed sex bar with lots of gay people that they would simply separate the toilets into toilets and urinals. If you need the toilet there is a single user toilet right next door. This is just sort of like an express lane for us to pee I suppose."

The sound of all of the guys peeing loudly at the urinals was driving Jill absolutely out of her mind.

"Yeah I saw that bathroom, and it was out of order, so I was figuring that this was sort of the other bathroom," Jill said crossing and then crossing her legs and bending at the knees.

"Well this room only has urinals, but it's a unisex room, so nothing stopping you," the guy said as he laughed and left the room leaving it empty with just Jill and the urinals.

"Well okay Jill you have to go to the bathroom bad, but not that bad," she said looking at the urinals but admitting that she would love to be able to use one right now if only she had the proper anatomical equipment.

"Hey Jill," Carlos said as he walked into the bathroom and walked over to the urinal where he began peeing loudly. "What are you doing in here?"

"It's a bathroom, what do you think?" Jill said before realizing how idiotic her statement was.

Carlos looked at the three urinals and began laughing. "I didn't know you knew how to use a urinal."

"Actually I don't, is there any other bathroom in this bar?"

"Just a single user toilet right next to this room, but I guess it's out of order, so I guess it's urinals only tonight," Carlos said as Jill began whimpering.

"Well isn't that just lovely," she said biting her lip and bearing down as she shifted frrom foot to foot.

"Hey Carlos, I hope you aren't checking out other guys in here," a man said as he entered into the restroom. "Who is this, your girlfriend?"

"Jill this is Marcelo, and I think that I'm probably going to be going home with him tonight, you think you could perhaps find another ride home?" Carlos said.

Jill suddenly remembered Chrissy. "Actually you know that probably won't be a problem, as I think that I found somebody, and I think that we will be leaving together shortly."

Marcelo was peeing really loudly and it was really making Jill grit her teeth.

"You know that's really great Jill, I am glad to see that you found somebody after all, see didn't I tell you would find somebody," Carlos said as Marcelo flushed at the urinal and came over to him. "Don't we make such a lovely couple?"

"Yeah, a match made in heaven," Jill said as she followed them out of the bathroom to see Chrissy was standing there.

"Everything come out okay," Chrissy said laughing.

Jill didn't want to admit that she was just standing there talking to some guys while they relieved themselves at the urinal, so she simply laughed back. "Yes something like that. So Chrissy do you think maybe we should be getting back to your place soon?"

"What's the rush," Chrissy said smiling. "Aren't we having a lot of fun here?"

Jill practically wanted to shout that she was ready to explode, but she didn't want to admit to Chrissy that she had just been in the bathroom and did not go.

"Yeah, I guess we could stay for a little while," Jill said as Chrissy grabbed her hands.

"Great, let's get out and bust some moves on the dance floor," Chrissy said dragging Jill to the center of the room where she was now the center of attention, just like she didn't want to be.

Jill started to act like she was calm and cool and collected, but she didn't want to move around too much, because she had to go to the bathroom really bad. Chrissy by contrast was dancing all around her.

"What's the matter Jill, you seem like you are a little bit distracted again, is something wrong?" Chrissy said looking at her and smiling in a way that she found fiendish for some reason.

Jill sort of silently walked over to her and whispered in her ear. "I was kind of shy about admitting this, but I really really need the bathroom right now, like an emergency."

"Already, didn't you just go to the bathroom a few minutes ago?" Chrissy smiled. "Wait a minute you used that room with the urinals in it didn't you, you probably thought that that was a unisex bathroom and then you realized they only had urinals for the guys. It's nothing to be embarrassed about, as I made that mistake before too, I've been here a couple of times and it seems like the single user bathroom always gets clogged up, but it seems like the guys here always have an option, and since it seems like it's mostly guys here I guess that's all they care about as far as their clientele goes."

"You would think it would be better business if a bar provided more bathrooms because, then people would stay longer and drink more. I guess I should have expected as much though when I saw that there wasn't any line of women dancing around in front of the door to the bathroom. Anyway though, I really really really have to go and, well how far is it to your place exactly?"

Chrissy smiled. "It's not far. Out of my way everybody, my girlfriend needs to pee!" Chrissy said as she started pushing her way through the crowd."

Jill knew she must be blushing, as the last thing she wanted was to have it announced to the entire bar that her bladder was about to explode, but she simply followed behind Chrissy, as people seemed to be having a good laugh at their expense as she pulled Jill towards her car in the parking lot. Chrissy seemed like she was looking through her keys and taking her sweet ass time as Jill stood there dancing from leg to leg.

"Do you think that there any other places open right now that might have bathrooms," Jill said realizing that right now her bladder was ready to explode.

"Nope, I'm afraid that every place is closed except for this bar, which as you know only has receptacles that you don't really have the proper equipment for, although if you want I will hold your hands and you can back yourself up into the urinal like that and –"

"That's okay," Jill said blushing as Chrissy laughed loudly as she seemed to suddenly be really enjoying this predicament that she found herself in.

The two of them quickly got in the car as Chrissy began driving. Jill couldn't help but notice it seemed like she was going intentionally very slow, although maybe it just seemed that way because she was in a rush to get back to her place. It also seemed like she didn't make much of an effort to avoid speed bumps. It figured that they got stuck in traffic, and it seemed like a long way back to Chrissy's place.

Jill stood there shifting from leg to leg as Chrissy slowly opened the door to her house, and as soon as they were in Jill began frantically looking around to locate the bathroom.

"Where's the bathroom?!" Jill shouted, bending at the knees and practically whimpering.

"Follow me," Chrissy said as Jill followed her to the back of the house where she opened up the bathroom door before blocking Jill's way.

"Can you move for a second, I really need to use the bathroom right now," Jill said practically hopping up and down.

"Don't you want to have a little bit of fun with me though?" Chrissy said smiling.

"I really really do, but first I really really really need the bathroom."

"You really need the bathroom more than you need to have fun with me?"

What was she doing, Jill could barely concentrate, and now it seemed like this woman was playing mind games with her.

"If you want to have fun I would suggest that you start getting undressed right now," Chrissy said standing in the path of Jill's access to the toilet.

Reluctantly Jill started slipping out of her clothing, which was made more difficult by the fact that she was trying to do that while navigating a very full bladder with pissing herself on Chrissy's carpet. While she was doing that she heard a loud trickling noise and as she turned around she saw that Chrissy was sitting on the toilet with a very relaxed look on her face.

"What are you doing," Jill said turning to Chrissy sitting on the toilet seat smiling.

"What does it look like I am doing, I had to take a piss wicked bad, you have no idea," Chrissy said looking extremely relaxed before pulling up her skirt and flushing the toilet and coming towards Jill.

"I thought that you wanted to have fun first," Jill said now pressing her legs tightly together and feeling doubly vulnerable by the fact that she could be seen naked right now, and Chrissy was still remaining dressed.

"I did, I just thought that I would have a quick pee while you were getting undressed, but I'm totally ready to have fun now, so let's go."

"But what about," Jill said pointing towards the toilet.

Chrissy laughed. "You really would choose the toilet over me?"

"You know it doesn't have to be in either or thing."

"Well if you would rather use the toilet than have fun with me I don't know if I want you using my bathroom at all. Now do you want to have some fun or do you want to use the toilet?"

Jill couldn't remember the last time she needed a toilet so insanely bad, but as she was standing there with her legs tightly crossed, Chrissy began getting undressed, and was standing there naked in the doorway to the bathroom with a big smile on her face.

Jill swallowed deeply as Chrissy closed the bathroom door and they went to her bedroom, as Chrissy began kissing Jill and rubbing her body. Jill began kissing back, but she had to admit that she was still keeping her legs tightly crossed because she felt that her bladder was going to explode any second, and the fact that she was getting all excited now wasn't making that any easier.

"Careful, I am ticklish," Jill said realizing that was probably not the thing she should have said as she saw Chrissy's face burst out into the wildest smile she had ever seen.

As Chrissy pushed Jill down on the bed and began running her long fingernails over Jill's naked body, all she could think was that it was a good thing she was completely naked right now, as otherwise she would have pissed her pants. All she could hope was that Chrissy didn't mind a little bit of a wet bed now and again, but as Chrissy sat there on top of her with her hands on Jill's breasts, looking her in the eye, she thought that that was probably the last concern that she had, so she just figured she would sit back and enjoy herself.

"So how did things go with that woman at the bar," Carlos said the next day. "I hope the fact that the bathroom was out of order and that they only had urinals didn't ruin it for you, it didn't, did it?"

And as Jill thought back to the events of the night and how that one broken bathroom ended up defining everything else that happened afterwards she simply shook her head and smiled.

"No, it certainly didn't," she said laughing and Carlos could just shrug his shoulders and laugh with her.

*005*2022-03-29 16:05

@bibibibi

"Very good story! Will Chrissy and Jill end up peeing in the urinals together?"

Glad you enjoyed it, but the story basically ends where it ends, I figured that the whole idea is the fact that they had nothing but urinals is why they ended up together in the first place. The lack of adequate restrooms at the bar lead to them going home and having lots of wet fun!

$

*007*2022-04-07 13:26

@markbassplayer

Thanks for inspiring the story by telling about it on the forum 10 months ago or whatever, glad that I ultimately ended up making it an accurate story, even though I have never been to that particular bar!

