Wet movie night

Author: Damnation

*000*2016-10-02 06:37

The wind gently dances with my light brown, wavy hair. I take a deep breath as yet another slimy, dirty, lime green ripped zombie approaches me. I squeeze the giant, heavy hammer in my hand and get myself ready to smash its worthless brain craving head into a bloody mess. I can smell the rotten scent that's coming from it.

Beep beep beep

Huh? What's that?

Beep beep beep

What the heck? Where is that coming from? Am I hallucinating? Not now please, I need to defeat these nasty zombies, I don't have time for this right now.

Beep beep beep

Shit, it won't stop.

Beep beep beep

The sound is getting louder and brighter.

BEEP BEEP BEEP

I open my eyes. I'm in my cozy and warm bed, no zombies anywhere. Damn, I would have loved to beat some more zombies up. But here I am, covered with blankets without my glorious hammer. Whatever. I slowly change my position and see that your side of bed is empty. Right. You're not here. I love to wake up by your side but that's an rare occurrence. I search for my cell and send you a message. "Honey, would you mind getting your ass here tonight? I miss you." I throw the cell back to my bed. You're not going to answer in ages, you're still fast asleep a few more hours, I know you are. I know you.

I yawn and get out of the bed. The floor is cold. I go through the room with my eyes, trying to see if my woolen stockings are laying somewhere in there. And they are. I put them on my feet and head to the kitchen. I rub my eyes. I'm still tired. I put the coffee machine on and sit to wait it finish making me the delicious morning coffee. I can't live without it. I just can't wake up properly without drinking one or two cups of coffee, you know? Time passes by. I think of those zombies I smashed during the night. I never see action dreams, my dreams are rather boring usually. Now I got to see some, my stupid alarm had to wake me up during the most interesting action. What a jerk.

Oh, the coffee is ready. I stand up and get myself a mug. It's black with a text "Don't talk to me before I've drank this". I got it from you. It's my favorite. Because I got it from you. And because the statement it has on it is true. I'm not a morning person. I pour coffee into the mug and walk to the refrigerator and open its door. No milk. There's no fucking milk. Typical. Well, I have to drink the coffee black then. I sit again and start to sip the coffee while sinking back to my thoughts.

Beep beep

Huh? Did you answer already? I run to the bedroom, a coffee mug still in my hands. I left my phone there. I grab it and read the message. It is from you. "Yeah, sure. I don't know when though.. But we'll see that later, is that ok honey?" A smile raises on my face. I like it when you call me honey. It makes me feel happy and warm. Like I'm important to you. Am I silly? "That's okay, see you later :)" I reply fast and head back to the kitchen to finish my coffee.

Ah, all this coffee has made me need to pee. And I actually didn't have even a morning pee earlier. I should go now. I head to the bathroom. I lower my light blue and soft pajama pants and sit onto the toilet seat. I squeeze my stomach and bladder muscles to start peeing but then stop myself in the middle. Perhaps I could hold it instead. Yeah, I have some weird traits, like this. I like to hold and wet myself. It's kinda embarrassing. The only person I've told about it is my boyfriend. It's not actually his cup of tea but he's still totally supporting. I pull my pajama pants back on. Now, I have a plan. I try to hold it as long as when my boyfriend comes here. But... Maybe I should still have my morning pee before it, I haven't peed during the night after all.. Yeah, I'll do that. I sit back onto the toilet seat and release myself.

###

Some hours later.

Door bell. Oh, you're finally here! I run to open the door for you. I've had a lots of water and am semi desperate actually. You come in and lean towards me to give me a kiss. You have smoked a cigarette recently. I haven't had one in a while. Maybe I should go have one.

"Want to come to have a cigarette with me?" I ask.

"No, I just had one." You reply to me laughing.

"Yeah, I could taste that. Wanted to ask anyway." I say quietly and leave the room to go to the balcony.

I light my cigarette and wonder what should I do with my holding. It would be boring to quit now but I know this is not your thing and I don't know. I really don't know. What if you notice? I'm not extremely desperate but normally I would have gone by now already. I decide to keep holding, I just need to be careful, I don't want you to notice anything.

I come back inside and you're on the couch, ready for the movie. As always. You have brought all the pillows and a blanket too. I ask what are we going to watch and after you answer, I realize it's an 2,5 hours movie. I wonder if I'll last that long. I sneak under the blanket with you and we start the movie.

After half an hour I can't stay still and I'm squirming like a little bird. I restlessly change my position every now and then and concentrating on the movie is really hard. I'm not able to hold through the entire movie. But I wouldn't want to leave to the bathroom now once you're next to me, holding my hand and all. I take several deep breaths but it doesn't help. I'm still squirming and things are getting really serious. It's really hard to hold. I can't help letting a quiet moan out of my tiny mouth.

"Honey? Are you okay?" Your voice cuts my thoughts off.

"Ummm.. Y-yes, I think, I'm just.. a bit restless.." I mumble as my face turns red. Fuck, he noticed. I should really go to the bathroom now.

"Why?" You watch me searching hints from my face. "Honey, can it be... Are you by any chance holding yourself?"

Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. What I should answer? The redness on my face gets deeper.

"Why haven't you gone to the toilet? You know, we could just pause the movie?" You have the weird look on your face.

"Umm... I don't know, because.. I don't know, I wanted to.. Umm, it was nice under the blanket with you and... I thought.. I'm sorry, I should maybe go now.." It's hard to find the right words.

"No. You'll hold it since you haven't gone already. You have to hold it to the end of this movie." You say, with a weird tone of voice.

What? Why would you say that to me? It's not possible. Things like this aren't your cup of tea? Why are you saying this all out of a sudden?

"Ummm" I look you in the eyes with a silly look. "Are you sure? I mean... I mean, I don't know if..."

"You don't know what?"

"...If I'm able to do that.."

"Of course you can do it, honey. I'm by your side with this."

Perhaps I should try a bit longer for you. This is a bit strange to be honest. But I'm so desperate already and the movie isn't even near to its end yet. Why didn't I go to the bathroom after you came? Why? A great wave of desperation hits me and I quickly grab my crotch. My face turns red again. It was a close one. I try to understand something from the movie but everything just goes through my eyes and I can't catch on anything that happens. I squeeze my legs hard together and press my lips hard against each other trying to prevent myself from moaning. This is embarrassing. I haven't ever done this with someone around. The waves get stronger and I'm having them more often. I've lost my consciousness of time.

Suddenly, you lean closer to me. You put your lips on mine and start kissing me. What are you doing? Don't you see I'm fucking nearly peeing myself? I kiss you back. You hold gently my head with other hand and you put your other one on my crotch. Great. Now if I lose it, I'll lose it on your hand. And it's happening soon. No. No. No. It's happening now. Get your hand away! You rub my crotch and it's just making everything worse. How I ended up in this situation?. I'm too shy to say anything.

I try to do my best with my holding but my bladder muscles are getting really weak. I can feel small amount of pee escape. I blush. I hope you didn't notice it. You're still kissing me. Another spurt escaped. I cannot hold it anymore. Please stop kissing me. I lose the control of my bladder and quickly push you aside and hop out of the couch. I can't stop the pee coming out of me. In front of you. I'm peeing myself and you're watching as I do so. I'm so embarrassed. What are you thinking? I can't help but start sobbing. You get up too and come to hug me.

"It's okay, honey. I thought you liked to do this?"

"Yes but... I'm embarrassed to do it in front of someone.. At least when I know it's not your thing or anything..." I whisper looking the floor underneath me. It's wet.

"Don't worry about it. I wanted to try it since you like it anyway" You smile. "It wasn't the worst moment of my life."

"Are you sure?" I ask wiping the tears off my face.

"Yes, I'm sure." You say and give me yet another kiss.

