Madison's Nightmare - A Heavy Rain story

Author: Darkman9000

*000*2017-03-06 05:54

Old story from way back when the PS3 title was still fresh on people's mind.

Madison Paige awoke with a start, gasping for air as she sat bolt upright on the couch. After the initial shock wore off, she heaved a sigh and allowed herself to fall back with a soft thump. Her bosom rose and fell under the plain top as Madison held her head and groaned. The clatter of rainfall against the window was still there, the storm still going strong.

“Goddamn insomnia. Why can't I just get one peaceful night?” The dark-haired woman cursed miserably as she sat up again and righted herself into a sitting position. She switched off the TV, it's lost signal now playing nothing but snow. Picking her digital watch, she saw it was quarter to 3, the same time she always found herself like this.

Grumbling to herself about another restless night, Madison rose from the couch of her studio apartment, letting out an exhausted yawn as she went. As she slowly paced away from the couch, she adjusted the pair of panties which had ridden up on her shapely posterior.

After mulling over in her head, Madison opened the fridge by the kitchen. “Maybe something warm will help calm my nerves.” She thought as she poured herself a cup of milk, placing it into the microwave. As the machine hummed softly, Madison tried stretching, letting out a drawn-out yawn as she wriggled her fingers. But the sudden sight of a shadow out of the corner of her eye made her stop.

“Huh? What was that?” She turned, only to see nothing at all out of place. Shrugging, she turned to look out the window, the dim purple glow of the massive neon sign flowing into the room.

BEEP

Madison had almost forgotten about her drink as the microwave chimer went off. Taking the cup out, she gave it a few seconds to cool before taking a sip. As she drank, she sat at the table, where the latest newspaper lay open.

“Seems like no one has anything to talk about except the Origami Killer.” Madison murmured to herself as she flipped through the paper, nearly every article mentioning or discussing the infamous serial murderer. It had only been about two days now since that last child's body was found by the railroad.

“Just awful. I hope the family will be ok...” She stared into the glass of milk, mentally regretting making herself feel even more depressed than she already was. Pushing the paper away and finishing the cup, Madison stood up and placed the empty mug in the sink.

Still not feeling sleepy in the least, Madison had a thought. “A shower might help calm me down.” And the young photojournalist strolled across the apartment to the corner door of her bathroom. Flicking on the light, she shivered slightly at the feel of the cold floor under her feet.

“Great, now I have to pee.” She mumbled as she felt her bladder pang slightly as the chill completely woke up her body. Rounding the wall beside the door, Madison came to the toilet in the little nook where the porcelain throne sat quietly in the shadows. Pulling down her panties, Madison sat on the cool seat with a sigh. Instantly, pee began to steadily dribble from her before becoming a steady stream that trickled loudly in the bowl which lasted for about 15 seconds.

Once she was finished, Madison wiped and flushed. Moving past the large birdbath like sink in the center of the room, she stopped by a chair near the right entrance of her walk-in shower. She pulled off the top, then her panties, and tossed both onto the chair. Stepping into the shower, she switched on the hot water, the shower head blasting at full power.

“At least it's better than all that freezing crap falling outside.” She mused as she turned around to let the water wash over her whole body. It wasn't a guaranteed remedy for her insomnia, but it always did help to calm her nerves on these kinds of nights. What with the absurd rainfall and the renewed threat of the Origami Killer, it wasn't a very cheery time of the year for Madison, or anyone really.

“Hopefully Sam will have some leads for me to consider tomorrow.” Madison wondered as she leaned against the wall, feeling the water trailing down her breasts and thighs. Once she felt like enough was enough, she turned off the shower and stepped out. Grabbing a towel hanging by the wall, she dried herself and then reapplied her top and panties.

“Mm, maybe now I can get some sleep.” Madison thought aloud as she turned off the lights and opened the bathroom door. But as she stepped out, she was overcome by a strange lightheaded feeling. As it cleared, Madison noticed a perturbing sight, the refrigerator door was open.

“Ok, stay calm. You're sleep deprived, and it's making you crazy. Get a grip.” She admonished herself, trying to calm herself as a wave of unease gripped her. She would close the fridge and call it a night, simple as that. But just as Madison reached out to shut the door, the lights completely went out.

“Huh?!” She gasped, startled by the sudden disappearance of the light. Was there a power failure? But this thought was broken by the sound of something moving just beyond the partition near her bed.

“What the?!” Madison suppressed the urge to squeal in fright as she turned around, just barely catching sight of what looked like a man in black.

Someone's in the room! Madison mentally screamed, ducking beside the refrigerator as she scanned the darkened apartment. Her tired eyes were betraying her, making it look like there several figures darting in and out of sight.

Should I try to phone for help? No, the line might be dead... The door, it's the only way out! Her mind was frantically trying to figure out a solution, all the while her unseen stalker might be lurking nearby. Screw this, I'm out of here!

Madison hastily made a dash for the door, not wanting to waste another second in this place. But just as she gripped the handle, the entire door jerked back, as if being pulled on from the other side. Now she was getting freaked, what was happening?

Madison did not see the pair of gloved hands that quickly reached out from behind her.

“Aaaah!” The woman screamed out as a ski masked man grappled her in a choke hold. Adrenaline kicked in and Madison began thrashing about, pulling her forward in a desperate bid for escape. Luckily, she was closed enough to the door and she made use of it. Kicking off with her feet, she and the assailant tumbled to the floor, Madison scrambling to her feet.

But her attacker was quick on the recovery as well. Grabbing the nearby ladder that had been left out from the recent renovation, Madison knocked over the man, who held out his hands to block the falling steps. Backing away, Madison once more payed for her carelessness as another man grabbed her ankles and tripped her.

There's two of them? She cried inwardly as she gasped and kicked at the second man. Pushing past him, she was halfway past the table of the kitchen when the man tackled her and threw her onto the stove top. Dazed for a second, Madison watched in wide eyed terror as the man brandished a knife.

Letting out a terrifying yell, the man lunged at her, making a downward swipe. Madison tried to fend off the swing, but just barely managed to keep the tip of the blade with her left arm. Grabbing one of the corncob holders from a previous dinner, Madison stabbed it into the man's neck, his muffled voice howling in pain as he stumbled back.

As she attempted to push past the man, the first one reappeared and forcefully tossed her onto the table. A third man then grasped her by the wrists and pulled her across the surface, while the first pulled out a knife of his own and attempted to bring it down on Madison. Kicking with all her might, Madison planted her bare foot into man's crotch, sneering as he let out a pained groan. Taking advantage of the third's momentary surprise, Madison wrested her arms free and crawled across the table.

“HYAA!” She grabbed one of the chair, weakly throwing it onto the table and tripping the third man as he tried to run across the table. Madison didn't even think to look back as she darted down the narrow hall between the partitions and windows. But another of the masked men appeared to block her path, and another behind her.

“Leave me alone!” She screamed, and tried to push by the one on her left. But he was too strong and the two became locked into a struggle. The man attempted to shove Madison into the glass window of the partition, just barely avoiding a collision by holding out her hands. Throwing herself back, the two tumbled into the bedroom area.

Think! Think! Think! Madison frantically thought, then grabbed the nearby standing lamp and threw it at the charging man, who fell back as he fumbled with the fixture. Just as Madison turned to head for the steps again, yet another man appeared, wildly swinging with his hands. Madison stumbled back and fell onto her bed, cringing away from the swinging fists that pelted her outstretched arms.

Standing up quickly, Madison leapt bodily onto the man, and the two crashed through one end of the partition, landing harshly on the elevated part of the room. Scrambling back to her feet, Madison tipped the TV, which landed nicely on the pursuing man's foot and making him fall over. But as Madison made a second dash for the door, a fist came out of nowhere and clocked her on the chin.

“Aah!” She cried as two men surrounded her, one shoving her to the floor while the other grabbed her by the hair and slammed her head into the coffee table, shattering it. Once again knives appeared and the one who shoved her prepared to accomplish what his cohort hadn't. Grabbing a shard of glass, Madison jammed into the ankle of the nearest man, who yowled with pain and tumbled over the couch, dropping his knife. Taking the blade, Madison viciously drove it into the second's groin, he too falling to the floor in agonizing pain.

“Hah... hah... hah...” Madison panted as she tried to crawl away, the two men struggling to grab at her despite their injuries. Thankfully, Madison was out of reach and she fumbled back towards the bathroom, throwing the door open and then slamming it behind her.

Oh man oh man oh man oh man! Madison panted as she backed away from the locked door, waiting for the inevitable slamming and pounding. But nothing came, had they given up?

“Doubtful.” She mumbled breathlessly, then groaned as she was overcome by an aching sensation in her abdomen. In all the confusion and panic, Madison's bowels reared their ugly head. A hell of a time, she fumed. But the pain spiked suddenly and Madison cried out as she turned and leaned over the sink.

“Hgggh!” She grunted as she felt the air force out of her lungs as she felt her anus peel open around a thick log. Shivering and quivering, Madison Paige was helpless as her body loudly deposited a thick cable into her panties with an echoing crackle. Grunted harshly, Madison gave in and pushed, feeling the shit squeeze itself from her body and sagging the panties.

“Nyyygggh-agggh!” Madison groaned, both in exasperation and overwhelming anxiety. After a few moments, the log finished coming out and Madison let out a heavy sigh. That same lightheaded suddenly returned, and Madison stumbled back, looking around the bathroom anxiously.

She never had time to scream as a hand wrapped itself around her mouth and a second slit her throat.

Madison Paige awoke with a start, gasping for air as she sat bolt upright on the couch. Another dream? She held head her head, then felt a strange, alien feeling on her butt.

“What the...?” Madison rolled onto her side, and gasped as she saw the horrid, squished mess of poop that was sitting in her panties. Her expression shifted from disbelief, anger, confusion, and just about everything in between. With a tired groan, she gingerly scooted off the couch.

“Goddamn insomnia...” She grumbled as she waddled toward the bathroom., casting one last look outside the window to the heavy rain that pelted outside.

THE END

*002*2017-03-06 23:07

{{7 hours ago, Bellatrixfan said:

That was very good =)

}}

Thanks, glad you liked it.

