Era of Survival 2.0 - Fiction inspired by SAO and Log Horizon

Author: Darksyn

*000*2017-10-18 23:53

Author's Note: This is a reboot of a piece of fanfiction I feel unable to continue in the form it currently exists in. Specific in-universe mechanics and overall setting have also been changed - Instead of using Aincrad and the SAO-verse, the story will take place in a setting of its' own - Though one that takes inspiration both from SAO and Log Horizon, as mentioned in the thread title. There may be references to canon characters from either series, and perhaps a rare cameo, but the focus will be wholly on the adventures of one girl and the people she comes across.

Additionally, this story will feature some fairly dark content throughout, both due to behavior of player characters and the mechanics of the rather hardcore Era of Survival game itself - Anybody particularly averse to semi-realistic (Game-ified partially) injuries or combat, discussion and use of controlled substances, sexual harassment (and potentially worse, though mentioned and not shown) and other such dark/mature content would best avoid the story in general - I am writing this is a sort of exploration of what population of players would do if a game world became their own 'real' world, and the real world is full of scummy people and scary situations, and would feel that I am doing a disservice if I did not reflect this in-story.

Finally, as a last note before the story begins proper: I am not particularly reliable at update frequency, though if people show enough interest (And even offer their own suggestions for the story, the plot is not set in stone!) I am likely to stay more focused on updating, else my mind tends to wander.

Without further ado...

Italics is protagonist's commentary, Normal text is the story she is telling proper. [Bracket text is dialogue not in English.]

Era of Survival

Chapter - One

"It's finally the day."

Those were the first words to cross my mind as I woke that morning. Era of Survival had finally released after an insane ad blitz that carpeted online and AR media.

The second bunch of words were, "Oh fuck, maybe that rum and coke wasn't a good idea before bed." something followed up by a frustrated shove that pushed soaked sheets and a damp comforter off of me. Though I wanted to dress and head to the store, it seemed I was bound to do laundry and shower first, as per usual. Deciding to rebel in a manner more suited to somebody a few more years my younger, I put it off in favour of getting ready. I wouldn't have dared if Papa was home - I was and still am a weirdo, but even weirdoes generally don't parade around in soaked panties and a gray tee-shirt with a wet patch up some of the back. Half an hour later, rather than the far more likely hour and a half had I stuck around to clean up my bedding, I was ready. For what, you may ask?

To sit my ass down on the couch, stretch out, and pull the VR helmet down over my head. To this day, I still laugh when people tell me they buy physical copies of games.

After a brief initialization, the game splash-screen opened up, and I was treated to some suitably renaissance styled music as the VR proper began in a seamless transition to the game's character creation area.

###

Author's Note: This was a hard one to get off the ground, but I've decided to stick to a journal format to let Naja (Pronounced Naya/Na-ya) get her story across. With every chapter, I intend to expand the main story with additional tidbits, generally in the form of Naja explaining something that happened in the chapter if I can't make the explanation work with the pacing of a scene.

For this first day of writing, I intend to post two chapters and two bonus commentaries, partially to make up for the reduced size of the first chapter (It's cut down from the original draft, but I can't think of much that would work and still let Naja tell her story organically. Of course, the short length is somewhat fitting given certain in-character reasons for her not to dwell on the pre-game events at present.)

###

Commentary - One

It is more than likely the reader is by this point feeling some level of amusement, disgust, or maybe something else - Yeah, I'm talking about the fact I wet my bed back then.

See, there's pretty solid reasons that it happened. Part of it seems to be psychological, though I haven't exactly talked to a shrink about it since I was a kid. Some damage from some hard stuff in my past.

Well, that's not the only part. See, I'm not the fittest, well fed girl in meat-space. This has rather irritatingly carried over in-game - You'll see more in the next part of my tale. Suffice to say that because my 'glorious' northern homeland suffered a teensy-tiny FINANCIAL COLLAPSE, some places were looking a bit more like a third world country than a developed nation by the end of it. Starvation and stunted development does damage to the body, and I'm lucky that I don't have serious liver issues or something as a result. What I do have is a fairly frail and petite frame, not much to the boobs or backside areas, and some weakened muscle groups. Important ones. Internal ones. Other stuff too, but nothing quite so... Relevant to what has happened to me since logging in.

Yes, I have bad sphincter control, for those who didn't pick up on that. This, combined with certain, uh, 'Design Decisions' in EOS means that it will be far more frequently brought up than if I were trapped inside a game like, say... 'Miner-Builder 20th Anniversary VR Edition GOLD', or what have you.

On the other hand, if you ganked me, killed me and are now reading this while I rot somewhere, HAH, you're reading about the life and times of some crazy bitch who soils herself regularly, and I hope it creeps you out real fuckin' hard.

(The rest of this page is taken up by a comic of a girl in hell, in soiled clothing, pointing and laughing at the image of a caricature of a bandit reading a book. Any space not taken up by this is HAHAHAHA in at least four different languages.)

*002*2017-10-19 00:20

The second post will be coming after I finish dinner tonight.

*007*2017-10-19 12:41

{{1 hour ago, Unbeknownst said:

I’m glad to see you two are still at it. I was afraid the projects had been dropped.

Also, was I the only person who immediately thought of Minecraft when reading the phrase “miner-builder”?

}}

Yeah, it's not quite dead, and as for miner-builder, that was the intent - It's pretty much Minecraft with the serial numbers filed off.

{{3 hours ago, writerforce6 said:

I will say though that this new version seems more satirical than like a serious attempt at a story... but it seems to be intentional, so I guess I'll just let my version be the serious one.

}}

I wouldn't say it's entirely satirical, though it might seem like it so far. Naja is a strange, sarcastic girl with some issues.

As for diaper content... Yes. Not the main focus, but it will present itself in due time. I'll tag the posts where it does come up, of course.

*009*2017-10-19 13:52

{{4 minutes ago, writerforce6 said:

The reason I said it seems satirical is less because of the sarcasm and more because of the fact that not only did she break the fourth wall like sixty nine times, the end of the second half of the first post's segment was legit just describing a scene rather than actually writing the scene out, but yeah, the sarcasm doesn't really help your case here either...

}}

The fourth wall in this case is a little more nebulous, since the intent of the story is that it is, aside from my personal notes, all written in Naja's own journal, up to and including her silly doodle at the end of the Commentary section. Because she's just now putting her past to paper, she has the opportunity to do things differently than a story written as if it were being relayed in the more traditional manner that I see most fiction written in first person, past tense. Comment on success/failures, explain a situation further from a better informed position, and so-on. If she were to break the fourth wall now, she would be required to, say, call out the author for being a creep. :P

The form the story is in so far may not stick until the end - Perhaps I will decide upon a certain point to switch to a present tense - When Naja has put down her pen and is actively participating in important matters. If this switch does happen, it will be once she has explained much of the status quo inside the game itself, to give a better backdrop to her future actions. This is as much a piece of writing as it is an exploration of world-building in a setting that has been more vague until now.

*010*2017-11-04 21:23

Author's Note: Due to events out of my control, my original attempt to post again in the same day evidently was sidetracked. I will be making this chapter considerably longer than the last.

In addition, I feel it might be a good idea to mention that unlike most traditional stories, I will be going fairly far into detail about events, and there will likely not be much in terms of quick pacing until the world has been detailed somewhat. I'll try to keep it interesting, though!

Chapter - Two

As the character creation screen coalesced around me, the first thing I noticed was the girl in front of me, or more particularly, her lack of clothing. Reaching out at the character, various menus popped into existence. The first step in character creation, the dialogue boxes explained, was to select a race, then customize characteristics.

Looking back at the nude, motionless figure, it became obvious, at least in part, as to why the game was intended for audiences over eighteen years old. She was... very detailed, to put it lightly.

Smirking, I set to work. A few of the more challenging races caught my eye as I scrolled through the options. Each time I highlighted a new race, the figure behind the semi-transparent windows changed. They were divided by three categories: Basic, Demi-Human Monster, and Monster.

In each category, it read as follows:

Basic: Human, Elf, Dwarf, Orc, Beastfolk - That one had a dropdown menu to select from any of a huge variety of animal features. I quickly decided on a wolfgirl avatar, and the paperdoll sprouted a tail and ears, as well as slightly protruding canines and claws.

Despite having made up my mind, I wanted to take a look at the full array of options - To gauge who and what I might encounter during the game.

Demi-Human Monster: Vampire, Werewolf, Satyr, Harpy, Lamia, Minotaur. Each was represented by a blurb about gameplay differences, and a warning that they may prove difficult, but are rewarding.

Finally, I opened the Monster category, and was greeted by the paperdoll shifting into a rotting zombie - It turned my stomach, to be honest, and it still does now - The other options were as a whole, not much better. Zombie, Skeleton, Lich, Lizardpeople, Slimes, Elemental Spirits and ghosts. All in the same unsettling detail as the cute girl I had pre-selected. I swore the glowing eyes of the undead were staring right at me as I flicked back over to Beastfolk and entered customization.

Boy, was it ever complex. Some poking and prodding simplified the interface some, as moving my hands shaped the changes I intended to make, rather than relying on sliders. All told, I think molding my avatar took something to the tune of an hour, though I can't be sure, time seemed to stand still in that featureless void.

A small, petite body similar to my real one, and some slight tweaks on my own face, but that is where the similarities end. Amber eyes instead of blue, dark gray hair in a short ponytail... And of course the fuzzy wolf ears and tail. Admittedly, I did spend a fair amount of time working on more private areas - No doubt my avatar is perkier than my meat-body, and has more boob to work with, if only by a little. Of course, then came the real fun part.

How many people have ever taken the time to try and edit their naughty bits before? I knew well enough from some, er, interesting escapades in a room with plenty of mirrors, long before the game came out, what I looked like, and I was surprised to find the pre-release body scan had modeled me in great detail.

I'm sure whomever is reading this is delighted to get such an intimate insight into my crotch, but I'll leave the detail to one point. I left a little tuft of fuzz above my... Yeah.

Moving on!

Next came background and starting equipment. This took far less time than shaping my appearance - I read everything there was to read on the various skills that would be available at creation. I settled on making my character a Black Market Alchemist, armed myself with a long dagger and an enchanted pouch full of firebombs, all of the basic alchemy and hunting/foraging gear. The last touch was the outfit. An ankle-length waxed coat, not too different from what you might expect on a plague doctor. Instead of being fully closed, I left it open along the front, showing off the cream coloured plain blouse and the vial bandoliers I had squeezed in for my last accessory. Some fairly plain gray panties were hidden beneath brown linen breeches, and my feet were covered by heavy hiking boots.

Now, it was the moment of truth. I was dressed up, geared up, and ready to begin, but for one thing. A look at the stats and skills allotted to me at start.

I was grinning as I looked through the list. Passable strength for throwing my dangerous cocktails and stabbing things, high dexterity and a fair carrying capacity. My endurance wasn't as garbage as I had expected, and so on.

The smile quickly turned into a frown when I noticed two nearly overlooked values.

Of course my 'difficulties' carried over in to the game.

In a huff, I hit COMPLETE, and the first word uttered to the new world I emerged in was...

"FUCK!"

It drew a couple stares, to say the least. I had spawned into a busy village that had players settling in for the first day. The fresh spawn meant that food and supplies were in relative surplus, and aside from a pile of what I figured were rowdy assholes laying against the side of a market stall, it seemed most players here had decided to avoid murdering every new spawn as soon as spawn protection wore off.

Most of the people in the village square returned to their various activities, though an orc player almost twice my height had walked over with a look of concern. "Something wrong?" He rumbled, no doubt in a voice deeper than that of the player's real self.

I shook my head and looked up at him, feeling my tail wag softly behind me. "Nah, just mad at one of my stats being a bit low." I replied, taking another look around. "I expected a forest spawn. Maybe my background changed that?"

The lightly armored orc nodded and offered his hand. "Seems like it. Welcome to the Friendly Village. It's a working title, but it's caught on pretty well the last few hours, we have a few out-of-towners reporting there are already bandit groups building up in the woods. Rules in town are pretty common sense. Hurt anybody or incite violence and me and a few of the other volunteer enforces will beat your face in, that sort of thing."

I couldn't help but giggle as I took his hand and shook about as firmly as I could with my comparatively tiny one. "I like this place already."

The orc shared a chuckle with me, and gestured to various buildings within the center of the village. "We've got a general store, a butcher, a blacksmith and a healer already set up. Most of the houses are taken or being negotiated for, so you might have to rent an inn room if you plan on sticking around. I've got a patrol to get back to, but... Welcome to EoS."

"Thanks." I replied, and turned and off to take a look at the other colourful denizens of the town.

###

Commentary - Two

For a bit of a clarification, these commentaries are being written long, long after the start of my journey. I have a great degree of hindsight in these parts, and you will generally understand what I mean as you read the older events play out.

Touching on some things in that last entry - Certain things have changed. I won't spoil your reading too badly.

Yeah, I was a little bit of a prude back then. Anybody with interest in my 'bits' and activity regarding it will get their titillation eventually. I would say that I'm not a slut - more an exhibitionist. After all, if you've got your mitts on this diary, you've evidently got some interest or my trust.

Providing you're not the before-mentioned asshole who killed me and took my shit, of course. Let's not dwell on that too much.

The second of the three comments I wish to make here is: I am _not_ the least continent person I have encountered in EoS. You'll meet her eventually if you keep reading.

Third and lastly, I later learned that orc guard's username. You wouldn't expect it from such a well mannered fellow, but his name was Dongus.

Didn't get to see him again after that meeting, unfortunately. You'll find out soon enough.

###

Author's Note: Boy, this one took a while to write. I've been vacillating over how to truly begin the journey, and probably half of the two hour session it took to write this was me re-writing and second-guessing. I've decided to solidify the tone somewhat, and keep most of Naja's snarky remarks to the Commentary section of my updates.

As for the real fun stuff, the omorashi and messing and later sex and so-on, I'm intending to write fairly explicit, but I figured I'd ask the audience for their thoughts on the level of detail when the lewd stuff actually occurs.

One last thing. I'd prefer not to come across as greedy for attention, but my motivation to continue writing does heavily coincide with activity in the thread at times. Part of the time I can get easily motivated, but with chronic depression on my back it can become difficult sometimes if the thread sits inactive. Please feel free to leave a comment if you enjoy the story so far, and I'd welcome discussion and questions. I can even write Naja's responses if people ask a question whose answer won't spoil any plot. - Ask her personal questions, about her background, and so-on, and I'll do my best to get her to answer you.

Edit: If you've followed this story, thank you greatly for your patience and support. You're part of the reason I keep writing.

*015*2017-11-08 15:49

Going with @blooper and @Unbeknownst preferences (As you are the only two who remarked on it so far), the story will, at least for the time being, be a bit more tame regarding sexual content.

Accident content on the other hand will be quite detailed... A warning for those grossed out by detailed messing in particular, as I will not be spoilering or marking that content.

Post is in the works, please look forward to it. ^_^

*017*2017-11-08 17:19

Chapter - Three

Being placed in a town upon login had somewhat messed with my planned order of business. Expecting that I would be out in the wilderness, I had, from the announcement of the release date of game, intended to find landmarks, a water source, and so-on.

Most of these were provided by the village already. This only really left info gathering on the surrounding area. With this in mind, I headed for the inn.

The inn was likely one of the largest structures in the entire settlement, only challenged by the smithy and the manor of the village council. While most of the town had a slightly more ramshackle look to it, these buildings stood out. They were made of finer materials - Plaster and stone rather than timber, and properly shingled, unlike the little homes and smaller shops, whose tops were covered in thatch over the top of bare planks.

As I opened the door and stepped inside, I was greeted by the scent of ale, wine, stew and wood smoke, the sound of a good two dozen people chatting and carousing, and the sight of somebody surprisingly familiar standing behind the bar.

"So you really did stick with dwarf, huh?" I asked the preoccupied redhead, whose attention snapped to me almost instantly as I spoke up. The shortstack innkeep beamed at me. "Aye, managed ta keep her tha same as my art. I figured you'd go fer an elf or vampire, not a wee puppy."

I snorted and pouted at her, though my wagging tail told her easily enough what I really felt. "I'm not a 'wee puppy', I replied to my longtime friend. I opened my mouth and pointed a clawed finger at my pronounced canines, and rapped the claws on my other hand against the top of the bar. "Claws and fangs. Wolf, not puppy."

She looked at the space above my head - Where my username would display if she focused. "Naja, really?" She whispered, leaning against the counter. In the noise, I expected it would be harder to hear her, but my animal ears picked it up effortlessly. "That's... Just your first an' last name smushed together."

"Not everybody has super detailed roleplaying characters to use when they play the game, Sigrun Helmsdottir." I replied, emphasizing her character name. "Viking dwarf with a scottish accent? Truly?"

Sigrun laughed, stepping back from the counter to bark a few orders into the kitchen before facing me again. "Y'see, it's not from a setting on Earth. I c'n do that. On the other hand, y'know damn well I can't rid myself of my accent so easily."

Sigrun, or Agatha, to use her IRL name, is a scottish-canadian. Though, unlike me, she moved after she grew up, rather than being born to immigrant parents. We've always been good friends since I kicked her ass at an arcade years back.

I can say for certain the only things she has in common with her avatar are dark red hair and freckles. Where her IRL body was tall and lanky, her avatar is short and stocky, and that's not getting into how a girl I tease for being thin as bamboo and none too well endowed ended up becoming the curvy and buxom dwarf wearing a fairly snug blue dress and brown apron. I seriously appreciate the changes, of course... But I try my best not to perv on my best friend.

As I dragged my eyes away from her rather distractingly low-necked dress, her green eyes shone with amusment. "Ya get on my case 'bout it, but I see ya checkin' out the goods." She teased. I huffed and tried to rub the blush from my cheeks.

"How long have the servers been up?" I asked, dodging a dangerous line of conversation, "I didn't really check the time when I woke up. Threw the blanket off and dunked the headset over my face."

Sigrun paused for a moment. By the movement in her eyes, she must have been checking her user interface.

"Looks like it's been at least ten hours. You went ta bed around the time they managed to resolve that connection error we were all havin'. Lots a' people have settled in around here in that time, we're lucky a whole guild sync-dropped with their beta builds, or it'd have been utter chaos with folks running about trying ta take as much as they could carry or claim."

"I potentially dodged a bullet, then." I replied with a sigh. "It's damned good to see you around here. You know me and strangers."

"Ya mean I know ye can be a right bitch online if you want to?" Sig laughed, grabbing a tankard from the back of the bar and a jug of wine.

"I like to consider it low tolerance for highly frequent stupidity. Anyhow, I've got a few questions, if you don't mind answering a few."

"Ask away, s' not like I'm supposed to cook in the back, I own this damn shack now. Traded my starting armor and a few deer pelts early on."

"That explains why you get to laze around while the proletariat toil over the fires." I joked.

"Hey, you know me. They get paid equal ta my take o' earnings."

"Answers one thing, I suppose. Anyhow... What's the surrounding are like? Topography, threats, wild game, all of that?"

"More deer than you can shake a stick at, and we're in a fairly hilly locale. Nothin' too steep, but the village proper sits on some old earthworks, or a mine or some-such. Bandits are a problem already. A good dozen small bands reported, and two bastards have started 'Bandit Clans'. So far it's more the robbin' type, rather than the murderin' or, ah... Cruelest type."

"Makes you wonder why they allow that shit in a game. It's what A/O and a waiver gets you, I guess."

Both of us shared a sigh and shook our heads. EoS is a thorough simulation of many things, and not intended for the faint of heart. Considering the psychological impact of sexual violence, it's surprising it managed to get distributed anywhere, though the creators did publish studies on reported rape in the beta, and the effects on players. Some form of protective program takes over if it happens, supposedly - Based on brainwave readings. The details of the protection, I don't know even now, and I've never asked.

"If I see them, I'll set them on fire." I finally spoke up as Sig poured me some wine.

"Amen to that. Were I an alchemist or mage I'd be doin' it too. Axes don't generally tend to be on fire, unfortunately, so I'll have ta pass."

"Sounds suitably dwarven to me. Burning axes." I chuckled, taking a sip of the sweet wine. I've never been one for a lot of booze, but I'm able to appreciate anything at least a little fruity.

Sig's reply was cut off by the front door slamming open, An elven man, bleeding heavily, managed to catch his breath after a moment, and announced...

"It's a raid. Big bandit clan from outside the forest wants weapons and women." He managed to explain, before falling to his knees, woozy from blood loss. A pair of healers jumped from their seats to help him, and I shot a look to Sig, who was grabbing her axe from the display stand it had sat upon before.

"The rest of the guards... We're losing them. Hurry!" the elf begged. Half of the inn was already on their feet and dashing for the door.

I growled, sounding something more bestial than I expected. "Sig, let's go rip them apart.

Sigrun grunted as she vaulted over the bar, axe in her other hand. "Aye. Let's show 'em we're more 'an they c'n handle.

###

Commentary - Three

A grim look into some of the shittier parts about EoS, I know. Up until it became clear what was really going on, even that was still treated like part of a game. One in poor taste, generally, but all the same.

Agatha and I do indeed go way back. It's a longer story than I'm comfortably writing in one section here, so I'll likely cut it up into pieces for the future. For now, my reader, know that while I beat her once at DDR, she became a lot better afterwards. She's said that I bring out the spirit of competition in her.

I'm not sure whether to believe her, or think she's just buttmad about losing to a rude shrimp like me.

Regarding the booze in EoS, it's actually quite good. There's even some fancy alcohols that have no IRL analogue, like certain elven liqueur or dwarf stout.

Lastly, a warning for the squeamish on the next entry. Fighting is brutal, my entry will be fairly detailed. Please keep in mind those monsters had it coming.

###

Author's Notes: A bit of a rambling chapter, but it does introduce one of a few characters that we'll be learning about in more detail. Accidents and the like are in the content pipeline, so to speak - But are unlikely to really occur until after the bandit fight.

*020*2017-11-13 02:41

{{4 hours ago, blooper said:

Interesting. Redhead busty dwarves are very acceptable. Following the proper dwarven naming convention as well. Hopefully she is susceptible to fear accidents in battle :P

I don't really know anything about Sword Art Online but you guys keep writing these things and they seem good. Looking forward to continuations.

}}

Regarding the former, I suppose you'll have to find out what happens!

As for the latter, at most, the similarities between EoS and SAO are mostly minor points (Like the VR headgear and rough IRL year it takes place in) and a few cameos later on, so foreknowledge is far from necessary.

*021*2017-11-13 22:59

Chapter - Four

The first indication of how fucked the situation had to be the considerable plume of smoke coming from the edge of the village. Even a hundred meters or more distant from the fire, the smoke nearly made me gag. There was no time to gripe about it, though - Sigrun and I sprinted toward the sound of fighting and shouting.

The sight that greeted us was unexpectedly... vivid.

Blood-soaked corpses were strewn about the dirt road, some lying up against walls of buildings. The sight and smell turned my stomach. It only proved more shocking looking up at the melee ahead. Bolts and arrows whizzed into the crowd occasionally, striking the defenders and sometimes fellow bandits. It was difficult to tell which side was which at first - Until I noticed a few individuals I recalled from the market crowd fighting against men with red sashes. A quick eye over the rest of the crowed showed them to be the bandits.

Sigrun shouted something at me, but all I could hear by that point was blood pumping in my ears. Further behind the brutal combat stood scattered groups of ranged combatants. I grit my teeth and snarled, shoving my right hand into my alchemist's pouch while i drew my blade with my left.

"Sig! Help out our guys on the front!" I shouted, interrupting her attempt to snap me out of my funk, "I've got a present for those bastards in the back!"

"Ye can't lose focus like that, Naja!" she protested, "I... I'll join the fray, but be damned careful, 'specially if yer throwin' shit around."

I nodded grimly, and she ran forward to aid our line.

My next actions and the effects are crystal clear in my head still. I pulled a firebomb free from my pouch, Struck the metal seal with my dagger, causing the spark to light the fuse. Next, I took a small running start and threw as hard as I could. The volatile amber liquid in the bottle caught fire as the fuse ran out - The pressure this caused inside the glass flask created a rain of burning shards as it exploded, raining what amounted to primitive napalm over the bandits.

It was a great throw.

As I readied another bomb, that I when I realized I was laughing, despite the screaming my assault had provoked from the burning bandit raiders. It probably should have bothered me more than it did, but as I struck the fuse on my next projectile, I could feel little other than elation that these monsters, these rapists and thieves, were suffering for their actions.

By all accounts, I cracked a little when I heard the screams. I felt as if justice was being served, and the warmth of the cackling laughter I was belting out as my firebomb struck a group of five pushing up to relieve the front line.

I felt the warmth all over... Trickling down my legs and into my boots, too. It didn't bother me in the slightest. A few of the back-line villagers looked my way as they pulled the wounded back. They looked concerned, but relieved by the fact I was on their side.

As I prepared a third bomb, the enemy line broke. Burned and bloodied bandits turned to flee, and those too close to our lines were tackled to the dirt as they tried to break off with their cowardly cohorts and leader.

As the adrenaline wore off, the wounded were triaged and the dead taken away, I fell to my knees. Sigrun rushed over to my side. As I turned to face her, I noted that her axe was slick with blood, and judging by the state of her deeply red stained but intact dress, none of it was her own. I had to turn my face away, however, as the wine from earlier came back up with plenty of acid. Sigrun rubbed my back as I retched onto the dirt, and after a moment, I straightened back up and sat back on my legs, just starting to feel the cooling dampness. Heat rose to my cheeks as I rubbed my face with a scrap of cloth proffered by my old friend.

"Fuckin' hell Natasha..." Sig whistled lowly, "I thought you'd locked up at first, but you went right off the deep end."

I cleared my throat, spitting the acid and bile off to my side. "Yeah," I replied hoarsely. "I... I'm not sure what happened there. I mean... It felt really good to make those bastards suffer, but... I just killed people. Even if it's just a game, those guys are dead and spawning far, far away with shit gear. By all rights, I should feel bad for causing them so much suffering."

"But ye don't?" Sig asked, looking back up at me with a tired smile. "I know whatcha mean, Naja." She paused, turning her gaze down to my lap, where her smile grew into a cheeky grin. "Doesn't explain why yer bloody soaked, though."

My face reddened a little bit further, and I punched Sig hard enough in the shoulder to knock her on her backside, prompting a guffaw from the little scottish jerk I call my friend.

"Subconscious or something." I grumbled in reply, as I was still unsure myself.

"Aye? Yer not the only one, though." Sigrun replied, lifting the hem of her dress discretely to let me catch a glimpse of her leggings beneath her dress. The white was stained a faint yellow tinge, rather than the sanguine red of the blood covering most of her dress. "Was bloody terrifyin', not 'fraid ta admit." She chuckled. I joined in, and plenty of the walking wounded and un-injured fighters and healers discussed the events and the the aftermath. A catfolk girl stopped by as we caught our breath, asking how we were. When she sniffed and smelled the urine on us, she made a quip I think I'll forever remember. "Of course, with a buncha civvies with no training get into a real fight this happens." Pausing for a moment, she turned to face the crowd with her hands on her hips, "The few of us who have previous training before all of this did great. You civvie lot, though... There's enough pissed pants here that I swear to God we're on the yellow brick road."

Plenty of sheepish faces and a roar of laughter rumbled through the crowd, while Sigrun helped me to my feet.

"We'd best head ta the inn heat some water for baths. There's gonna be a high demand for it, I think."

I rolled my eyes, starting off shakily in the direction of her inn. "First for ourselves, and then everybody else because you love money?"

"Ye damned-well know it!"

###

Commentary - Four

Much to touch on, here. This wasn't my first fight, but it was the first time I killed anything or anyone, in any sense. I wish I could say it was the last, but that'd be a crock of shit either way. You get a little deadened to it after a while, honestly, especially in a world with so much constant turmoil.

Of course, presuming you're here with my diary, you've probably killed more than enough yourself.

On a lighter note, this chapter marks the first time I wet myself inside EOS. Less of a big deal than Sigrun, however - Before the game, I don't think she ever so much as had a dribble enter her panties, so all the sweeter to see my teasing friend humbled just slightly.

Oh, and before I move on, I still think those bandits had it coming, same as any violent sociopath I've encountered since.

###

Author's Note: EFFING FINALLY. This update had to be written and rewritten twice due to PC crashes. It has our first little bit of fanservice, as well, for those who are into stress/fear accidents.

*cough* @blooper

*cough*

I hope I haven't scared too many people off with the violence. It's not going to get any lighter as the story goes on, at least in terms of how graphic it will be.

I'm intending to keep to a relatively frequent update schedule as I fall into a pattern with writing for this story, so please look forward to an update in the next couple of days. If inspiration strikes, it might come sooner.

*024*2017-11-13 23:59

{{Just now, blooper said:

Wooooo fear wettings. Also right into the mindset of being an adventurer :P Excellent job.

}}

Glad you enjoyed that chapter! Thanks for the compliment, too!

I might actually be beginning writing another post in roughly half an hour to forty-five minutes, as well, so anybody following the story should keep their eyes open for notifications.

