When a Friend Discovers Your Kink

Author: Deceptive26

*000*2020-11-17 22:52

Finishing off a nice can of soda was nice right before class, a way to relax and clear your mind right before lecture but there is one small roadblock. A friend who has recently discovered you have your own set of kinks and he seems very keen on indulging them despite the full attending class of students.

He’d make sure you were prepared for class and for the emanate struggle as you start to head to the bathroom but he grabs you by the arm and pulls you right into the classroom, a sly smile on his face as he gives a scolding tone, “Uh uh no peeing, you just went a bit ago” as he pulls you to your seat.

He knows you wouldn’t possibly make it through class. He sits behind you and whispers into your ear “No peeing you got that? You’re gonna be good right? So no peeing at all, you’re not allowed to go to that bathroom. I don’t care that it’s literally across the hallway. You can have your relief by hearing the toilets flushing during class”

He watches you as class begins, time slowly ticking by on the clock as your bladder fills and fills. The class looks ahead lazily but with you nearer to the front it almost feels like people behind you will begin to catch on if you squirm or shift. Every movement doesn’t go unnoticed by your friend behind you, he smirks and whispers again to your ear “Gotta piss already with that baby bladder? You’re not gonna have an accident in class are you?~”

“You better hold in every last drop” he whispers again before leaning back in his seat. Leaving you with your own filling thoughts and bladder. He must be planning something especially since he knows you’re not gonna last the entire class. He might even be prepared to loudly exclaim that you’re peeing when you inevitably do lose complete control.

Time continues to drag, the ticking clock taunting you with every click that passes. Letting you know that time is crawling by. You continue to fill and regret that final can of soda you had earlier before class, it's filling you too quickly and at this rate you won’t make it another 30 minutes.

You begin to squirm, your legs shuffle and your thighs squeeze together. You begin to tense lightly as everything presses to flood out of you. Your body begging to let go and open up the dam wide to let a personal waterfall gush out onto the classroom floor but you continue to hold it back with all your might.

The friend behind you then decides to do something cruel, from behind he starts to uncap a water bottle and drinks a bit of it, slowly bringing it to your ear and starts to shake it gently. The sloshing and swishing of the water inside is so clear that it's almost as if that's the only noise in the room. Each droplet splashing around the bottle feels as though it's causing pee to start rushing toward the exit.

“Do you hear that?~ All that sloshing swishing water I bet that’s what your bladder feels like right? Just so full and sloshy that it's just begging to burst out. You’re not gonna pee just yet are you my little water balloon?” he continues to swish the water bottle, each time seems like it's gaining more and more ground against you. Pushing and prodding for you to explode right there in class.

He then holds out the water bottle to you “Here, drink some of it” he coos, “I’m sure it won’t be so bad and besides you need to stay hydrated right?” he keeps the water bottle held out to you to show there is no escape from more hydration. It’s cold with condensation on the side. A droplet running down one side and dripping off to the floor as it's mimicking your soon to be leaks. The cold shocks through your palm straight to your bladder and you barely withhold a leak.

You drink but it feels as though every gulp drains straight to your bladder. Straight to where it needs to be the least right now as it adds to the ever expanding golden ocean. Every gulp only pushes your thighs closer together until your legs are near turning into pretzels, the pressure immense and unending. The class still has thirty more minutes to go and there is no way you make it out of here dry even if you run to the bathroom right this second.

“Do you have to pee? I bet you’re about to explode aren’t you?”

“Right here in front of all our class? There’s no way you’ll be able to hide it.”

You hear flushing coming from the bathrooms across the hall, the area of your relief so close yet so far as you struggle with holding in all you have, taking the water bottle back the friend leans in to whisper again “everything must feel like a filled water balloon, one wrong touch, one wrong move and everything will gush out. “You’re not allowed to pee yet though, you can’t pee just yet. Keep holding in every drop” he goes back to pretending to listen to the lecture, everyone else in the room seeming oblivious to your plight despite how obvious the frantic squirming has become.

15 minutes left of pure torture and you’re not gonna make it. Sweat drips down your forehead as your entire focus is dedicated to not peeing. Whatever the Professor is saying was lost long ago as your bladder flooded out every other thought.

You can’t hold on a second longer. The extra water filtering through and beginning to overflow as you feel a leak escape you. As your friend continues to try and encourage you with words to keep holding it in, that you are so close though now it's almost useless with how full you are.

You know any minute now despite your squirming, despite both of your hands gripping yourself with white knuckles that everything is about to spray out like a fire hose. You keep wiggling, you’re holding back for all its worth but it's no use. Another leak jets out past your hands. Enough strength behind it that it seems to have bypassed your underwear, jeans, AND hands as it arcs up and splatters onto the seat just loud enough for you to hear.

“You’re peeing already tiny bladder? Gosh I thought you could hold it in you were so close.”

You try with all your might, you try to hold back but it’s no use. You tense and you grip but despite everything you have done, your bladder has decided for you.

It’s slow at first as you struggle still, a few spurts burst out again then suddenly you’re going off like a sink on full blast. Your underwear near instantly soaks and your jeans follow soon after. Darkening and flooding as your seat pools with warm wetness. A hissing sound filling the air as students stop and lift their heads. Looking over at the fountain-like display in plain view. The Professor has paused in his writing on the board as he too looks over at your full blown accident. You whimper softly and you hear your friend chuckle behind you as the puddle fills the seat and starts to cascade and splash to the sides all around you. Creating a new larger puddle to cement your shame on the floor. Murmurs going around the class instantly.

“Oh my god they’re peeing themselves.”

“Why didn't they just go to the bathroom, it's literally across the hall.”

“I saw them drinking from a water bottle during class, maybe they’re into that stuff.”

“Whoa they’re really peeing.”

As the stream continues strong like a waterfall of pure euphoria streaming out of you and bursting forth into the world. The pleasure of relief filling the space where your bladder once filled. You’ve finally peed but at what cost as everyone keeps their eyes glued to you for every last drop.

*002*2020-11-19 07:06

{{7 hours ago, Omomancer said:

Really like how this is written! do you plan on writing more stories like this?

Also, as a sidenote, you tagged this as first-person but im pretty sure this is second person- first person would be writing like "i do, i see," etc.

}}

I ... oh my I made quite the slipup there! Yes this is second person then isn't it hahaha. Also I have other stories planned but if you mean more classroom related I unfortunately don't have any ideas regarding that. Perhaps inspiration will strike like with this story. Glad you enjoyed!

