Paniola Ranchers

Author: Drakon

*000*2017-04-25 02:22

*Sigh* I sat up groggily with sunlight in my eyes. "Oh no, I'm late!" I jumped out of bed and put on my overalls. All I knew was that my older sister was going to be mad at me. I was supposed to help set out the feed for the Touros and Miltank. There was no time for me to get fully ready, so I ran outside.

"I'm here!" I shouted. "It's about time, Amelia. I thought I was going to do all the work again."

"I'm sorry..." I quickly began to get to work, and started bailing some hay. We worked for about an hour, and I quickly realized I never had a chance to use the bathroom. "Amelia, I'm going to take a break. You continue for a while without me."

"Okay, Lacy." She went inside and I quietly cursed myself for not using the bathroom. I continued bailing hay to give to the Pokemon. After what seemed like half an hour, Lacy finally came back out. "Amelia, can you come watch some Pokemon for a while? I need to run up to the pokemart real fast."

"Oh really? Sure!" I put away my pitchfork and ran inside. "They're right in back. I shouldn't be gone too long."

"Thank you!" I never really get the chance to watch the trainer's Pokemon because Lacy is the senior caretaker. I usually get to watch after eggs. She led me around back, and I saw the little poockyena and gible tussling. "Oh not again!" Lacy cried. She quickly separated them. "Amelia, make sure that these two don't fight each other. They've been mean to each other lately."

"Okay." Lacy left, and I realized I still hadn't peed. My bladder was starting to hurt, and I gave myself a quick squeeze. I sat down and the poockyena jumped up onto my lap. "Oh!" I felt my panties dampen and I tensed up. "Warn me before you do that!" I scolded. But he was a little cutie so I petted him. "I wish Lucy would get back soon..." The small pooch jumped down from my lap, and I leaked again.

"Oh!!!" I grabbed myself and grimaced in pain. I realized I could no longer hold it, and rushed towards the corner of the room. I began to unbutton my overalls, and then I felt it: a gradual stream began to dampen my panties, and I cried out. I grabbed myself, but it was no use. The urine soaked my hands, and I began to cry. "Oh no... What'll I do? What happens if Lucy sees me like this..." I sobbed. The warmth spread down my legs and into my boots. My socks were soaked by the time I was finished. I quickly debated in my mind, "I can't let Lucy see me like this... But the Pokemon must come first..." I decided to stay to watch the two rascals.

After about an hour, I was quite uncomfortable being in wet clothes. My crotch was starting to chafe, but there was nothing I could do. Lucy finally walked in. "Hey Amelia."

"Hey..." She walked over and set a bag on a table. "I hope they weren't too much troubl- oh... What happened?" I blushed furiously and looked away, "Not much... I kept a close eye on these two..." Lacy put a hand on my shoulder, "Amelia... You could have taken a bathroom break if you had to go. Go clean yourself up." I got up, and walked to my room. My socks were still wet, and I could feel a little squish every step I took. When I arrived into my room, I closed the door behind me. To be honest, the warm wetness on my crotch made me feel hot. I figured I had enough time for release. I took off my wet overalls, and examined my still soaked blue striped pantsu. They were darker in the crotch, but somewhat see through. I kept my wet socks on and laid on my bed to play. I slowly rubbed the urine into my wet pussy, and I felt myself climax. "Oh!" It dawned on me that I needed to have this feeling more often. and the pleasure quickly relaxed me, and I fell asleep.

