A Pokémon Fanfic - Dawn

Author: Drakon

*000*2017-03-19 03:36

"Hurry up Dawn, we'll be late to professor Rowan's lab!" Lucas said as he grabbed my hand and started to drag me. I should probably give some backstory here. After Ash left Sinnoh, I continued to work at Professor Rowan's lab as his assistant. I continued to embrace contests too, of course, but most of my time is spent with the professor. Lucas, after obtaining the 8 Sinnoh badges, realized his true dream was to understand Pokemon as much as he battled and trained them. He wanted to unlock their true potential, so he decided to become a researcher at the lab. Most people also don't realize that after we dispatched team galactic, we raided their notes on the energy of Pokemon evolution, and how it could be harnessed.

After a couple years of research, we discovered the process known today as mega evolution. "Sinnoh to Dawn! We've got to get to the lab or Rowan will totally give us menial work today!" I finally caught up with reality and ran after Lucas. Professor Rowan could make any day drag if you were late. One time he made us study differences between shiny Pokemon and regular Pokemon… except we were also in charge of obtaining a shiny Pokemon. I don't know about you, but shinies are a bit rarer than they tell you.

We finally arrived at the lab, and just in time too. "Well you two sure do like to arrive in the nick of time."

"Sorry professor. We were just um… trying to get past a horde of wild bidoof."

"I see… Well, today I have an important task for the both of you. I need you two to deliver this package to Sunnyshore city gym."

"A delivery? Usually we just send them via staraptor." Lucas complained. "Ah! But this is quite an important package. Staraptor are known for getting… sidetracked. I cannot afford this to be lost or delayed. I entrust you two will get it delivered by Friday."

"Friday!" I complained, "that's only three days!"

"And when I was young, I used to make routine trips all across Sinnoh in a single day." I looked at Lucas, and he just shrugged. "Okay professor. We'll be on our way then?"

"That would be great. Once it's delivered, feel free to take a week off. You two have been working hard!"

"Thanks professor! Come on Lucas, let's be on our way!" We exited the lab, and boy was this package heavy. "So it's too fragile to bring by flying, and I can't carry this thing on a bike. Guess we'll just have to lug this thing. Take turns?"

"Of course! I would never let you carry that the entire way by yourself!"

"Good. Because it's your turn!" I handed him the package. "Sheesh! What's in this thing?"

"Before we head out, we should grab a few supplies from the PokéMart." We walked down the road to the store.

"Good morning, Dawn! Heya Lucas, what's up?"

"We just need a few things before we head out to Sunnyshore."

"Okay, what'll it be?"

"A dozen revives, and three dozen hyper potions." Lucas and I split the bill, and we began our journey to the sunshine city.

"So to be on time, we should probably get to at least Hearthome City today."

"Wow. That's far Lucas."

"I know, but better to arrive early than late, right? And we should minimize our stops to save time too."

"So maybe skip lunch, and just stop to eat breakfast and dinner?"

"Yeah. We have supplies too, so we shouldn't need to stop at Pokémarts or Pokémon centers."

"I'm fine with that. I mean, your Pokemon beat all the gym leaders, so some wild Pokemon shouldn't be too hard."

"Your turn Dawn." Lucas handed me the package. "So I wonder what's so special about whatever's in here. I hope Valkner opens this when we arrive."

We arrived in Jubilife about an hour later, and I thought we were making pretty good time. "So to Oreburgh now? Or do we need to stop?"

"I'm fine. Pokemon have been minimal." I told him. So we decided to head out for Oreburgh immediately. After about 20 minutes (thanks to some darn bug catchers) we arrived at the cave. "None of my Pokemon can use flash. What about yours Dawn?"

"Yeah! Roserade can use it." I sent out my Roserade, and directed her to use Flash. The entire cave quickly brightened up. A lot of Zubat immediately took off from the sudden light, which I was quite thankful for. "So it should be a straight shot that way." Lucas pointed. We quickly walked east, towards the exit of the cave. "Golem!" A wild Golem appeared! "Roserade use Razor Leaf!" Leaves spun out at the Golem. In response, it rammed my Roserade, but looked like it injured itself too. Probably Double-Edge, "Roserade use Leech Seed!" Seeds flew out and stuck to the Golem. "Now use Protect!" A force field enveloped my Pokemon. Then I heard a different voice shout, "Golem, use Feint!" The Golem rushed us at remarkable speed, and smashed right through the barrier. "Roserade!" My Pokemon was KOed. I then saw the other trainer. "Roark?"

"Huh? Lucas, Dawn! I'm so sorry!" His flashlight illuminated in front of us. "I just knew it couldn't be a wild Golem!" Lucas laughed, "How are things going?"

"Oh, you know. Just training for the next challenger. I heard from Valkner that you got all 8 badges?"

"Yep. And now I work for the professor. Speaking of Valkner, we're delivering this package to him in Sunnyshore."

"Ah! Well, good luck you two! Be safe!" His Pokemon tunneled down below the surface. "Well now that we have no light, this cave is going to be so much easier…" My bladder pressed slightly in protest. Honestly, I did have to pee when we were in Jubilife, but I figured I'd be fine getting to Oreburgh. But the cave was pitch black now, and it'd be harder to navigate.

"So which way now Lucas?" I grabbed his hand so I wouldn't lose him. I couldn't tell if my hand was too sweaty or not. "This way?" He tugged me forward, and we were going slowly so we didn't trip or fall. I just hoped he knew where he was going. After about another hour in the cave, my bladder was constantly reminding me that I really had to go. I was really regretting not stopping in Jubilife. Because of the darkness and Lucas not being able to see me, I had my hand up my skirt and holding myself pretty tightly. I didn't think I would make it. "So are we almost there?" I asked direly. "I think so. Maybe another 20 minutes?" We continued walking, and after about 5 minutes I began to leak a little into my panties. I felt the warmth spread across my hand. "Are you okay Dawn? Your breathing pretty heavily."

"I'm just a little scared."

"Well, we're gonna be just fine!" Easy for him to say… I thought to myself. I sharp pain shot through my bladder, and I leaked a bit more seriously this time. I felt the warmth all across my hand, and a stream ran down my bare legs into my socks. I gripped myself harder, knowing that I was on the verge of having an accident. I continued walking, and leaked a bit every couple minutes. Until I stumbled over a rock, in which a short scare caused me to release my hold. I felt the warmth running down my hand and legs, and my socks were getting soaked on the side too. Grasping the fabric and feeling the liquid pour out was quite arousing, but I slowly came to realize that there was a loud hiss to my peeing and the splatter of it on the ground. "Um, Dawn? Are you okay?"

"Yeah…" I was so embarrassed right then, and I definitely couldn't tell Lucas. I tried to dry my soaked hand on the backside of my panties. We walked in the darkness for another 20 minutes or so, and my wet panties were really starting to bother me. Every so often I reached up my skirt to adjust them; the soaked fabric kept giving me a wedgie. "I can see the light!" Lucas proclaimed. "Finally… that was such a long walk." We exited the cave, and I breathed in a long sigh of relief. "Hey Dawn, let's stop at the Pokemon Center for a short break."

"Okay." We walked across the street and entered the Pokemon Center. "I'm gonna use the washroom real quick. Then we can get a bite to eat?"

"That's fine." Lucas left, and I quickly entered the changing room. I set down my bag, and pulled out a fresh pair of panties to change into. Just as I unbuttoned my skirt, and it slid to my shoes, someone else barged into the changing room. "Ah!" I shouted as I pathetically tried to pull my shirt down to cover my underwear. "Sorry! I didn't know you were in here!" The lady glanced down at my underwear. "Oh my… there is a restroom here young lady. This is not the restroom." My face flushed with embarrassment. "I, uh- um… didn't make it here." I looked down, "can you leave now while in change?"

"Oh, sorry!" She closed the door, and this time I locked it. I can't believe I forgot to lock it. I slipped my wet underwear off, and put on a dry pair. Wet underwear does feel a little good, in a naughty way, but the feeling of dry underwear is so much more comfortable. I examined my wet pair, and noticed a slight yellow tinge where they were wet. "Oh no! They have a stain!" I stuck the wet pair in my bag, and exited the changing room. Thankfully, the lady was not there. Just as I returned to the entrance, Lucas exited the restroom. "Erm… Dawn?" He looked down at my legs. I looked down and noticed I forgot to put my skirt back on. I grew red and quickly pulled my skirt up. "You saw nothing!" I began to cry. Lucas embraced me, "It's been a long day. Why don't we rest up a bit?"

"Okay…" I sniffled." We went into one of the rooms, and slept for the night. I woke up at around 3:00 am and wasn't sure why I woke. I tried to fall back asleep, but I kept thinking about how I'd wet myself the previous day. I wasn't sure how I felt about it. It felt good… but I wasn't sure if I would say I liked it. I was quite aroused by the feeling, but scared that someone would find out. I kinda wanted it to happen again, but I wasn't sure how to do it without someone noticing. I eventually fell back asleep.

"Dawn." I woke up to Lucas shaking my arm. "Huh?" I sat up groggily. "It's about 9:00 am. We should get going soon."

"Oh. Okay. What route are we going?" I sat up on the couch and put my shoes on. "I think we should head north and then east so we reach Hearthome. After that, I think we should just continue east and follow the roads until we hit Sunnyshore. We might have to camp though by the road."

"Okay. So we have to make it at least past Hearthome today."

"Yeah. And we've got to reach our goal today. This package is due tomorrow."

"Yep. So are we ready?"

"Yeah." We headed out towards Hearthome, and I got to carry the package first. Nothing eventful really happened, and we reached Hearthome in about 7 hours. I really had to pee by the time we arrived. "Okay I need to make a restroom break, like right now."

"Okay. We'll stop at the Pokemon center." We hurried to the center, and I quickly rushed to the ladies' room. As I sat down on the toilet, the pee was already coming out of me. The relief felt SO good. I came out of the restroom, and we continued on our way.

We stopped to camp at about 9:30, and ate a small dinner. I fell asleep right after we ate. Of course I had dreams. I dreamt that I was in a crowd, and was struggling against team galactic. In my dream we followed them into the Distortion World, and I was attacked by Giratina. As he lunged at me, I awoke with the heart racing. It was around 2:00 am, and everything was dark. I'll admit that I was a little scared camping on the road with almost no Pokemon awake. I realized the reason I woke up was because I had to pee, but I was scared to get up. I reached down into my sleeping bag and slid my hand down my skirt. After a while, I felt the familiar warmth run across my hand as I peed, slowly soaking the sleeping bag.

*002*2017-03-25 03:08

I'm sorry I've been super slow but I've been super busy! Sorry it's a super small addition as well... I'm still working on it.

###

The next morning I woke up, and Lucas wasn't awake yet. "Thank god," I thought. I slid out of the sleeping bag, and immediately felt how clammy by skirt and panties were. I was pretty sure I packed more clean clothes, and found a fresh pair of white and pink striped panties and a white skirt. I felt a little chilly so I pulled out my leggings as well. With a quick glance over at Lucas to make sure he wasn't awake, I quickly began changing into the clean clothes. "Now what do I do with my wet sleeping bag?" I asked myself. I figured it should dry by tonight.

