Desperate and Trapped by the Cocaine Bear

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2023-08-22 19:46

I was majorly in a fetish mood so here's yet another story that like the last one is a little bit crazier than some of them, as I think that the more of these I write the more of them I take into the realms of the crazy and the absurd and the speculative, as that's where I naturally dwell.

I guess the inspiration for this story was pretty obvious, I saw the movie Cocaine Bear and, being me, my first thought was in a situation like that what if you really had to go to the bathroom really bad, and then when I was actually writing it I thought of that joke about the bear patrol from that old episode of The Simpsons, and then I decided to make it an actual part of the story. This is one of those kookier crazier funnier stories as far as my desperation stories go and I hope that everybody enjoys it.

Also in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/13295.html

Desperate and Trapped by the Cocaine Bear

"Are we almost there, I really need to pee?" Jill asked. "I always hate it when we're traveling in the country where there are hardly any rest stops."

"Maybe if you didn't drink so much you wouldn't have to pee all the time," Justin said as he finished another can of soda. "Although I have to admit I have to pee myself, I think I'll pull over on the side of the road, feel free to take advantage."

"I'm not going to squat on the road like some kind of animal," Jill said shaking her head.

"Suit yourself," Justin said as he stopped the car and walked off into the woods shouting loudly as he relieved himself knowing that it would annoy Jill especially for him to do so. When he came back smiling a few moments later and sat back down in the drivers seat Jill was not amused. "Are you sure you don't want to go relieve yourself in the woods? You know what they say, a bear shits in the woods, so why don't you?"

"Well that's another reason not to be squatting with my pants around my ankles, in the woods like this there could be dangerous animals like bears who might come and maul me or something."

"Actually bears usually will leave people alone and are not just going to go attacking you unprovoked for no reason whatsoever, it's not like bears are crazy and just bloodthirsty all the time, they would have to be like on drugs I think to want to attack people, and I mean how likely is that going to happen?"

The two of them had a good laugh about that as the idea of a bear that was doing drugs was a comical notion.

Meanwhile not far away.

"Dammit my suitcase full of cocaine landed somewhere in the woods," Arnold said as he looked down from his airplane. "I just hope we can find it before someone else finds it, but I mean what's going to get into it in the woods anyway?"

The suitcase full of cocaine had blown open revealing several blocks of cocaine all wrapped up nice and neat as a bear came by and began eating it as it let out a ferocious growling noise and started going completely and utterly bat shit insane.

"How much longer until we get there, my bladder is ready to explode," Jill said as she sat in the passenger seat impatiently tapping her foot and crossing her legs barely able to concentrate on anything other than the fact that she really needed to pee.

"Don't worry we are almost there, in fact I think I see it right up ahead," Justin said as he brought the car into the parking lot as Jill practically threw her seat belt off and began running towards the bathrooms only to find that they weren't open as she kicked the door in frustration. "Bummer for you."

"It's not funny, I really have to go," Jill said as she once again pounded her fists on the door hoping that maybe she would be able to open it. "We'll just have to go find another rest stop. Honestly I don't know how this day could possibly get worse."

Justin tapped Jill on the shoulder. "Um, Jill," he said as he continued tapping her on the shoulder as she continued pounding on the door.

"What is it, I'm sure it can't be more important than this," Jill said as Justin pointed to the parking lot where it seems like a bear was charging towards them. "Oh, Shit!"

"Okay I think the best strategy here is to very slowly on the count of three start heading back towards the –" Justin said as he saw Jill running towards the car and began quickly running after her.

"Hurry up, start the car and let's get out of here," Jill said as Justin started trying to start the car but it sounded like it was having engine trouble. "What's the holdup?"

"I think something is wrong with the engine," Justin said as they saw that the bear was now right up to the car and looking at them with a psychotic gleam in its eyes. "I also think something might be wrong with that bear."

"I thought you said that bears rarely attack humans?"

"Well I thought that that was the case but this bear looks psychotic, like he's high or something. Wait that's it, maybe this bear is high on something!"

"How on earth does a bear get high? It's not like there's just a cache of drugs just lying around in the woods for the bears to get high off of."

"Have you ever heard the story of Goldilocks and the three Bears, well maybe somebody put some LSD in their porridge or something, I don't know how a bear gets high, but this bear looks like he's going on a rampage!"

"I still have to pee."

"We are trapped in the car and there is a deadly animal outside who might be psychotic or hopped up on some kind of narcotics and all you can think about is how you have to pee?"

"I have to go really really bad, my bladder doesn't know that we're being attacked by some coked up bear!"

"Well I think that will be safe as long as we stay in the car."

"For how long?"

"Jesus Christ Jill I don't know, the last time you were getting trapped in your car by some type of drug addicted bear how long did you have to wait?"

"Well you don't have to have an attitude about it. God I really have to go to the bathroom."

"Why don't you just go in your pants?"

"Firstly, gross, and secondly do you really want me peeing all over the seat of your car?"

"When I saw that bear coming out at us I was so scared that if I hadn't gone to the bathroom shortly before I probably would have pissed myself!"

"Well we can't wait here forever or I'm going to piss myself, and I have no intention of doing that!"

"Don't worry I'm sure the bear patrol will come and rescue us."

"What the hell are you talking about, there's no such thing as a bear patrol?!"

"You mean there isn't a bear patrol, like in that episode of The Simpsons. Well good God if there is no bear patrol then where are our tax dollars going towards?"

"A bloated military budget at the expense of education, healthcare and most social services?"

"You know even as we are about to be ripped right limb from limb by a bloodthirsty animal you still can't stop with the social commentary can you? Why don't we have a bear patrol?"

"Well come on, how often does something like this actually present a problem?"

"It's presenting a problem right now, a problem that the bear patrol could probably easily solve."

"God dammit no bear patrol is going to come and rescue us! And I still really really need to go to the bathroom."

"Constantly mentioning it isn't going to help the situation."

"Yeah but it's worse because when I'm anxious like this I have to go to the bathroom even more, and I think that this whole trapped by some coked up bear situation is really causing me a great deal of anxiety."

"Well look I am sure that if the bear is completely high eventually he will come down off of that high and probably start going into withdrawal, and then they'll probably spend our tax dollars sending the bear to expensive rehabilitation."

"Well that or you know shoot it."

"You'll see in a short time the bear will get bored and he will go off into the forest and then we will be able to get some kind of help. I guess this was a pretty bad day to forget to charge our cell phones wasn't it?"

"You think?!"

"Well again, let's just calm down and I'm sure that the bear will be gone in just a few minutes."

Two hours later.

Jill was whimpering in the seat crossing and uncrossing her legs hundred miles a second and trying to get comfortable in the seat but finding it impossible.

"Do you have to keep squirming around like that?" Justin asked.

"I have to pee so God damned bad I think that I'm going to start feeling high myself soon," Jill said as she dug her nails into the seat trying to think about anything other than the fact that she had to pee, but the only other thing she could think about was the fact that there was a bear staring at their car and if they got out of the car the bear would probably disembowel them, which at least would end up severing her bladder from her body and solve that problem, but it wouldn't solve the other problem of being disemboweled, which all things considered would be a much worse problem to have to deal with.

As Jill began to feel lightheaded and started feeling like she might be hallucinating, her constant squirming around was making Justin get sort of antsy in his seat as well.

"You know I can't watch you squirming around like that in agony, it's making me have to go to the bathroom again," Justin said.

"Hey you already went to the bathroom, I've been holding it all day!" Jill said as she crossed her legs tightly and grabbed herself and began doing her breathing exercises.

"Yeah and the fact that you keep constantly mentioning it is making me have to go to the bathroom as well."

"Well you're welcome to go to the bathroom outside," Jill said as the bear let out a loud growling noise as it bore it's razor-sharp teeth.

"Yeah I don't think I'll be doing that," Justin said, and for a moment Jill was kind of glad that now at least he had to go to the bathroom as well, so at least they would be in the same situation together and it wouldn't be as terrible. But then Justin started finishing up the bottle of his energy drink and started looking at it.

"What are you doing?" Jill said as she tapped her feet anxiously along the floor of the car and began tapping her fingers on the dashboard of the car.

"I'm going to pee in this bottle, try to look away," Justin said as he started putting the bottle down.

"Well I have no desire to see that, in fact I think that maybe you should just you know hold it in," Jill said.

"What am I some kind of a girl?" Justin said as he slowly put the bottle between his legs and began slowly urinating and making a loud hissing noise into the bottle.

"Oh God just let the bear disembowel us already!" Jill said as she whimpered in her seat. "At least it would end this torture, the worst part is the anticipation."

Justin made a relaxed noise as he leaned back in the chair and continued peeing into the bottle, stopping and starting several times before he had completely filled the bottle before smiling and breathing a sigh of relief and looking a lot happier and a lot more comfortable.

"Maybe you should hold onto that in case we need something to drink later," Jill said as she leaned forward and grabbed herself tightly and continued stomping her feet loudly causing the car to shake.

"Do you have to keep rocking back and forth, you're going to draw attention to us," Justin said. "I'm starting to think that you're more concerned with the fact that you have to pee than you are with the bear."

"Well it's sort of a double whammy in that the bear is the main thing keeping me from going to the bathroom and I also have to worry it's going to kill us."

"Wait it looks like someone's coming to rescue us, it looks like a forest ranger," Justin said right before the bear ran over to the forest ranger and began disemboweling him until his bloody head landed on the windshield of the car as they both began screaming.

"Well so much for that," Jill said as she leaned back in her seat and gritted her teeth because her bladder felt like it was going to explode at any moment.

"Hey look, here comes someone," Justin said pointing to a man holding up some keys and walking towards the bathroom.

"Finally it's the guy who is going to open the bathrooms at least!" Jill said as she began hopping up and down in her seat right before the bear attacked that guy and ripped him limb from limb. "Dammit!"

"Are you more upset that some guy got brutally disemboweled by the bear or the fact that he didn't open the bathroom first?"

"I can be upset about many things at once, I'm a multitasker like that," Jill said as she started breathing heavily.

"Oh just pee yourself already!"

"I am not going to piss myself, because when we get rescued and I come out of here everyone's going to say look she pissed herself in fear because she was being attacked by some kind of coked up bear."

"Well if there is any time to piss yourself in fear I think that that definitely qualifies, I think that people would understand."

"No no, this is going to end up being some type of big news story and I am not going to be a news story about that woman who pissed herself because she was being attacked by a bear. You know that if I piss myself that's going to be the front page, woman pisses herself in fear at bear. That's going to be the entire focus of everyone's attention, not that we were attacked by a bear, but the fact that I piss myself, and I am not going to allow that to happen!"

"I would almost admire your resolve if it weren't so psychotic," Justin said as he held up his bottle full of piss.

"Do you have to keep holding that up?!"

"Wait a minute I have an idea, I think that bears are attracted to the smell of urine, if I throw this out the window maybe the bear will go and chase after it," Justin said as he rolled down the window and threw his bottle outside onto the floor where the bear simply looked at it and continued growling loudly.

"Well a lot of good that did," Jill said as she continued rocking back and forth in her seat breathing heavily and trying to think about anything other than the fact that her bladder was going to explode and that the bear was still pacing around their car.

For a moment Jill wished that she was some kind of hunter with one of those rifles that she could use to disembowel the bear or decapitate it with gunshot. She was always a big advocate of gun control but in a situation like this everyone can makes exceptions.

"Do you think that the bear would be attracted to the smell of your urine if you did piss yourself," Justin said.

"You know I have to pee so badly right now that if the bathroom wasn't locked I would take my chances with the bear."

"Maybe we should, at least we would get it over with quickly, this whole situation is so hopeless, we're doomed, nothing can save us now," Justin said as all of the sudden there was a sound of gunfire as a bunch of men with assault rifles shot the bear causing its guts to go splattering all over the windshield of the car as the two of them screamed.

"What the hell was that?" Jill said as the two of them watched the men with assault rifles come marching forward both of them proudly wearing shirts with the words bear patrol written on it in gold with an image of a bear. "What the actual fuck?"

"I knew it, the bear patrol is real, they're probably some secret order of the government that we just don't hear about that much, like the men in black except they kill bears," Justin said as the bear patrol people indicated that they should roll down the window.

"Are you folks okay?" the bear patrol guy said.

"Well I'm glad to know that there is actually a bear patrol after all, see I told you so," Justin said as Jill sat there writhing in agony in her seat. "I wonder how much this is going to cost in taxes."

"Jesus Christ just be glad that the bear patrol saved us," Jill said as she got out of the car and immediately began running towards the bathrooms. She found the severed arm of the guy who was coming to unlock the bathrooms earlier, and with luck she was able to pry the keys to the bathroom out of his cold dead hand and made her way into the ladies room, quickly ran into the nearest stall, sat down and began shouting at the top of her lungs as she finally relieved herself.

"Damn, she really had to go," the bear patrol guy said.

Justin laughed. "Trust me if you traveled with her often you realize that nothing stands in the way of her getting to the bathroom, nothing," he said as he looked at the bear's mutilated remains in front of the car and splattered all over his car as he and the bear patrol continued laughing.

*004*2023-08-25 20:47

@gdubs

"You can’t get this shit anywhere else I love it. The way this is written is perfect"

I'm glad you liked it. And the crazy thing is that even my craziest omorashi stories are relatively mundane compared to my non-omorashi stuff!

*007*2023-09-07 19:45

@Navara.

I am a person who doesn't drive and I know next to nothing about cars or anything like that, so in a situation where the car wasn't starting I wouldn't have the slightest clue why LOL.But I didn't really feel it was important to the story as to why the car wasn't working, just the fact that it wasn't working.

