Clean up on isle one

Author: Dimwitrolo

*000*2017-04-25 23:28

'That'll be twelve-fifteen, would you like a carrier bag?'

The man shakes his head and hands be the cash, a ten and a five. I hit the button on the till and put in the notes, pull out the change, and hand it over

'Thank you, have a nice day' I smile at him. He's already walking away as I say it.

It's no fun sat behind this till. I've only been here an hour and I'm bored out my mind. The chair's uncomfortable, the work is menial, and it smells like someone's spilt milk about a week ago and no-one's cleaned it up. But still, college won't pay for itself, so here I am, wasting my weekends away telling people about the special offer on any 'Diego' brand products. Buy one, get a free frying pan, *woohoo*. It isn't even a good frying pan - It's some soft, cheap metal that scratches is if you look at it too harshly. Still have to try and hand them out.

I sigh and lean back in my chair. I lift up my hand and glance at my watch. 6:15 AM. Sunday morning. I hate mornings. Who in their right mind is up before ten? Mad people, that's who. At least with a morning shift I get to go home at 1. Maybe then I could make up for lost sleep.

Leaning back, I puff out my cheeks and spin around on the chair. I'm the only one in at this time. Well, the manager's in, but she's always in. I don't think I've ever come in to this place and not seen her doing something. I'm not sure she even sleeps. Here she comes now, walking down the food aisle like she's got something to do

'Morning Katie' she sings to me cheerfully. Something must be up, she's not usually this happy

'Morning, Margret' I reply.

'Come now, liven up!' she trills. 'Big day today! It's our two-for-one offer on all Cola, so be ready for a busy day of work'

'It's sunday' I remind her. Her face drops and her mood darkens

'Look here Katie, If you don- *Ahem*'

She clears her throat, takes in a breath and restores her cheery attitude

'Oh, Katie!' she sings. 'We must always be ready for anything, here at LowCost!'

I've never seen her do this before.

'Are we being inspected?' I ask drily

She looks around quickly. No one here, of course. She turns back to me

'Yes. As it happens, we are.' she snarls. 'And you better make us look good so we can be the branch they film the next advert in, they're auditioning today, and if you ruin things with your 'couldn't-care-less' attitude, I'll-'

'Margret Ginger to the office pleeeaase, that's Margret Ginger to the main office pleeeeaaaaase'

Margret glares at me, cut off by the overhead speaker.

'Best. Behaviour.' She hisses, before she brushes herself off, and skips daintily away like butter wouldn't melt. Well, it wouldn't if someone fixed the dairy-fridge.

So today is the day the adverts are filmed. They'll film ads in a bunch of branches, and then air the best ones. This branch hasn't been in the advert for so long as I can remember, but Margret, with her delusions of grandeur, insists that we win it this time, and in her effort to win, she's hand-picked the staff that will be in today based on how attractive they are. Honestly I'd be a little flattered if most of the other staff here didn't look like they'd come from a middle-school portrait club. If it were any other store I probably wouldn't be in for this sort of thing, I'm not exactly a model or anything.

Don't get me wrong though, I'm not ugly or anything. I'm just unkempt. I've got blonde hair that reaches to my shoulders. Wavy and messy because brushing is something for people that don't have an essay due in every other day to do. Permanent bags under my blue eyes because sleep is for people who aren't three weeks behind on that one history paper. Un-ironed white shirt (I don't even know if I've got an ironing board), creased grey skirt that ends halfway up my thighs. I don't think I own a pair of tights that aren't laddered somewhere, and today's pair have a hole about 6 inches long up my inner-left thigh. Cheap white trainers. And a neat red tie and a name badge complete my ensemble. I don't think a day's gone by without Margret having a go at me for some part of my uniform. Today she gave me a hairbrush before we begun, so my hair is particularly neat (It doesn't stick out quite so much as usual)

While I'm sat here killing time, might as well tell you about myself. I'm 5 foot something, fairly light for my age, and I'm studying modern history at university. I'm living in the university dorm (one bedroom, one bathroom and a communal kitchen for about 9 others). I'm single, I enjoy long walks on short piers, I don't like mornings, I don't like Margret, I don't like working at this sh- Oh hang on, another customer.

The man dumps his shopping on the belt which brings it toward me. Just the usual groceries, milk, eggs, some sausages, and two bottles of cola. I swipe them over the scanner and put them to one side

'That's eight fifty' I tell him, trying to hold back a yawn. Would you like a bag?'

'Please'

I pull a bag from under the desk and hand it to him. He puts he stuff in, struggling with the sodas. Noticing how the liquid slops about though, it makes me think I ought to use the toilet soon. I can't go yet though, Margret might punch me if I left the tills empty. Even if the shop is empty. We've probably had most of our customers already. As the man walks out, receipt falling out of his bag as a breeze catches it, I can't help but think that I should have bought some of my coursework with me. Might take my mind off the boredom and my slowly filling bladder. Really starting to regret pulling an all-night study session, I feel like death, and I've put nothing into my body but coffee for the past twelve hours. It hasn't woke me up though - I feel like I'm vibrating but at the same time about to fall asleep. I'm sure that's not healthy.

I yawn and lean back again, kicking my shoes off under the desk. I know the shoes are part of the uniform, but it's not like anyone can see them. And even if they could, the 'no shirt no shoes' rule only applies to customers. I straighten out my body and stretch, arms over my head.

'Yaaawwwh..'

I glance at my watch. Six twenty. It's going to be a long day...

Two hours later and no-one's come in. I've been sat in this chair, trying not to fall asleep, when I could have been finishing off work, revising, sleeping, anything that wasn't sitting in this damn chair. Still haven't gone to the toilet. Turns out the other two folks who were meant to come in today are both off. So I'm the only one working the tills until the afternoon shift starts.

Ugh.

I look at my watch again. Still 8:15. I slouch over in my chair and slam into the till, head resting in my folded arms.

'KATE!' Margret screams from the other end of the store. I drag myself up while she thunders over.

'Katie, I swear to-' she stops shouting 'Katie, we're going to win this advertising deal okay? Because, if we do, I get a raise. That means if you make us lose, you're taking money away from me. So tha-

*dong*

The door's slide open and about six men come in, with cameras, a boom mic, and a clipboard.

'Oh Hello~~!' Margret warbles. 'So good that you're here! We've been expecting you!'

Guess this is it. My Television debut. Margret eagerly starts helping the crew bring in their equipment, while some of the men walk around looking at things. One of them heads over to me, I guess my unkempt everything is already ruining Margret's dream of being in an advert

He walks over and stares at my breasts, without even a lick of shame. In fact he looks sort of confused, what is he- Oh. He's looking at my name badge, which is upside down. I take it out, turn it around and put it back on. I look up and grin at him. He doesn't respond.

I lean back in my chair and sigh again. With this lot here now I have to pretend I want to be here. I sit up, straighten my tie and try to smile.

Sod that, they don't even have the camera's set up yet. Dropping my facade and leaning back, I try to ignore everything and just hope that time passes by without me noticing. Not likely though, my bladder is aching enough now that I can't ignore it. It's keeping me aware. Margret doesn't let us use the toilet most days, so today she'll be doing everything she can to have me stuck in this chair and looking my best.

It takes the team half an hour to set up, then another half hour to discuss the scripts with us. I don't know why we bother, I look like I've been dragged around, with my torn tights, creased shirt and messy hair. The stylist says I have a sort of 'shabby-chic' look. I say he has a 'I-don't-know-what-I'm-talking-about' look. Me and Margret are given scripts each, with awful cheesy lines like 'Here in the dairy, we have Moo-velous deals on skimmed milk!'. I can't think of too much that I'd rather be doing less, but I'm the only one on the floor today, So I kind of have to. Me and Margret take turns on the till to make sure it's never empty. I think some of the customers have spent more time looking around just to avoid being served by her. Anyway, my shift now, which means I get a fifteen minute break from filming.

I was right about customers avoiding Margret. When I sat down about three people came over immediately. All of them bought colas, two-for-one offers really are effective. Cola swilling about in a bottle is also pretty effective and making me realise just how much I need the bathroom. How long has it been since I last went, anyway? Let's think....I was studying last night at around six, had a short break playing Dark Souls until ten, had a coffee, studied until 11, had another Dark Souls break until three, went to the toilet, had a shower, had more coffee, got dressed, proof read my essay on Verdun, had another coffee, got my coat and left at five...

That might explain why I feel like a nuke about to go off. I'd better ask Margret if I can go, it's worth a shot...

No. A violent no. I thought she would bite my head off. She didn't scream or shout, but when I asked her she gave me a look like a punch to the head. If looks could kill I'd be obliterated. So I have to wait until the next break. Her exact words were 'N-not now Katie (she stammered holding back her anger, I could tell), the film crew won't be here much longer, just sit down and do your job'. She tried to make it sound sweet and friendly in front of the camera crew, but I'm sure they didn't buy her act.

No more customers have come in since the last three, which means I'm free to wriggle about behind my desk a little without looking silly. At least so long as the camera doesn't pan over to me. What an advert that would make - the camera pans round, catching all the sales and offers, then poor little me rocking back and forth in the background, red in the face and hands in my crotch. If Margret doesn't let me go soon, I'm sure that's what the ad will be. The tagline could be 'desperate offers!'. or 'Urine luck when you come to LowCost supermarkets!'. 'You won't Pee-lieve our low low prices!'

You know, I'm not sure Margret is legally allowed to stop me using the toilet. But I'm also not certain she won't explode if I mention that. I'm not certain I won't explode if I don't go soon though.

I'm at that point where I can't think of other things. My bladder is the main thing on my mind, but the time is a close second. I glance around my desk. I've got a half empty water bottle here. Perhaps I could sneak this under the table.... I take in hand and begin moving it down. I glance around just to make sure that-. Oh good. Margrets coming over now, abort mission. I put the bottle back quickly.

'Right, get a shot of me and Katie here' Margret says to them. 'I'll put my hand round her shoulders and say something about how nice the staff all are'

I stare pleadingly at the man behind the camera. He doesn't seem to notice.

'I- could I please-' I begin, before Margret jabs me in the forearm

'Shut up and smile with me'

She wraps one arm around my shoulder, her touch making me wince, but I force a cheesey grin. Then she notices my hands, pressed between my legs.

'Katie, make it look like you're scanning something' She says, glancing around for something. She picks up a cola bottle, one of the big ones. 'Hold this over the scanner'

'But Margret, I'

'DO IT' she hisses. I hold it up with both hands, forcing a grin while I do. Without my hands my bladder begins to scream. Nothing holding back now but sheer muscle. I'm trying so hard to hold it in, but it hurts so much! Hurry up and film the scene! Come on, I don't have forever!

'Here at LowCost, our staff are friendly and here to help!' Margret sings in my ear, grinning like a Barbie doll. I force my own smile as best I can, while trying to stop a torrent of liquid coming out of me. Holding the bottle doesn't help. I don't think I can go on much longer....

'No no' the camera man says. 'Katie, darling, you need to smile naturally, you look crazed with that grin'

'Sorry, I just really need to'

'Katie...' Margret cuts in. 'Smile. Nicely.'

I try to pull a less forced smile, and they begin filming again.

'Here at LowCost, our staff are friendly and here to help!'

I can feel sweat on my forehead as I try to hold back

'Just ask our lovely Katie here!' she grins. The camera zooms on me. I can see my face in one of the screens the men hold, showing what I look like. I'm blushing and grinning like I murdered someone and got away with it, and my forehead looks completely damp. My underwear feels like it might be just as damp soon.

'I, uhh'

'KATIE.' Margret shouts. 'I gave you the lines' she hisses. Read them again.

I put the bottle down and grab my crotch with one hand while I take the script in the other. My hand hits just in time - I feel a single drop hit my underwear, cooling quickly. Not enough to show, I hope. I read through the script. 'We'll tell you about our great offers when you reach the till'.

'Okay, scene, 1, 2, - '

I wipe my forehead and pick up the bottle with both hands. I almost lose control as I lift it over the scanner. I can feel pressure mounting.

'Here at LowCost, our staff are friendly, and here to help!'

My bladder feels ready to explode. I won't make it....

'We'll tell y-you about our great offers when you reach the toilet' I say

'Katie.' Margret sighs. 'If you screw this up again...'

'S-sorry'. I mumble. The bottle feels really heavy in my hands now. Three litres of cheap cola, swilling side to side. I need to choose between holding the bottle or wetting my uniform. It's a tough decision, but I'm going to hold the bottle up a little longer.

I can feel my bladder getting angry at that decision. I hold it in the air and Margret starts talking again. I can't hear what she's saying anymore, the only thing on my mind is the ocean I'm holding back. All the while I'm grinning for the camera and trying to look natural.

'...here to help' Margret finishes.

Okay, my line now

'I need a wee'

Margret's hand turns into a vice. I can't see her face, but I can feel her glaring at me, her eyes cutting through me like knives. She has a grip like nothing I've felt before. if only my bladder was the same.

Margret starts yelling, but I can't focus on what Margret is shouting at me right now, but I can tell she's lost it, the camera man looks quite scared. My bladder is the only thing on my mind right now. I'm still forcing a grin. My bladder is getting closer and closer to breaking point.

'Once more' Margret sighs. I lift the bottle again.

'Here at LowCost, our staff are'

*PSSSSHHHHHH*

Oh god! I've gone and done it now! I'm wetting myself! I can feel it spraying on my face and - my face? I open my eyes and look at the spray, it's coming from the bottle. It's burst, and cheap cola is spurting everywhere! I toss it over the end of the till, letting it spray cola over the entire till as it flies. It bursts on the floor when it hits. I can't help but feel like it's some sort of warning. Hands free, I clamp them back down on my screaming bladder.

Margret looks like she's about to catch fire. The camera crew notice this.

'M-maybe we could film it on the next till down?'

If Margret does catch fire, I could probably put her out. She better hurry up though because otherwise it'll be too late.

She forces herself to calm down, breathing like an angry bull as she does.

'Yes. That's a good idea. Come on.'

The crew head over, and so does Margret. I stand up from my chair. Standing up feels like something is pushing against my bladder from the outside. Still, I have to hold on. I try and get a glance at the back of my skirt, check for any damage. I don't have a giraffe neck however, so I can only guess that I look fine. I run my hands over my ass to be sure. Taking my hands off is a mistake however, and I watch a drip fall from between my legs. I slam my legs together immediately and dash to the next till. I almost throw myself at the chair.

Margret hands me a new bottle - one of the new 'supreme' bottles. Five litres of cheap soda. Five litres of agony.

'Hold this'

I'm almost scared to touch it, just in case it's very touch will make me burst like a water main. I breath in, brace myself, and lift it.

My bladder isn't a fan of this action.

I have to hold it over the scanner like I'm scanning it. Which means holding it at an awkward angle at arms length. Usually I'd just drag something like this over the scanner and hope it gets picked up by the barcode-reader, but that doesn't look good on camera. So instead, I put my bladder muscles to the absolute test. It screams at me the second I lift the bottle

'Here at LowCost...' Margret begins

I feel a drop escape.

'...Our staff are friendly...'

Another drop, and another

'...And here to help' She finishes.

Drip, then drip, then drip.

Time for my line through my forced drip - I mean smile.

'We'll tell you...'

No just drips now, but a very slow trickle

'...about our great offers...'

My muscles begin to fail

'...when you reach the till!'

I can feel a puddle forming

'Great, cut!' the camera man says. I drop the bottle and slam my hands between my legs so hard I almost knock myself over.

'C-c-can I go to the-'

'YES KATIE, GO' Margret yells. I scramble from my chair. As I stand I can see the mess I've left, an orange sized puddle sits on the black leather.

At least that's all that I'll lose. I make a dash for the bathroom, as quick as I can, my feet pummelling the floor and then slipping the in soda

No! Not now! The camera crew look over to me as I stumble back to my feet, fighting back another wave as I do. I glance over to them - the camera's still rolling!

I don't have time to worry though, toilet toilet toilet!

Scrambling back up, I make a bolt forward.

I find myself back on my face. Wet shoes have betrayed me. I can't fight back tears as everything begins to get to me. It's like the world is trying to make me-

Drip!

Oh no, I'm really going to lose it now! I scramble up again, and make a charge forward, slipping immediately and landing on my face.

Not now! Not now! I have to get up! One leg up, now the other. I pull myself to full height, feeling my bladder lose control slightly as I do. I'm now losing a slow, steady trickle, which begins to run down my leg. I'll have to walk if I don't want to piss myself on all fours like some kid.

I go to step forward. As I move my leg my bladder loses control entirely and I lose a spurt. I bring my leg bag and stand still.

I can't move.

I mustn't move.

Because if I move, I'm going to wet myself.

I've never wet myself like this.

At work, in front of cameras.

I mustn't wet myself.

My bladder doesn't agree, and another drip falls from me and into my tights.

Here are my choices: Wet myself, have an accident, or pee in my tights.

I'll let my bladder make that choice.

I can feel the others looking at me.

I can't see them, but I can feel them.

I have to move.

I drag my leg forward, not taking it off the other. Even the pressure from that is too much and a dribble escapes and I hear a drip hit the floor.

I breath in deeply.

I step forward, big stride. My bladder loses control and I spurt through my tights.

Next step, same thing happens. I keep marching forward though, and with each step I spurt harshly.

It takes me about twenty steps to reach the staff-only door to the toilets. I look at the floor behind me to see what I've done.

Tiny puddles follow me up to the door, each one getting bigger and bigger until they reach my feet now. My bladder can't stop the flow now, and a gentle trickle is making its way down my leg and pooling by my feet. I grab the handle to the toilet and pull.

It doesn't move.

What

I pull again, spurting hard as I do. Nothing. I take hold of the door handle and pull on it. Legs apart, hands on the handle, I pull!

I pull again! I put all my effort into pulling!

And as I do so my bladder gives up. As I yank on the door I begin to pee. I Keep pulling, but my bladder keeps peeing, pushing out a gold stream into my wet tights.

I give up. It's not worth it.

I lean against the door, tearing up, and I relax my bladder. I just let go. The stream hisses as it comes out, splashing down my legs before hitting the ground and splashing back up my shins. Feet at shoulder width, the stream of piss falls freely down to the floor, splattering loudly. My tights catch and hold all they can, and a warm patch spreads around my ass, thighs, knees and shins, as pee slides down my legs and soaks into my shoes. The white trainers quickly get dyed a pale yellow as they absorb what they can, holding the pee around my soles, toes and ankles.

I feel a wave of relief make its way up my back, like no relief I've ever felt before. I can't hold back a moan, as pee streaks down my legs and tears streak down my cheeks. Still leaning on the door, I begin to squat down, until my legs are folded together, and my skirt catches the flood of pee coming from my aching bladder. Pee begins to pool around my ass, before it is filtered through my skirt. At least now it doesn't splash quite so much. I close my eyes as I let my body empty itself into my tights.

While I have my accident, I remember why I had a shower at three in the morning...I hadn't made it to the toilet following my 'study break'. It felt strange back then. I felt silly, but also not too bothered, almost more relaxed than if I'd used the toilet. I did have to clean up after it though. Of course back then there wasn't a camera crew or a floor manager...

I open my eyes again and look at what I'm doing. A pale yellow puddle surrounds me, steam rising from it. As I finish having my little accident, the store falls silent, and I realise the only sound before had been the dripping of the contents of my bladder.

I stand up again, centred in my puddle. I'm almost proud of how large it is, but I'm also almost about to burst into tears. I take in a deep breath

I stand outside the puddle, shaking one leg off at a time, flicking a few drips back into it. I wipe my hands on my skirt, leaving palm prints on either side.

I let out another sigh, this time of relief. It felt so much better to not be carrying that around with me. I stand up and turn around, ready to head back -

The camera crew are stood right behind me. They filmed the whole thing. Margret is with them. What do I do? What can I say?

'Uhh, you w-won't Pee-lieve our low low prices'

After mopping up the mess, Margret came up to me and told me not to come in the next day. She hadn't fired me, she just felt bad about making me wet myself like that. Also I think she was worried that I might have filed a lawsuit or something. She also gave me some free stock as an apology, including one of those five litre bottles of cola. And she paid for a taxi to take me home. The driver was a little shocked to see me and my wet tights climb in the back, and Margret was a little shocked when the drive told her she'd have to pay a clean up fee. Still, now back in my dorm I can finally finish some of my essays that are due in tomorrow.

I've got changed now, into my comfy pyjamas and that one hoodie I own that's way too big for me, and I'm sat cross legged on my computer chair with a hot cup of tea and my essay on the Great War in front of me. Gotta finish this before tomorrow. I take a sip of coffee while I skim over what I've already wrote.

That said, I might take a short Dark Souls break first...

*002*2017-05-01 03:57

'That'll be twelve fifteen, would you like a carrier bag?'

The man shakes his head, handing over a twenty. I take it from him and stuff it in the till, before handing him his change.

'Thanks for shopping here, come again -' he's already out the door. 'Soon...'

The man comes here daily for a pack of cigarettes, the least he could do is say thanks, or smile. Or even just have the decency to listen to me telling him to come back soon. Some people.

I lean back in my chair, glancing around the shop, looking for customers, other staff, or Margret. Empty. Like most Sunday morning shifts. Could be worse though, it could be busy. I hate busy periods, when there are a couple thousand peop,e all trying to buy at the same time, getting angry with the long queues and then taking it out on me. Yes mrs Jenkins, I do mean you, and the next time you call me a 'good for nothing college kid' I'm going to charge you double.

Last weeks advert deal wasn't much of a success. I was so desperate in the video it looked like I was being held at gunpoint. Not the vibe the LowCost executives want to give out.

That said, parts of the day did end up on television. Remember how I'd wet myself? Well, in my desperate dash to the bathroom I'd managed to slip and fall on my face three times in a row, and the camera team managed to catch the lot. And then genius camera man decides he's going to privately upload that to one of those 'you've been filmed' shows and earn himself a little money on the side. This of course means that I've been seen wetting myself on national television.

Okay, I might be exaggerating a little - you could barely tell that I was wetting myself in the video when I was falling over, and the clip was cut before I completely went, and they'd blurred out my face. But they didn't blur it enough to stop April from recognising me.

Who's April, you ask? One of the girls in my dorm, I reply.

April came into my room (without knocking, I'd like to add, that'll teach me to lock my door from now on) shouting that I was now a celebrity, before turning my TV over to the channel it was being showed on, just in time to see me fall on my face. She burst out laughing. I blushed like an embarrassed cherry.

No one else has recognised me yet though.

Today's shift ends at 12. Which is an hour or earlier than usual. This is because they've decided to do some building work. What are they building? Who knows. I've asked Margret but she didn't know. She said she just knew that if I didn't go back to the till she'd throw me back to it.

So now I'm back at the till of my own accord. But there is one thing I know about the building works: they've had to block off access to the toilets. Which could be an issue. They have given us some of those portaloos for now, but I would rather crap myself than ever use one of those.

Round about now is when my bladder decides to put that to the test by reminding me I've been drinking coffee and nothing else for about six hours straight. Don't worry though, I've not eaten anything, so I won't actually have to poop any time soon. But I do feel like my bladder is on overdrive.

Heck, I can hold it. It's only, like, half past nine. I can hold on until twelve. Right?

Wrong. It's barely been an hour, but it feels like a week. Half past ten, the clocks all say, but I feel like they're lying to me. Like they've all decided to slow down just to annoy me. My bladder is keeping me from sitting still, so I'm jiggling back and forth in my chair. I wouldn't be so bothered but it's now the morning rush.

Most days I'd go to the toilet at ten exactly, because that's when the morning rush begins, so I go to the loo right before the first customers hit the tills, and then I don't need to worry about going for a while, long enough for the rush to die down at least. But today isn't most days, today is 'let's replace the normal toilets with plastic-shit-boxes' day. And I refuse to use one. Ever. I would rather wet myself. I might wet myself.

Hmmm, I might wet myself....

What clothes am I wearing? If it's anything dark, I could get away with peeing a little bit, waiting for it to dry, then doing it again. I've had to get through exams like that. They don't stop us using toilets in exams, but I can't waste precious minutes for something so small as bodily functions or basic hygiene. One time I started an exam desperate, and by the time I'd finished the exam my bladder was empty. Just by peeing, little bits at a time. Right, if I'm wearing dark clothes, I'll do that! So what am I wearing?

Light brown shorts.

Cool.

The kind of light brown that looks soaked if you sweat in them. The kind of shorts that are short enough that I need to be careful how I sit if I don't want to show people my underwear. Not the kind of shorts I could subtly pee in. Not the kind of shorts that are forgiving. The kind of shorts that I'm only wearing because I forgot to put the washer on 'dry' last night and all my other clothes are either dirty or wet.

Margret wasn't pleased when I came in wearing them, said they weren't regulation or part of the uniform. I told her why I was in them, she told me I'm on till duty all shift, that way no one would see them. Sat on the till, people can only see my shirt, which today is the uniforms casual option, grey polo with the LowCost logo on my right breast. Casual apparently meaning 'no tie required'.

What else am I wearing? Same white trainers as last time (washed since my accident, of course), some grey thigh-highs, and my unlucky grey panties.

Unlucky? Yes, unlucky. Some people have lucky underwear, I have unlucky underwear. I don't think I've ever worn these without something going wrong. So usually I'll wear them at home when I have nothing to do, but today I'm wearing them because I forgot to dry the washing. So far today I've tripped over getting off the bus, then I dropped a carton of eggs while scanning them at the till. Could be worse, I suppose. I might really need the toilet on a busy day, that would be worse. Here comes the first customer. It's about to get worse.

First customer dumps his shopping on the belt, which drags it toward me. A large cola, a bunch of instant noodles, and a box of washing capsules. I wave them over the scanner, pressing my legs together and trying to be subtle.

'That'll be eight thirty-three, would you like a b-bag?'

'please'

I pull up a bag from somewhere around my legs and pull it to the counter. He thanks me and fills it with his stuff.

'thank you, have a n-nice day'

How many coffees are too many coffees? April says there's no such thing, but then again April basically vibrates with the amount of caffeine in her. Too much is probably when you go from 'needing the little girls room' to 'oh god I'm about to burst piss everywhere' in the space of an hour. I'm not quite there yet, but I can feel myself getting close. Another customer wanders over to the till and drops her shopping onto it. Paper towels. Bottled water, Diego brand tortilla mix. Better offer her a pan

'w-with all our Diego range we offer a free frying pan, w-would you like one?'

'no thanks' the woman answers. 'I already have about four'

's-sure you don't want another?'

She chuckles. I swipe the items over the reader. The water bottle pack of sixteen, bursts.

Ack!

The plastic snaps, and the bottles are thrown about. The lids burst off and shoot water over my shirt, the till, the customer, everything. The paper towels are ruined.

'Oh, I-I'm so sorry!' I spurt out, trying to gauge the customer as I do. She doesn't look too pleased.

'I-it's okay...' she says, but she doesn't sound like it is. She sounds quite angry. 'I'll go and pick up some more' she says, heading back into the aisles, leaving the mess for me to tidy up.

Its these damn unlucky panties, I'm telling you. I must be soaked head to foot-

If I'm already soaked I could pee and no one would know.

I get ready to relax my bladder, but first I look down to see how much I could get away with. If there's water all over my shorts, I could let it all out. If there's only a little, I can still get away with a bit. I glance down.

Dry.

My shorts are dry.

My arms, shirt, shoes, and till are all soaked. But my shorts are completely dry. This is some next level bad luck I'm getting from these panties. I'm almost disappointed that I can't wet myself.

I open the wet towels the lady left behind and start mopping up. The receipt printer, and the roll inside, are completely soaked. I take the roll out and wipe the printer down.

Printer wiped down, I take the bottles off the till and start putting them in the bin. Then I get an idea....

Peeing in a bottle would be way too loud, and peeing on some tissues would make a mess. But if I put the tissues into the bottle, I could pee silently! The tissues would mask the splattering, and the bottle could hold it all in. I'm a genius!

First I'll need an empty bottle. Most of the bottles are empty, but they're also burst open, so I couldn't use one of them. I'll have to empty one. But there's nothing I could pour one into. What should I do? I pick up a bottle. 330 ml. Not loads, but enough that you'd notice a spill. How can I empty one?

I know, I'll drink it! I'm going to pee soon anyway, might as well drink it. Then once it's empty I can stuff it with tissue and fill it again.

I unscrew the lid and put the bottle to my lips. The touch of water on my tongue is almost enough to send my bladder over the edge, but I hold it in while I drink. It feels like much more than it looks. I take the bottle away. Half empty. I sigh, staring at the water. Bottoms up. I put the bottle back to my lips and drink again

'I'm back.'

!

I didn't hear her come back, she made me jump! I squeeze the bottle a little, splashing a little water down my face. Not a lot though, I'd just about finished it.

'O-oh, sorry!' I stutter, moving to scan her things again. Same as before, except this time I don't goof up. 'That's ten forty please' I say. 'Just make that eight, actually' I decide to cut the cost as an apology, I'll pay for that myself. Besides, I'll be the one using the bottles she was going to buy first time around. Speaking of which...

I grab the bottle again, and am about to stuff it full of tissue when I notice it. The burst in the plastic, where I'd squeezed it when the lady had made me jump. I can't pee in that! Great, I'd drunk that bottle for nothing. Hmph. Now what?

There are two more bottles that didn't spill. I guess I'll have to use one of those. Right then. I pick one up. Down the hatch.

The water touching my throat is enough to make me want to pee, but i can't and I don't. But, my word I want to. I finish about half the bottle before pulling it away from my face. I look at it and burp. I can't down it without being sick, I'll have to pace my self. I screw the lid back one and rub my thighs together. Not long now. Another customer could help me pass the time.

An elderly gentleman walks to the till, slowly taking things from his basket and placing them one at a time on the belt. Butter. Bacon. Sausages. Bread. Milk. Tea bags. Sugar. Milk. Basically a full English breakfast. As they come over to me I begin to scan them.

'That's twenty three, seventy please, wil, you need a bag'

'oh, yes please....' he says. He's in no rush. 'Oh, I have one of those store cards, can I use it here?'

's-sure' I tell him. He teaches for his wallet in his back pocket, taking a moment to pull it out. He looks at if for a few seconds like he doesn't know what it is.

'ah ha, forgot my glasses!' He says to me, smiling. 'Can't read without 'em'. He fumbles around his jacket pocket before pulling out the case. All the while I'm sat here, wiggling in my chair, thighs rubbing against each other. He cordially opens the case and puts his glasses on, then holds the cards up to his face. I'm crossing my legs back and forth under the till trying to hold it in. He hands me over the store card. I swipe it through the reader.

'card not recognised'

What do you mean, card not recognised. It's a LowCost card, why isn't it recognised? I swipe it again.

'Card not recognised.'

I take a moment to force my bladder to not lose the fight, then swipe the card a third time. It works this time, and the computer begins to make noises.

'I could never work these dang things out!' The man chuckles. 'Can drive a tank, but I can't send an email!'

A conversation might help me hold, might take my mind off my bladder.

'w-when did you drive t-tanks?' I ask him

'ohh, I drove 'em back in the Cold War, back when Germany was split in two. I was there at check point charlie the day there was that standoff! In fact I'm doing a talk on it at a university this week'

'o-oh really? Which one?'

'you know the one up by the station? Three towers university?'

'oh r-really? I go there!'

The machine bleeps a couple times, telling me it's accepted his card. It tells me I can discount him for two pounds.

'That's, uh, twenty one seventy' I tell him. He hands it over and picks up his bags. 'I look forward to seeing your talk!' I tell him, he smiles and thanks me.

I really do look forward to that talk. However, the talk isn't the most important thing right now, my bladder is. Well, it's up there, along with global affairs and politics. I pick up the half finished bottle and drink, one hand between my legs to hold my bladder back.

I can feel a tiny dribble escape as I finish the bottle, this time I put it down without crushing it. Two bottles of water on top of my already aching bladder do not help. I might have made it dry to twelve without them, though I'd be bobbing up and down and grunting out of desperation. Now I won't make it to twelve, that's for certain. I'd be lucky to reach ten thirty without wetting my shorts. I check the time - ten fifteen. I stand by what I said.

I begin stuffing the bottle with tissue, quickly but carefully. If i stuff it half way, I might be able to pull this off. Any less than half and it would be too noisy. Any more than half and there's me too much tissue to hold all my pee. Stuffed to half way, I bring the bottle below the till, and I lose another dribble in anticipation. I'm about to position the bottle when another customer comes over.

I recognise the customer from university. A total stoner, doing a course in philosophy. Make of that what you will. He takes his shopping from his basket, and I leave the bottle resting on my thighs. I might burst at any moment. His shopping is almost entirely Diego brand nachos and instant noodles.

'W-with every Diego p-product, we offer a free toilet- frying pan! We offer a f-frying pan!'

'oh dude, you serious? Free frying pan?' He seems amazed by this. 'Aw, man, I just bought a pan earlier for like a tenner, dude, bummer...'

There are cartoony stereotypes, then there's this guy.

'thats, uh, n-nine forty' I tell him, trying not to rock back and forth while my bladder tries to explode.

He fumbles around for the change, handing it to me. No coin larger than a fifty pence, I have to count them out carefully. Focusing on the coins is pure agony for my bladder, and I begin dribbling. Coins in hand, I'm moaning and blushing while I try not to wet myself and count the change. By the time I reach the number needed, I can feel a puddle between my thighs. So much for staying dry. I hand him his change.

't-thanks for,shopping, c-come again'

'hey, you know you said there'd be a free toilet with every Diego?'

Oh god he noticed me peeing didn't he?

'oh, ha ha, that was m-my m-mistake!' I stutter

'you should totally do that, man! Everyone would buy them, just for the toilet. Imagine how much you'd sell!'

'ha, I'll c-consider it!' I say to him while he walks out. I forgot to offer him a bag, so he just stuffs the lot into his pockets.

I fumble for the bottle. I manage to knock it onto the floor, first try.

I wince as it clatters to the floor. I bend down in the seat to pick it up once it stops. Bad idea.

The second I'm low enough to reach the bottle my bladder squeezes and I spurt hard into my shorts. I gasp loudly as I do so. I jolt back up, bottle in hand. I inspect the bottle for any breakage. Nothing, luckily. I hold it down, against my thigh. Holding my legs open long enough to get in position hurts, and I begin lowering dribbles before I'm ready, adding to my already wet underwear. Using one hand to hold the bottle in place, I pull my underwear to one side. I push the bottle close as it will get. I spurt involuntarily, straight into the bottle. Perfect, I relax and-

'Katie?'

Oh god! It's margret, she sees me-

'Katie? Where are you?'

Oh g-good! She's down the aisle, she can't see me yet. I force my bladder to stop - which is agony- and pull the bottle away. The tissue is stained a pale but noticeable yellow. I check the time - ten twenty five. What could Margret want?

'Ah, there you are.' She says, walking over to me. 'The builders are ahead of,schedule, so,were closing at eleven today, thought you might like to know.'. She walks off.

Now I can pee! I pick the bottle up again. Ive already made it quite warm by peeing in it. Time to make it warmer.

The store is empty. No one can see me. Now is my time to- Ack! The bottle!

My hands are shaking I'm so desperate, and two bottles of water have pushed me further than I thought I could go. And now to top it off, the bottle has split open. At least the tissues hold in what liquid there is, but if I went any more then I would-

*spurrrt*

Ack! I didn't mean to do that, I just-

*spuurrrttt*

Oh god it's warm, I can't hold it back, I'm going to-!

'hnn!'

As if out of nowhere, my bladder takes over and I start wetting myself. Two, strong spurts into my shorts, and I'm desperate to do more. I've tasted sweet relief, and I need more of it! My bladder is screaming for me to let go.

And so I submit.

'haaaahhhhhh'

I can't hold back, and I don't even want to at this point. I relax and let my bladder do the work. It spills out into my shorts, hissing loudly as it does. The hot liquid spills and and clings to my thighs, engulfing my ass and flooding the chair. Within seconds it's spilling over the sides with a splatter, soaking into my grey socks from the top down, staining them a dark almost-black. I lean back in my chair and close my eyes - I don't want anything to interrupt this feeling! I feel it cascade down my legs and into my shoes, staining the yellow for the second week in a row, but I don't care.

A hot wave of relief runs up my back as hot waves of urine run down my legs. I let my arms dangle down the sides of,the chair, streaks of pee occasionally brushing against my wrists and flowing down my hands before falling off my fingers. I could stop any time now, but I want to finish having my accident. I'd been holding on for so long, and trying so hard to hold back....there was something so liberating in having lost that fight. Perhaps it was the reward of finally letting it all out, or fact I get to feel all of it run down legs. Either way, I press my back into the chair and smile as I embrace the feeling. I can't hold back a childish giggle as my bladder empties. I don't open my eyes until the last drip falls.

*drip*

Feeling relaxed, I open my eyes again. I'm immediately thrown back to reality as I see a customer looking a bit uncomfortable. I blush immediately. I can feel the heat from my face radiating off of it. Or maybe that's the heat from my puddle.

'are you okay?' The customer asks me. 'Do you need to go to the bathroom or anything?'

'not anymore' I say, still blushing but trying to play it off.

'What happened? Why did you-'

'oh' I say, cutting him off. 'Toilets are out of order, so it was either this or using a portaloo. That'll be fourteen fifty'
