Planet of Desperation - Side Stories

Author: DerivativeWings

*000*2017-11-18 11:05

These side stories are part of a series known as Planet of Desperation, set in a fictional future with alien federations, toilet-regulations and omorashi-based science, oh my!

You can read the first part of the main story here

. Reading the first two chapters before delving into the side stories is probably a good idea, to get a better feel for the setting.

The first side-story, Sleeping Beauty, will feature supporting character Ceel Heart and takes place before the events of Planet of Desperation, part 1.

Ceel Heart - Sleeping Beauty [Desperation] [Free Peeing]

Ceel Heart was a mess. A half-asleep, frantic, stressed out mess. She was sitting in class, but the lecture was hardly registering. This was her final class of the day, which in Ceel's head meant that in just a few hours someone was going to drug her and poke her eyes with various sharp objects.

She'd had a vision fault most of her life, and last week she had finally worked up the nerve to get it fixed. It was a simple procedure, Federation technology made it so, they even did this to little kids! That is what Ceel had been telling herself, but it was still affecting her gravely. She had barely slept this past week!

After class she immediately made her way to the school toilets. She had a toilet time scheduled, and it was going to be her last one before the procedure. Removing her panties and plonking her butt on the seat, she readied her body to release her waste and stress.

But for some reason, she couldn't. Even spreading her legs and nethers, her body was too tense to relax. After a few minutes, she became very annoyed, having her nude butt on the toilet without actually peeing was very uncomfortable. She decided she didn't need to go that bad and left the bathroom before it kicked her out.

Ceel had always thought that the hospital building was a little strange. Half of the thing was a normal-looking hospital building, but the other half was a federation facility, like some freak science experiment had fused the two buildings together. Ceel entered the building and grabbed a waiting ticket and took a seat.

While waiting, Ceel stared intently at her ticket and tightly held it in both hands. After just a minute her number was called. She walked up to the counter.

"U-um. I have an appointment booked. Ceel Heart.." At this, the lady at the counter swiftly went through some papers. "Ceel Heart... Yes, just follow the red hallway until you reach a room with a big four on it. I will inform the doctor you are here, as well" After a slight pause, Ceel followed the instructions.

The doctor was slightly intimidating. He was very tall and seemed to take up a lot of space in the room, even though he was fairly scrawny. When Ceel entered, he flashed a disarming smile. Ceel awkwardly tried to smile back, but at this point she was quaking in her boots.

"Please have a seat, Miss Heart." The tall man pointed her in the direction of a comfy-looking chair. "As you may be aware, this hospital is connected to a federation facility. In there, only federation operatives and select medical professionals are allowed. However, your operation will take place in there. As you have been made aware, you will be drugged during this procedure. Not only for your comfort, but also to preserve Federation interests. Now, a lot of people might find this uncomfortable, however..."

The doctor went on a tangent about fears and phobias about being operated on by federation people. Ceel wasn't worried about aliens, she was worried about people digging around in her eyes.

"...And that is why you have nothing whatsoever to fear. Please change into this gown, then lie down on this table, I will return in just a minute or two and we can start with the procedure." Ceel stiffly followed the instructions.

While waiting for the doctor to return, Ceel felt a bit of a twinge in her bladder. It was getting fairly full. Ceel had a particularly large bladder, and she hadn't wet the bed since early childhood, so she wasn't particularly worried. Still, it annoyed her; if she had been able to pee before she wouldn't be uncomfortable now. But moreso than that, waiting was making her extremely anxious. When the doctor returned, she knew she would have to be ready for the operation to start.

Ceel's mind was a haze. The doctor had returned with a nurse, and administered the sleeping agent. Yet, she wasn't sure if she was asleep or awake and seemed to have lost both the track of time and location. She could see two figures above her, maybe the doctor and nurse. Yet, one of them seemed strange and blue, had the operation started yet?

She felt something in her arm, and suddenly her entire body relaxed and felt very, very heavy. In her dazed state, Ceel worried that she would start peeing, her bladder felt fuller than before and her muscles couldn't clench. A vague state of urgency gripped her, but she had no strength left to resist.

Ceel was sitting in a cave, nude. She had never been in a cave before, but she knew this was an unusual cave for a few reasons. First of all, it was gently lit, despite lacking a light source. The ground felt soft and a little warm under her butt, despite consisting of rock. She was alone in the cave, and her pose was quite relaxed, with her legs crossed by her ankles.

Ceel's bladder was very full. Looking down, her lower belly seemed to stretch a little. Even so, she was in full control and in no risk of involuntarily peeing. Much better than before...

Tracing her train of thought back to the eye operation, Ceel realized that she was dreaming. In her dreamscape, she felt very safe and in control. Gone was the anxiety of the people poking around in her eyes. In addition, her bladder felt like an ironclad fort now, reinforced to last for as long as it would take.

It had been a while and Ceel was getting a little bored. Sitting around in the cave was comfortable, but there wasn't a lot to do. She decided she would search around the cave for an exit; maybe she could make one for herself, it was her dream after all.

Walking around the cave revealed no way out, and walls had a frictionless smoothness to them, completely lacking any holes or imperfections. She decided to try plan B, closed her eyes and tried to imagine a way out. As she did, a strange mix of adrenaline and dizziness overcame her, forcing her to her knees.

At first, Ceel couldn't figure out where she was. The harsh light and the people gathered around was rather unsettling at first, as she could faintly remember being somewhere comfortable and homey just moments ago.

"Ceel..? Are you awake?" It was her mother's voice. It helped her make sense of what was going on. Operation. Eyes. Right. She rose, as she had been lying down, and turned toward the sound.

When she saw the clothes her mother was wearing, she was overcome with a strange emotion. Pride in herself for going through with the operation. Fear- had there been any complications? But above all, absolute and total wonder- her mother's dress was a color she had never been able to see before today.

"Umm.. Ceel..!" Now that Ceel's vision had cleared, she noticed her mother was pointing somewhere. She followed the trajectory of her mother's finger. It ended at her legs.

It was only now Ceel noticed it all: her legs were twisted together several times over- that her nude bottom was just barely covered by the surgical govn in her current pose, and that she had to pee so, so bad.

Her bladder felt like a concrete balloon, and bulged out farther than she had ever seen before. Her body still felt numb and strange in all over, and now that she had become aware of her need, it seemed as though she might turn into a living fountain any second now.

"Ah..! Gotta.. Pee...!" Setting her modesty aside for a moment, Ceel grabbed herself hard under her gown. The pressure, however, was mounting to new levels as if her bladder had been frozen solid during the operation and was now starting to thaw.

"I-I'll go get something..!" Ceel had barely noticed the flustered-looking nurse beside the bed, who quickly left to get a bedpan.

The following minutes were torture. Ceel was rocking back and forth, clutching herself, and massaging her bladder. Her mother would offer words of encouragement from time to time, but seemed a little distracted herself, maybe? Ceel barely noticed, almost all of her attention had to be directed toward the losing battle fought with her pee hole. Still, she had not yet spilled a single drop; the white sheets were pristine still.

When Ceel was sure she had reached her end, the nurse returned with the bedpan. In one lightning-quick motion, Ceel snatched the pan and covered her quivering pussy with the funnel.

"A-Ah, please wait..!" The command was torture. Her legs now spread, Ceel contained the ocean for a few precious seconds while the nurse fiddled with some dials on the side of the pan.

"U-Um, you can go now." Ceel had expected to explode into the pan as soon as the words reached her brain. But for some reason, nothing was coming out. Ceel started panicking. Why wouldn't she pee? She was about to explode. It hurt, the pressure was-

Pssssssssssssssssssh!

The stream was shooting into the back of the pan. It was incredibly thin, yet absolutely fierce, like some sort of precision laser. Ceel's back arched in relief as the Nurse helped her adjust the pan.

For almost a minute, Ceel lost herself in her pee. Her laser-stream became a full-on torrent, splashing the sides of the pan. She was still peeing up an absolute storm with no sign of stopping, but the pressure in her bladder had decreased to a much more manageable level.

Now that her mind was less preoccupied, she once again had time to examine her surroundings. The bed she was lying in was surrounded by white screens, so this was likely a rest area for patients. She noticed that her mother and the nurse were both acting a little strangely- her mother had a rather stiff posture and was occasionally fidgeting while looking away from her. The nurse, too, had a rather tortured look, blushing and biting her lip as she held the pan straight.

Another wave of relief wracked Ceel and she let out a moan. At this, the other women in the room seemed distraught. Ceel's fierce piss finally came to an abrupt close. She pushed a little to empty the remainder of her bladder, a hiss and some drips, and then she was done.

When she was finished, her mother spoke. "U-Um.. H-How do you feel, Ceel?" Ceel gave her a knowing look. "I'll be fine, mom, you can leave me for a bit."

"Mmmph.. I'll be right back..!" Her mother stiffly walked out of the enclosed space, leaving Ceel alone with the nurse.

The nurse was pretty obviously desperate as she detached the spherical part of the bedpan which contained Ceel's great quantity of urine. Oh-ing and Ah-ing, as she fought against the urge to grab herself.

"Are you going to be okay, miss? Do you have a time soon?" Ceel raised the question, hoping the nurse wouldn't be too embarrassed.

"Mmh..! Yes.. I guess I'm being pretty obvious..!" The nurse let out a little laugh. "I have a toilet time coming up, and I should get as soon as I finish here..!" The nurse had fully detached the sphere from the bedpan and was replacing it with a new one.

"Excuse me, is there a nurse in here?" From the other side of the cloth screen, the voice of a woman Ceel didn't know called out.

"Ye-yes.. You may come in." The woman entered.

"My daughter really needs some help, could you come over as soon as possible? It's an emergency." The nurse gave Ceel a worried look, then left with the bedpan and the woman. A minute or two later, Ceel thought she could hear a tinkling noise from somewhere.

Finally alone, Ceel felt totally exhausted even though she had just woken up. Closing her eyes, she got her first peaceful night of sleep in what felt like ages, dreaming of all the new colors she was going to see.

*003*2017-11-19 20:07

{{23 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

Fantastic story, I am so glad this whole plot continues. I am really interested to see how this fascinating universe develops further!

}}

And I'm glad to hear it! The universe has certainly become larger than the stories I've written so far, and I have a few different ways in mind to explore Planet of Desperation in various ways in the future.

Also; I figure I might as well get this information on this thread as well. There will be a second side story posted in this thread soon-ish. After this, I will spend some time planning the next installment of the main series before I go back to writing that.

*004*2017-12-21 17:29

{{On 2017-11-19 at 9:07 PM, DerivativeWings said:

There will be a second side story posted in this thread soon-ish.

}}

This... Ended up being hilariously optimistic. Regardless, a new story will be uploaded in a few hours, and while my readers ended up having to wait a whole month for it, I think the wait may end up being worth it.

Edit: and it's out. I'm pretty glad I was able to finish before holidays haha

*006*2017-12-21 18:37

It's been a long time coming! This side story ended up being about twice the size I intended, also life caught up to me, preventing me from writing for a good while. It's a bit of a segue for Planet of Desperation, opening up the universe at large.

Also, I think internet explorer tried to kill itself when I tried to upload this, so I had to switch browser and try again. :P

This Story takes place after the events of Planet of Desperation, chapter 1.

Life in Orbit [Desperation, Free Peeing]

Ängla woke to the quiet hum of electricity moving through the walls. She was used to the sound; her room got so quiet at rest she could tell the difference in current when the lights were turning on. She lazily moved towards her window and raised the curtain. She took some time to admire the view, today she could see Antarctica and most of Australia.

The window reflected her face. She looked a little tired, her horns still seemed pretty slack from sleeping. She moved off to her dresser to fix her day-face and put on clothes. Off went her sleepwear, fully revealing her blue nude. She picked out some red underwear as well as a clothing combo of tank top and the lower half of the engineer's overalls.

After a few minutes of this, she made her way down towards the mess hall. As she moved down the hallway, the lights went on with her, as if the station was just waking up. The mess hall served as sort of a hub for the sector, connecting to the hallways leading to the rest area, the research area and more.

The eating area in the mess was rather empty, Ängla was as usual one of the first members on board to wake from rest. A few of her sleepy-looking colleagues were waddling into the roomy kitchen-space to make breakfast. Ängla plugged in the toaster and checked the pantry for bread.

Three types; white, dark and a fancier one with raisins. None excited Ängla particularly, but she wasn't in charge of refills for a while so they'd have to do. She popped a slice of the dark one into the toaster and set the coffee maker. Finally, she grabbed some jam for the toast.

The toast and coffee got Ängla's system running. Her eyelids felt like they lost some weight, and she could sense her horns straightening into position on her forehead. If the lights had signalled the station waking up, the coffee had gotten the crew up and about; small conversation had started appearing around Ängla, and the eating area was getting a little busy.

Ängla drew a line across her arm, bringing up her personal tablet to check if her daily tasks had changed since before rest. Same as usual, routine checks of the sector's movement and plantation engines, then research assistance after lunch.

Suddenly, loud noises and quite a bit of commotion could be heard down one of the hallways connected to the mess hall. A synthesized noise signalled that a sector-wide message was coming through.

"Attention all hands on sector 3. A malfunction has caused several facilities to temporarily shut down. Your schedules have been updated accordingly. We are now on level 2 alert, please drop what you're doing and check your schedules immediately. I repeat; Attention all hands...."

Suddenly, the quiet eating area became a flurry of activity. Coffee, bread, as well as other breakfast items were hastily left uneaten as crew members quickly checked their tablets and left the table. Ängla quickly read through the alert and her updated tasks. Somehow, the sector's movement engine had had a severe malfunction, and needed to be shut down and repaired.

Ängla cursed inwardly, if the movement engine was out of function it had to be repaired immediately. Since they were not directly connected to another sector at the moment, they were essentially isolated right now. They still had a reservoir of spare gravity to run off for a while, but if that ran out they were pretty screwed. Worst case, they might be forced to jettison parts of the sector. Worst worst case, they could fall out of orbit.

Scrolling through the tablet, they had thirty to forty hours' worth of spare gravity to run on if they cut off all non-vital functions ASAP. Another sector was rerouting their orbit to assist them if necessary. The faster they could fix this, the better.

The algorithm had assigned her two clearance 1 engineers, Dyn and Eldh. Again, Ängla cursed to herself. It was a state of emergency, and the algorithm was using it to trainee two new hands? No matter, there was little time to complain, and Ängla didn't hesitate when she quickly located the pair. Even though their body language seemed nervous, the two engineers had resolute expressions.

She quickly gave them their instructions: "Dyn, you're going to the plantation room safe door. Go inside, then inform Tärna that I want her to have the Emergency Arrangement D ready as quickly as she can manage. I know Tärna is technically the big boss here, but tell her that I need as much time as possible and she'll understand.

Then, you listen to what Tärna has to say and help them get the arrangement ready as quickly as possible." Dyn nodded and quickly left.

"Eldh, you're going to check every safe door, move lock and arrangement structure you can safely access. Knock first, and if anyone answers, tell them to stay put - And don't open any safe doors, not before we know it's safe. After that, I want every one of them closed, manually, locked in place and turned off - I'll give you clearance for it. Plantation room last, and when you get there, Tärna knows what to do. Then, you go find me using your tablet." Eldh did a quick "yes M'am" before running down the hallway.

Alone, Ängla made her way to the general utility spaces. The utility consisted of three small rooms, one behind a normal door and the other two behind safe doors. The normal door was open and four crew hands were hurriedly going in and out, getting tools and materials. Ängla would need to get through the safe doors, but opening them normally was a huge risk right now. Luckily, she didn't need to.

The four hands consisted of engineers, but they were a special group known as the Inventory crew. Their burly, curly-horned leader, Ofelia, stepped out of the utility space to greet Ängla.

Ängla wasted little time. "You need to get your crew working on the utility closets, as well as the engine room." Ofelia flashed a proud smile. "One step ahead of you rookie, look." Ofelia pointed her towards the utility closets' safe doors. Large holes had been cut into them, allowing passage. Ängla might take issue with most hands calling her "rookie", but Ofelia had worked on the station for as long as she'd been alive.

Ängla scurried into the utility closets and gathered what equipment she needed, and stuffed it into her engineer overall's pockets. When she came out, Ofelia was already getting to work on the movement engine room safe door. She had brought heavy equipment - a hydro-thumper. Ängla quickly covered her ears with sound mufflers.

The sound was almost deafening, even with Ängla's ears protected, but the hydro-thumper made short work of the safe door. With an experienced hand, Ofelia drew a circle in the metal using the heavy equipment - as if she was using it as a can opener.

When the circle was almost complete, Ofelia asked for another tool - the magnetic spinner. When the drill-like object was stuck to the door, Ofelia activated it, giving it a slight spin. This loosened the circle in the door completely, and Ofelia was able to push it into the room on the other side after she deativated the magnet. A gentle stream om smoke was coming out of the new hole, so Ofelia had to back up a little. She turned around.

"This hole should be big enough for a tiny one like you, Ster?" The hole Ofelia had carved into the door was more or less flawless - Ofelia's field may be breaking things, but her experience and expertise made her use of force elegant and subtle. The hole could not be any bigger - if it was, the wall connecting the two rooms might suffer structural damage.

"It's perfect, but you can gloat later. Leave someone behind to guard the room, and no-one other than Dyn gets in. I may be in here for a while." Ängla quickly downed a liquid regulation pill - she'd be in there for a while, and fully donned her protective engineer's overalls as well as a gas mask. Finally, Ängla climbed into the smoke-filled room.

The Movement Engine room was a large dome, full of pipes and cables with the central control core in the middle. The smoke made it a little hard to see, but Ängla knew this room like the back of her hand - she came here for routine checks and repairs every other day after all. Now that she was alone and had a little time to consider, she found the state of the engine quite strange. The smoke was fairly unusual given that the movement engine produced little heat - it seemed to imply a faulty large Urene cell, which may have overheated and caused a chain reaction. The emergency fans also seemed to be off, or at least Ängla could not hear them.

As she made her way through the room, she made a mental list of everything that needed to be done.

1. Clear the room of smoke and cool it down

2. Wait for Eldh to return - then shut of the engine

3. Reroute the spare gravity to the vital parts of the station

4. Replace the Urene cells that supply power to the engine

5. Run a few tests on the engine to see if anything else is wrong

6. Restart the engine

Step two would depend entirely on how quickly Eldh could lock down the various structures controlled by the movement engine. The movement engine was essentially providing the gravity the sector used to stay in one piece, and so turning it off was usually a really, really bad idea unless the sector was connected to another. However, the station had a reservoir of spare gravity stored up, which is why the station was still in one piece - but that would swiftly change unless most non-vital station functions, like safe doors, were shut off to preserve it. It was best if all safe doors were manually locked in place and shut off before this happened - the doors were not just there to keep unauthorized personnel out, after all, there were plenty of things that could go wrong if they could not close a safe door when they needed to.

If Eldh took about as much time to lock everything down as Ängla expected, the blue engineer would be able to start working on the engine with about thirty-eight hours' worth of spare gravity. In a normal situation, this was a generous amount of time; even if the engine was severely damaged, Ängla could likely set up some sort of stopgap fix to the engine until another sector could come assist them.

However, this was not a normal situation; Ängla did not actually have that much time. The reason was the plantation room. Out of every part of the sector, protecting the plantation room took priority over almost everything else. To make sure nothing went horribly wrong with the plantation while Ängla shut down most of the station, she had made Tärna, the chief Gardener in this sector, initiate Emergency Arrangement D. This meant Tärna had hand-picked a few suitable Gardeners and Engineers and made everyone go into the plantation room before the safe door trapped them inside, so they could be there for when the room needed maintenance. In addition, compromising the plantation room safe doors was far too risky - they were stuck inside until Ängla could get the Movement engine at least partially online.

There was just one issue with this. One teeny-tiny issue. Due to the incredible quantity of Urene crystals being grown in plantation, the trapped crewmembers must absolutely, positively not pee while inside or else risk disaster. All Gardeners and some Engineers were specifically trained for this; and every half-year they were tested for holding time and volume. Tärna would be partially basing her choice on who entered the room today on this data.

However, this set a strict time limit for Ängla's work. Despite the Gardeners' training, their bladders still had limits. And after Ängla got the movement engine fixed, she would prefer to run a few tests and some maintenance before she fully reactivated the movement engine - which would take additional time.

Simply put, Ängla's time limit to fix and run tests on the engine depended on the bladders in the plantation room right now. Their training should enable them to last at least twenty-four hours, but Ängla estimated that anything more than thirty hours was far too risky.

As she made these calculations in her mind, Ängla had reached her first target - one of two fan locations in the room. Ängla breathed a sigh of relief as soon as she saw them - when the alarm had gone off she had worried that she had either been thoroughly incompetent in her maintenance, or that the engine had been sabotaged. The fans, however, seemed to have gotten hit by a meteoric dust storm recently. In other words, a natural cause and probably not her fault, despite being rather unlikely. She'd likely get chewed out by the higher-ups anyway, but at least the risk of losing her position was a lot smaller now, even if she'd missed the faulty Urene cell during inspection or something.

Regardless, the fans were bent and corroded where the storm had hit them. Ängla made the trek to the other fan location and found them in a similar shape. A fierce dust storm must've cleared through the pipelines recently. They needed to be replaced, so Ängla used her personal holo-tablet to update Ofelia's team before she got to work on the vents.

It would take a while before the fans got to Ängla; they needed to be rounded up, inspected and then brought through the smoky belly of the Engine room. No matter, Ängla had to remove the busted fans and clear out the meteoric dusk gunking up the vents regardless. If she was quick about it, the room might even clear out a little, making the trek easier on Ofeila's team.

A few hours later, work was flowing smoothly. Ängla had cleared out both vents (leaving a corrosive mess of meteoric dust on the floor that would have to be taken care of later), and most of the fans had been replaced, mostly clearing the room of smoke. The inventory crew had been coming and going with fans, with Ofelia and Ängla attaching them. When they were almost finished, Eldh showed up, sooty and panting.

"Are we ready to turn off the Engine?" Eldh quickly nodded with a "Yes Ma'am" before Ängla even finished her question. "Well then. We didn't completely finish with the vents, but they're not a priority anymore now that they work well enough. Ofelia, leave the room with your team, and make it quick since I'm getting to work on shutting the engine down ASAP." Ofelia gave her a knowing, worried look, but quickly nodded and left.

Turning of the engine was a bit of an endeavour; it wasn't normally supposed to be turned off after all. But some freak chain of malfunctions had caused the engine to override the normal gravity rerouting system - the engine was not producing gravity, yet it still supplied the spare gravity as if nothing had changed. Yet they were making good time, if they kept this up Ängla's estimate of Thirty-Eight hours would become Forty.

Eldh had not been taught the protocol for manually turning the engine off - it was a three-step process and involved at least two participants, one of which had to be the chief engineer. Ängla quickly listed what they had to do.

1. Ängla would have to start the process by identifying herself at a special location.

2. Ängla and Eldh then had to operate particular machinery simultaneously. If they failed, it was back to step 1.

3. The safety barriers around the movement engine core would be turned off after which they could turn the engine off.

The second step took a few failed attempts, but after that they were able to successfully turn off the safety barrier. Ängla met up with the younger Engineer to go to the movement engine core, and noted she seemed fairly uncomfortable. Eldh's face seemed to heat up a little as soon as she started talking. "H-hmm, let's go fix the engine quickly to restore the sector..."

It made sense, of course, since the crisis had likely prevented most hands from using the bathroom; Ängla's own bladder was bulging out a little from her morning coffee, liquid regulation pill as well as the fact that she hadn't gone since before she went to sleep. Ängla had participated in Gardener training, so she did not doubt she would hold out quite a bit longer, but that might not be true for Eldh.

While they were walking towards the engine core, Ängla brought up the issue. "Do you need to pee, Eldh?"

Eldh stiffened for a second and got a little red. "I-I do.. It's embarrassing to admit, but I have a small bladder, I do very poorly in Gardener training..."

Ängla kept her pace. "Well, you're going to have to hold out for a while; we do not have time for breaks, and your need might become useful if we need to - ah, here we are."

The movement engine core was emitting a loud humming noise and clearly leaking gravity. The gravity came it waves, making Ängla feel heavy, then light. It was a strange sensation and reminded Ängla of being very, very drunk. Eldh looked rather woozy and fidgeted slightly. Ängla quickly got to work, if the engine started leaking more gravity, they would quickly become Engineer pancakes.

Now that the barrier was down, shutting off the engine was quite trivial. The dials around the core were undamaged, so Ängla didn't even have to "cut the cord" as it were. Before she totally shut off the engine, she sent out a warning through her personal tablet and gave Eldh a heads-up that she was about to do it. Eldh gave a brave, if shaky nod. As an engineer, she knew the implications of what Ängla was about to do. After this, Ängla waited five minutes to give everyone time to grab something before she shut the whole thing off.

As soon as she did, the humming turned to a low buzz which turn to nothing, but the far more immediate effect was the total loss of gravity around them. For the few moments until Ängla rerouted the spare gravity they had left, the entire station was in Zero-G and the various parts kept together by the movement engine risked floating away into space. This was probably the most dangerous work Ängla was about to do in her entire life - if the automatic system for rerouting gravity was totally busted she needed to be quick about fixing it or doing a manual reroute. If she didn't, she, Eldh, and everyone in Plantation were going to fall off the station and die. Everyone else would safely drift until the other sector could come pick them up... Hopefully.

Despite being quite confident in her engineering skills, Ängla estimated she had about a 50/50 chance of manually rerouting the spare gravity in time - so she uttered a prayer under her breath as she tried restarting the part of the core that controlled rerouting. This time, Ängla was lucky.

The relief Ängla felt when the gravity slowly returned to the room caused her to relax a little too much - when her feet hit the floor she flinched and felt a spurt of wetness exit her body into her panties. She turned to Eldh, who was shaking on the floor, wearing a strange mixture of total relief and mad desperation on her face as she struggled to compose herself while staying dry.

Eldh stood up while keeping her legs together, but she seemed to have regained control for a moment. "Y-you'll have to forgive me for losing my composure for a bit." There were a few tears flowing down Eldh's face. "When we were f-free falling I-I was frightened for my life..."

Ängla could sympathize. Those few moments of not knowing whether the reroute would be successful or not had been a near-death-experience for her as well. "We've been through the worst now, let's go fix up the engine so we can restore the entire station soon." Eldh quickly nodded and followed Ängla's lead.

When they were closing in on the area housing the Urene cells supplying power to the engine, Eldh's condition had worsened. She was now walking stiffly with her hand between her legs, occasionally bringing one of her knees up in a curtsey-like motion. She called out to Ängla. "I-I don't think I'll be much use like this. A-Ahn.. And it's... Hmmm! it's getting quite painful...! D-do you think I shou-should wet myself?" The last part was tinged with hope, Eldh was getting desperate enough to relieve herself in any way possible at this point. Even so, Ängla needed the young engineer to hold it in for a little longer. Eldh started to tear up once again when Ängla shook her head, but still the rookie engineer followed along.

The row of Urene cells now ahead, Ängla quickly gave Eldh her instructions. "I'll remove these cells, we don't have time to figure out which ones are faulty. While I do, you focus on holding it in as much as possible. I don't care what you need to do - just hold it in." Eldh was still crying, but she did as she was told. She went into a squatting position, except she was fiercely applying pressure to her nethers using her heel.

Ängla tried to be as quick as she could about removing the cells without sacrificing safety. Eldh's bladder would eventually give out, and as long as she was able to hold it, a lot of time could be saved fixing the engine. As soon as she finished, she helped Eldh get up and led her to a small nearby compartment.

The compartment contained cases of raw mingeria crystal - the stuff used to make Urene, as well as the equipment needed to saturate them. Between herself and Eldh, Ängla hoped they'd be able to saturate enough crystals, she estimated that they needed about three or four good ones. She shut the special door behind them and fiddled with a few dials - the compartment would soon become safe for them to remove their overalls.

She then started assembling what was needed to create Urene, the crystal cases attuned to Eldh (Crystals attuned to individuals and removed from plantation without spoiling them were worth a fortune, but this was what they kept them around for), as well as a transparent tube attached to a funnel. Eldh knew what she was doing, and gave the contraption hungry looks while they waited for the room to decontaminate. Ängla felt a little bad for the poor girl.

As soon as it was safe, Ängla had Eldh remove her overalls and underwear, leaving the engineer shivering in only a beige tank top. The engineer's bladder was visibly distended, and her body language made it clear she was at her limit. Now that she was down to her nude, Eldh was fiercely pressing her hands into her pussy. Her discarded panties were pretty much soaked, but Ängla made no comment.

Ängla brought the funnel toward Eldh's lower lips and asked her to remove her hands. She begrudgingly did so, revealing her blue, hairless womanhood. She failed to stop a sinful, solitary drop running down her slender legs, loudly moaning as it escaped her bursting bladder. The drop seemed to offer her more anguish than relief, yet she gave Ängla a resolute expression, indicating she would do everything in her power to hold back the flood until Ängla gave the word.

Eldh seemed to be at the absolute brink while Ängla set everything into place. She hadn't peed for at least six waking hours plus eight hours of rest, and the liquid regulation pill she'd taken before coming in here had been steadily filling her bladder. And now! And now, she wasn't even allowed to offer her exhausted muscles some respite by holding herself, or by bringing her legs together. The seconds it took for Ängla to set up the Urene device felt like an eternity of torture to Eldh's poor nethers, the final dam against the fierce waves of her bladder.

"Hurry, pee now...!" Eldh almost could not tell if Ängla's beautiful words had been a hallucination or reality, but it mattered little at this point. Eldh could absolutely, positively not hold it in another second; her stream was shooting out of her before she even noticed it happening. The force of her pee was forcing the folds of her slit to open slightly, and the relief was so great she couldn't help but moan loudly.

Meanwhile, Ängla was carefully monitoring the saturation of the mingeria crystal. When it was complete, she swiftly disconnected the tube from the case. "Eldh. Stop. Stop and listen." Eldh only managed to emit a few pained moans and pants, but her stream dried up. "Hold the tube while I attach a new case. Wait." Eldh's sounds were becoming more and more panicked, but she did as she was told.

This continued until all three crystals attuned to Eldh were saturated. Ängla was satisfied they would be good enough, so she decided to not produce any herself. "How are you holding up, Eldh?"

Eldh was still looking mighty uncomfortable, but the panic was gone. "I-I'm fine, for the moment... But I feel like it's going to get a lot worse unless I can finish." Ängla brought a larger, empty case and attached it to the tube. "So be it. Pee."

Now that Eldh could finish her long overdue pee at her own pace, she seemed truly blissful. She even started to hum, gently. Ängla had hoped to get an excuse to let a little out, herself, since her bulging bladder was sending pangs of urgent need at this point. Even so, she was a strong holder, and so she would have to wait.

After this, they gathered to newly produced hi-grade Urene cells and slotted them into the cell grid. The worst of this ordeal was over, running tests to check if the engine would function again after a restart would take several hours, but Ängla was certain they would be quick enough that the Gardeners would suffer urgency in their confinement, but not emergency.

Things were looking up for Ängla Ster, Chief Engineer of Earth-Station, sector 3. She was not, however, looking forward to the toilet queue after this whole emergency was over.

*009*2017-12-23 09:34

Whenever I write a story, I tend to create extra material to avoid plotholes/remember/stuff/ect. I've decided to start posting some of that stuff reformatted as "Federation Logs" between releases, to assist with worldbuilding. Here's a overview of Earth-station sector 3, where the most recent story of Life in Orbit takes place.

Federation Log #E13 - Earth-station sector 3

Earth-Station Sector 3

One of four Federation Sectors that orbit the earth. Sector 3 is rather small, and houses only scientist civilians. The sector is mostly used for research, Urene production and practical trainee programs for rookie Engineers and Gardeners. The sector has internal chain-of-command which is only overridden by the Sector 1 leadership. The sector is not self-sufficient and relies on materials from other sectors to function, long-term.

Plantation Engine

The sector Plantation Engine is small, relative to other sector. It's used for the sector's own Urene production, as well as for research on the cultivation of Mingeria crystals (Unsaturated Urene).

Movement Engine

The sector movement engine provides selective gravity in order to change and correct the station's orbit, as well as moving or detaching parts of the sector if necessary.

Crew

1 Chief Gardener (Gardener Tärna, highest ranking individual in this sector)

1 Chief Engineer (Clearence Three Engineer Ängla Ster)

1 Inventory Leader (Clearence Three Engineer Ofelia)

9 Gardeners

4 Clearence Two Engineers

18 Clearence One Engineers

56 Civilians (Scientists of various denominations)

Personnel of note

Chief Gardener Tärna

Chief Engineer Ängla

Inventory Leader Ofelia

*011*2018-06-04 19:31

{{1 hour ago, Noone000 said:

That was a great second story (I only just remembered to check this post too, wump wump), however I'm still being thrown off by the phrase "spare gravity". How can gravity be stored? Does it simply refer to the amount of power left which can be used to generate said gravity? How is it made, anyway? (I read this a few hours ago and its just been bugging me, so I'm sorry if you did explain fully and I just forgot...)

}}

That side-story is pretty thick with the sci-fi jargon, yeah :P

It's not something that is currently explained in depth in the story, no. The idea of storing gravity was mostly kind of an interesting Sci-fi idea I had, though it won't necessarily be that big a theme in the future (when I end up getting to future chapters, lol. Work has been murdering me lately)

*013*2019-06-15 14:11

{{14 hours ago, warham1995 said:

I know that this question is 2 years out of date but are you going to write more side stories?

}}

For Planet of Desperation? I doubt it. I lost a lot of material for that series.

