The Wet Adventures of Whitney: Into the Dirty Dungeon

Author: DaCoolCat

*000*2017-12-20 22:04

### Author's Note: I... am not good at dedicating myself to writing these stories for a long time as I am a cat and can only remember what I'm doing up to 16 hours before (according to Google). I apologize for the discontinuation of my old works if anyone really got into them but I want to move on. Hopefully, this will be a better replacement. Thanks for reading.

Do not be scared, my voice is also here. I will be the narrator of these two girls' stories. Well, this one girl who's very pretty name is Whitney. The other one will come shortly. But first, we need to know her goal. What's she trying to achieve? What's her motivation? And, most important of all, how will she wet herself? Will she do a little dance for us? Would she hold instead of using a loud, obnoxious bucket out of fear for embarrassment? Don't worry, I won't always be there to ruin your immersion in the story. I'll let our little girl answer the first two for you. Here and now, Whitney's very first adventure begins...

The Wet Adventures of Whitney: Into the Dirty Dungeon

(Whitney's thoughts) I... we shouldn't have come here, Peace and I. Even after being born into this kind of world, we shouldn't have come here. We had a choice....... Come on, hold it together, Whitney. You're NOT gonna cry. How could she look up to you if you did? No, I'm not gonna cry. But this cell is cold and I miss my bear fur blanket. It was really nice huddling up with her in the big brown's embrace while we sat on in the glow of the fire's light... and the fireplace was too bright to stare directly into so we'd look at the world outside through the cabin's one open window that peers through the front of our home. We weren't like sisters because we weren't. And, although Peace was a nice girl, we weren't lovers either. No sirree, we were genuine friends. Hungry-buddies and dungeon-buddies 'till the end!

I move to brush a few strands of my hair from my face. Looking around once more, I see a small bed of hay on the east side of the space that's surprisingly roomy for just one person (I'm facing northeast, by the way), a locked treasure chest on the south side by the hay, a mercifully empty wooden bucket (I checked earlier and have already decided to give this place a four-star for it) on the northwest side, and a large metal tray with one less omelet and slice of ham right in front of me.

Maybe it's only a big tray to me because I'm a little small. Indeed, I am 5 feet 4 inches. Thankfully, I'm rather toned in some right places so I don't look like a long-haired midget tween. Actually, I have shoulder-length white hair - not that long. And maybe not a midget.. tween. Maybe just a tween or a regular person who's just short. Anyway, I just hope that I look 22 (because that's how old I am. Sheesh, nosy much?).

A strand of hair falls into my lap as I look down. I notice the holes in my rags now. Past the dirty white cloth is only my bare skin, pale as my torment in comparison from having nothing to eat and wandering my hometown's marketplace for a bite and a boot to the ass to wandering around in a dungeon looking for treasures to pay for larger bites without a boot to the ass and ending up here.

Progressive, am I right? I guess I'm trying to stay positive here. Like, maybe the pain I feel now really was the happiness I've had before. C.S. Lewis though, probably didn't take into consideration about what if someone had a consistently sucky life like me.

*Clink, clank, clink, clank, clink, clank, clink, clank.

The sound of footsteps from the western wall grows louder as they near me. They sound like they belong to the succubus who put me in here.

Yup, confirmed.

She stands tall on her black heels right in front of my cell, an imposing visage of sexual deviance as she practically begs to be looked at and swooned over by both men and women alike in her skimpy red panties, stringed to look like they're about to slip right off if she'd just shimmied her hips in a certain way. It looks even more lecherous because her skin is also red but of a lighter tone. Above them, she wears a black, transparent long-sleeves shirt/blouse that seductively forms a triangular tail at the back and bottom of it, hanging (admittedly) sexily between the gap of her pretty thighs.

Is it wrong to see that in another woman?

She has a DD pair pretty firm in it too.

Wait a minute, what am I thinking?

"Hello, Pet. Did you enjoy your lazy slumber?" She speaks suddenly.

I decide to keep quiet. I refuse to allow this demoness to think that I'll cooperate with her.

"Ahh, a stubborn one **She whispers. I see. Perhaps you would like to feel what it's like to be punished? I cannot blame you." She hooks an index finger on her lower lip before licking it... passionately. Again, I keep my silence. If she thinks she can seduce me.. then I'll make her pay once I get out of here. For know, I'll ignore her and see what she does.

"You should know that I'm not your everyday succubus, Pet. I am a demoness. The job of a succubus is a role, you see, a responsibility, just like many others, that one takes if she is to prove her loyalty to the... well, her daddy. Her real daddy. Don't worry your little head, Pet. You will meet him soon and you will be his pet as he becomes your new religion. But do not worry about it for now."

Except I'm very worried about what she's talking about now. It couldn't possibly be true... right? I mean, monsters are one thing but creatures like... deities? This guy can't be for rea-

*Snap.

The demoness snapped her fingers and I could feel a sharp pain around my lower abdomen. The feeling's like a massive cramp, like one that you get from doing too much physical labor and not drinking enough water to go with it.

"Oww!" I let out in its severity.

Wh-what was that? How did she - how's she...! C-controlling my body like this..... uuu.......?!

For every tiny movement I make, the pain worsen. I clutch my lower belly in both arms and fall to the fetal position. All my muscles there feel like they're about to give birth to something! I fall on my side as I start kicking my feet in knee-jerk-like reaction, something that the succubus finds greatly amusing. She laughs at me.

"Oh, my Pet," she smiles. "What a show! Now, it just reminded me of an idea for something even more wonderful. I've been wanting to try this and I think I'll try it with you!"

Oh, great! What-argh!-could it b-be?

*Snap.

The demoness snapped her fingers again and, this time, I feel nothing. The pain dissipates fairly quickly and only to leave me with a feeli-

...

.....

.......

OH, MY GOD. NO, YOU'VE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME. PLEASE, PLEASE, DON'T DO THIS. DON'T LET THIS BE HAPPENING!

The pain was only transformed into numbness but, four seconds in, I could feel it all. The fullness, the distension, the pressure, and my hands grabbing onto my nakedness under my piece of shit clothes. The demoness is having all the fun in the world, watching me squirm on the floor. I could feel my cheeks flushin-

FUCK, BAD CHOICE OF WORD.

Blushing. It's too late, something has just found an exit through my ironclad hold. But I can't fell i-

*Squirt.

Oh, there it is now. Yes, that was a leak.

"Oh, my. Are you not even so proper that you can't control your own body? You really are just a pet. Come on, there's the bucket. Now, go to your litter box, Pet! Ah, but perhaps you're a baby who needs a diaper instead," the demoness says as she distractedly grinds the palm of her free hand that's not toying with her lips onto the front of her lady parts, thoroughly savoring every moment of my misery from a hyperextended bladder. The sadist!

Fuck, s-she noticed... but, gahhh!-I can't hold on much longer a-anyway. Uuuuu, is this the end?

The bucket seems impossibly far away. I couldn't move except to grind my own crotch in the most humiliating display I've ever seen or been in in my entire life. I probably look real pathetic right now: a grown woman in her final stages of an extremely personal distress lying on the floor, vigorously attempting to rub off her tension when she barely has the strength to and fidgeting when she can't subconsciously.

*Squirt.

"Eek!" I squeal.

"Oh, no~!" She says, mockingly. "You have to hold it in, Pet. What are you doing? Would you not be ashamed? Embarrassed? What if your friend sees you like this? Shall I bring her to you?"

"..."

"Oh, alright. I'll tell you what, miss Wee-wee Pants. Oh, wait. You not.. wearing any pants. My mistake. If you can last for the rest of the day without pissing yourself like a filthy animal, I'll let you use the bathroom again for the rest of your stay here. If not-"

"..."

*Psssttttt.

I let out an inaudible moan as I lose everything in the moment. My dignity, my courage, my strength... all have started to leave my body as I fill between the walls of my confine with the smell of hot piss. It splatters against the cool floor while puddling underneath me, creating a growing lake. It streams powerfully through my fingers and the force of it, weakly but effectively, vibrates throughout my entire body. But this is... some kind of bliss?

That's... impossible. But..... how does this feel so gooood?

"Ah-ahhhhh~"

Crap! I didn't mean to sound so into it! I need to s-stop... peeing.

But I can't. Apparently, just pissing myself is not humiliating enough so my body has to force itself to do it for another whole minute of relief and ridicule from the demoness' gaze. I could feel myself losing to her powerful gaze as I shiver from the cold air setting in.

"Oh, you pathetic thing. Lying in your own puddle of filth. I'm very disappointed, Pet. No, in fact, you disgusts me. And it is now time for your next punishment," she says, menacingly. "Get up."

I slowly get up as to not slip in my own puddle of urine...

... That I have created.

Incredible shame would barely fit the description of what I'm feeling right now. I want to crawl back to the space from where I was before and act like nothing has happened. This is beyond embarrassing. My rags are drenched in a fresh coat of evidence for the deed...

... That I have done on the ground.

"Oh, Pet. Don't worry, I'll have you change into something much more refreshing in a second. Really, you've been obedient enough as to moan for your mistress a couple of times in your dirty little show. I shall reward you before I punish you," she says.

*Snap.

Once again, the demoness snapped her finger. This time, the treasure chest clicks.

"Move and pick out something clean for yourself," she gestures at the chest with a disgusted look on her face as she glares at me.

I halfheartedly walk over to the chest before opening it to find neatly stacked clothes for the taking. I quickly look over the selection: a pair of tan fur pants with a matching jacket that covers everything but the chest where it (conveniently) was cut out, a white metallic bikini that seems to have some sort of tiny ridges on the bottom of its panty piece, and a chainmail armor that would leave all of my legs out in the open as well as providing any onlookers with a clear view of my cleavage.

T-these are all unacceptable! I can't wear any of them!

I look back at the demoness in hope to argue my point but a quick, decisive raise of her right eyebrow sends chills to my core.

C-crap.

I move to pick one out.

"Careful with your choice, Pet. Your next punishment will have to do with combat with your fellow humankind. You'll probably want the chainmail," she says not in a suggestive way but in a commanding tone of voice.

I have to do what she says for now. I need to know how this place work so I can break free so the better terms I'm on with her, the better my chances of escape would be.

I pick out the chainmail dress and start to change myself out of the wet rags of cloth. The chain feels cold against my skin and even colder on my wetter... places.

I have to find Peace. We have to get out of here.

*Snap.

Suddenly, my need to urinate rises again before it quickly... dissipates?

"That was my new curse, Pet. Be glad that I placed it on you. I expect you to do great things with it," she says.

"W-what do you mean?" I ask, shakily as the air that softly blow between my now-sticky legs feel very cold.

"Oh, I'm glad you can talk, Pet. Very interesting. But the curse will not require you to. Actually, it will make you have to go in the most desperate fashion," the demoness says with a smirk to the horror that must've shown on my face.

W-what? I can't go through that again!!

"You will entertain me, my pet, and you will have a chance to be free," she says before laughing.

"But I doubt you'll ever want to leave. Oh, you dirty Pet, no. You have no idea what it's like in the other parts of your stupid journey. But it will be me, not the dungeon, who will break you."

*003*2017-12-22 05:30

Okay, so that could've gone better for our heroine to start off with. The real stuff though aren't often pretty. I think, to me, reality is better than being fake. That was a quote from Ice Cube that I found on BrainyQuote.com. Anyway, she may have it rough now but the truth is that she gets to live in a world where magic exists: a fantasy world. I live in Trumpsville, USA and have a friend who has relatives in... right, too much information.

Oh, and I'm also a cat so I'm probably going to get fucked if Ajit Pai decides he needs another video explaining about the things you'll be able to do with net neutrality dead. I mean, he already got the dogs and I haven't seen those guys on my social media feeds ever since. I guess my point is: don't feel bad. You're here to relieve stress, not worry about another human being. Instead, just keep imagining a sexy, white shoulder-length hair, 22-year-old girl doing all these nasty things for your ̶d̶e̶a̶d̶l̶y̶ ̶s̶i̶n̶ pleasure because she's a strong and independent woman. Let's get back to her now.

The Wet Adventures of Whitney: Into the Dirty Dungeon

(Whitney's thoughts) Damn it, how do I get out of this? Think, Whitney.

*Squirms.

N-not about that...! Jeez, what kind of magic is this even?

The curse seems to make me need to use the bathroom when I'm under (at least) mental pressure and I haven't been able to take my mind off of what that demoness girl mean with the next punishment.

So I'll be fighting another person?

It isn't something I haven't quite done before but the thought of it still worries me.

I wonder if there's a way out. Maybe I can convince that person to help me take down the demoness... yeah, that's a plan. But what if they don't want to help? Hmm, I could....... n-no!

It's a terrible idea but if things were to get bad in the fight, I could wet myself purposefully to gross out my opponent. It would surely stop the fight, right?

Well, unless they're a pervert. B-but still, there's no way I'm doing that! Even if it might works!

*Squirms.

N-nh! I'll just have to fight!

With that, I steel myself to dissipate the pangs in my bladder and walk over to the table to choose a weapon. They seem to be all magical items, branded nonlethal by a seal on each of them. Looking back, the room that I'm in provides little in lighting as I struggle to find the gaze of the barbarian-like dungeon guard who watches over me. I feel it well, though. There would be no contest between me and him if we were to battle. In fact, he'd probably win in an instant. My time as a hunter and scavenger from before had only taught me average skills in knife-fighting. My greatest bet have always been to avoid any physical conflict. It doesn't seem like too much of a plausible option now.

I look over my weapon options. I could go with the obvious choice: a large dagger that'll let me be maneuverable but it comes with less protection. Actually, thinking about maneuverability, the armor I'm wearing is pretty good disregarding its modesty. It provides decent protection (out of the selection that she gave me, anyway) with the added bonus that the fur outfit doesn't have: it's hard to grip onto. In a close quarters battle, and since I'm already going for the quicker hack-and-slash style, it'd be best to be able to move even at the cost of it being extremely embarrassing to wear.

It's better than the bikini anyway...

Or so I keep telling myself.

I could go with a short-sword. It's a little bit longer than the dagger but that could be a problem too if I can't hang onto it. I'd have less control. I've also never used one either. The last appealing option is a small, square wooden shield. Just inside its rims is a line of what appears to be iron in a square so if it's used carefully, I can be well defended overall.

And since I'm going to try to convince whoever I'll be up against to go up against the demoness with me, I might need to look less threatening.

Finally, I -

*CLANK.

"HURRY AND CHOOSE YOUR WEAPON, PET," the guard says.

"Eek!" I let out.

And with that, the pressure's on. In my chainmail, I could feel my bladder all of the sudden bulging out against the cold steel. Desperation badly beads my forehead as I double over quick enough to nearly knock myself out on the table. I throw both hands down there to 'hold it' before using my right arm to push on the table as my legs threaten to buckle right from under me.

T-this is m-m-much worse... than I thought it w-would be...!

Fighting would be tough but I grab the shield and force myself to focus on the task at hand. That is, to find my friend so we can leave this place.

T-that's right, Peace is waiting for me. She could be in a lot more danger, right now. I have... to focus.

I brace myself once more and the need slowly (but not completely) vanish from my mind. I could still feel my bladder as I walk to the guy. He looks at me with a frown on his face.

"Hmp! You will not make a good match... but perhaps you will provide entertainment in some way," he says, coldly.

My legs shake in the embarrassing discomfort as I stand still.

"Move on to the platform, human whelp."

I move onto a circular platform of stone and hidden mechanisms. In the darkness of the room, I nearly hit my face into the wall in front of me. It's conformed itself to half of the circle and appears as space for an elevator.

I guess that's what this this.

As the stone platform turns and raises itself, I take the opportunity of the guard looking the other way to grab myself, doing a pee-pee dance in the shadow. It raises to a halt in a large stone room where torches emanate perfectly throughout the room. And on the opposite end of the room is my opponent.

"Welcome, pets! Today, you will fight for your freedom from my dungeon! As we have a newbie here, I expect a truly spectacular performance from you, whore!" The demoness' voice booms form a large barred window that connects to a luxurious room.

There she is.

I stare at her, unconsciously noting how her black hair rests on her side like her body on the expensive-looking burgundy couch and how beautifully impressive it all is. In her position, I finally notice a pair of horns on her head.

But I can't deal with her now.

I turn my attention back to the girl in front of me. She's a red-haired girl with a tough yet beautiful yet cute face, wearing her hair in two long pigtails. She seems tall, maybe 6 feet or something. She has a scimitar and is wearing a gladiatorial skirt and bra plates for armor.

... Now, that's not fair.

"I will not fail you, Mistress! I will teach this little girl her place: at your feet as I am," the girl says.

"Wait, hold on. I don't want to fight you -"

She cut me off with a charge of her blade, aiming to break through my small shield. I dodge at the last second with the blade skirting off the right of my shield as the metal sound vibrates in the air in contact with its square lining of steel. I try to come up behind her as she's turning around but then the scimitar turns first and poke by my left side.

That was...

*Pssst.

... Close. Huh?

As it is, I could only see the blade by my side. But looking down, I could also see my spirit's downfall. Yep, I'm wetting myself.

"D-damn it," I say, more to myself than to the girl in front of me who's witnessing me humiliate myself.

Despite being prepared for this, I somehow feel extremely embarrassed. Amazing, right? This isn't how I planned it would be but I guess I did planned for it to come. I could feel my cheeks turning red the longer I could feel my legs being trickled down on. The wetness is warm enough to make steam or.. it's my tears.

B-but I'm only crying from how embarrassing this is! I'm not scared! This was an accident!

It was shock, I'm pretty sure. I go to make one last-ditch effort to withdraw myself from the unimaginable shame and accidentally lower my shield on my right arm. The girl jumps at me.

"Eeek! H-hey!"

She pushes my shield up from covering my disgrace and trips me over backwards before slamming her sword between a ridge in the stones on the floor just next to my face, causing a huge spray of wee to streak her armor and bare skin as well as mine. In the abruptness of the situation, I confusedly move the shield over my chest when she goes for my chainmail. She presses her lips to it (specifically, my bladder...) and tries to kiss it with intensity before change her mind to breathe heavily on it.

"S-stop! What are you d-doing?! N-n-no!" I cry.

I clamp my legs against her embrace but she's able to push them away. She continues to make out with my lower body in the most humiliating way as I fail to stop peeing. Urine now splashes on her throat before streaming down to her breasts and dripping onto the ground, reaching as far down as my ankles.

I... I give. I give up. I... give.....

It feels so good. The relief, the hot kisses, and the warmth of bodies (and pee) can't be described less than incredible. It might be the curse too but..... how come I can't seem to care?

I'm so close....... but... it has to be the c-curse! I k-know... it is~-

"Hiii~"

And it happens. Girl-cum wet my skin as I squirt hard, drenching a part of the girl's hair as wee sprays past her shoulders. She visiably shudders as (as I can imagine) tiny little yellow rivers of urine runs down her back. I lay still. My chest heaves with my shield still over it. My gaze stays on the ceiling. The girl gets up to her knees before the demoness finally laughs.

This is it. I'm going to be stuck here. Am I never going to see Peace again?

"Well done, whore! That was very entertaining! You've earned your end of stay here," she says.

"Thank you, Mistress," the girl replies.

I look in time to see the demoness form a gesture and summon a portal.

"Your escape, whore, a multidimensional portal. To use it, have a place in mind before stepping into it. Now, go. Go somewhere and make me proud! And bring back some souvenirs."

With that, the girl disappears along with the portal.

"As for you. Tsk, tsk, tsk."

Tension steals my gaze to her body as the effect of her magic as she walks over to me, burning what feels like permanent marks of shame on my flushed face with her eyes licking voraciously all over my sweaty and piss-sticky body.

"You will receive another well-deserved punishment for losing," she says before laughing.

This is it. It's ove-

"Arghhh!"

Huh?

A scimitar is jutting out from the demoness' belly (or, magically, through). The pain in her shriek strikes fear into me again as I spurt all I have leftover from my wetting into the puddle underneath me.

"Betrayer!!!"

It was the girl. Sh's now attacking the demoness with greater speed and ferocity that what she had during my fight with her. Quickly but cautiously, I get up on my feet.

"Whore!!!"

"Huahhh!"

I use my shield to try to knockout the demoness from the back of her head, swinging with everything I have while still being careful in case she turns around and...

*SMACK.

It's a direct hit! But then, the demoness drops to a puddle of red and black shadows on the ground before running away, dissipating as she crashes against a wall.

It's... over.

"Damn, she got away," the girl says.

"... Yeah, uh."

"Thanks for the help right there. It would've gotten ugly if you hadn't step in."

"Oh, no. Seems like you had her, ah."

I feel my cheeks burning up again as memories of what we did moments ago resurface. Looking down, I could feel her embarrassment too from the corners of my eyes.

"M-my name is Delia," she says, offering her hand.

I take it.

"Thanks for coming back," I say to her.

"I have someone down here that I need to find."

I nod my head in understanding.

"You too?" She asks.

"Yeah, a girl," I say, looking at her.

She nods to the implication.

"A guy."

*006*2017-12-25 04:21

{{6 hours ago, blooper said:

An excellent story so far. A bit of a grim start, but that's how these often go. I'm sure we'll find out more about what's going on with this setting as it continues, it seems interesting so far. A bit sad we didn't get an accident from our demoness when they successfully turned on her, but the inclusion of a redheaded warrior woman intentionally getting peed on is certainly within the realm of my interest. Any plans for messing in this one?

}}

I don't see why not. Glad you're enjoying it.

*007*2017-12-26 08:54

The Wet Adventures of Whitney: Into the Dirty Dungeon

Delia and I got to know one another a little bit more as we picked the place clean of anything useful and nice. The part of the dungeon here, I found out, is only a small area in the labyrinth of it all. Turns out, each of these areas is ruled over by a monster of some sort. Delia herself is fairly new to this too. She told me that she was an adventurer for a time before and that she had taken on a quest to clear out the dungeon from the elders of a village who supplied her generously as she was well known from around there.

"A place called Nawthor from a cold and barren land," she told me.

She also had a companion who she went into the dungeon with and the guy who she's looking for now. They were separated when they reached the monster of their first area: a wraith in a land of fallen leaves. She was disoriented and got lost when she tried to find him so, instead of reaching him, she found an escape: a one-way portal to her dismay. She told me that she's been here for about two weeks and that she got lucky and was able to clear out two other areas on her way until she was captured and made a slave here. In her rush to reach her friend as quickly as possible, she knew she would need to play along until she could attempt an escape. Fortunately, the demoness explained to her, time in this area runs slowly than that of others so she didn't lose as much time.

"Now, I can only hope that we will find our friends in good health," she says. "I... I nearly lost my mind playing to the whims of that d-damn demoness."

"But you're okay now, right? Are you hurt?"

"No, I'm fine."

She puts a hand on my shoulder.

"I'm just glad I found another decent living being down here."

"So... we're officially underground?"

"Maybe, I... I actually don't know if we even are anymore. I mean..... nevermind."

"Don't worry about it, I know what you mean."

She stops searching in a nearby treasure chest and produces from one of the small brown sacks on her leather belt a weird looking object. She smiles dimly in its soft glowing light before she speaks.

"I found this thing in my last area before I came here. It's quite weird, yeah? To be completely honest, I don't know how it works but what it does is it allows me to store some things within it, like a... magical bag."

She flips it on one of its sides and a number eight pops up, hovering on its light.

"That's how many different objects I can still store inside..... It... makes more sense if you don't think about it."

"That... doesn't make any sense at all," I say to her.

"Heh, don't worry about it," she replies.

She then takes it up to a bejeweled sword resting nearby by and shines the magical bag thing on it before it completely disappears!

Holy crap. What else kind of powerful magic do they have down here?

Delia catches me looking in awe and smiles brightly in clearly my doubts about the magical item.

"See? But don't worry. I won't be selfish. Let's just say whatever we find we'll split evenly when we find a way out with our friends," she shrugs. "Or another use for them."

"Okay, thanks."

It feels nice to be in good company.

As we finish looting the place, I decide to put on some extra layers of protection for myself. Still donning the chainmail, I add on to my explicit cleavage in favor of better protection by wearing the bikini and tan fur coat and pants (which are thin and comfortable enough for sleepwear but seriously lack any real protection other than that of one's decency). I also decide to hang on to the round shield, short-sword, and dagger after fashioning myself from some materials laying around a decent belt. And after Delia was done searching some rooms, we head out into a large hallway.

"Alright, do you have everything you need?" She asks.

"Yeah, I'm ready," I reply.

"Good."

"By the way, what were you looking for in those rooms?"

"N-nothing in particular. Just for some better valuables."

"Ah, nice. Well, uh, do you know a way out of here?"

"Yeah, shouldn't be too hard. It's a big place but I think if we only follow this path here we should be able to avoid the guard."

"There's only a single guard in this area?"

"Yeah, but he's really powerful."

"Dang, it sounds like you've fought him before."

"Yeah, he is quite skilled."

*Fidget, fidget.

Hmm? Did I see something?

.......

We walk for about 10 minutes down the endless hallway before finally reaching a portal door. With no idea on how the portals work, we jump in. By the next second, we're standing on a rock in the middle of a wide, raging river.

Wait, what? Did we just -

"H-hahh."

"Huh? Delia, are you okay?" I ask after her nervous sigh.

"Y-yeah, I just lost my footing for a second. Don't worry."

She's acting a bit strange...

Looking around, there doesn't seem t be any notable landmass anywhere, only some large and flat rocks that break the repetitious pattern. There's also a bit of mist that obscures everything beyond 50 meters.

Very strange.

"We're still in the dungeon," she says.

"Well, looks like we're gonna have to start moving in some direction. What do you think?" I ask her.

"We should move downstream. Even if we don't find any information about the dungeon or our friends, we'll at least arrive at some lake or the sea. Settlements are sometimes built around a lake so if we're lucky and this dungeon makes any sense we should find some sort of help.. or a monster to slay and move on."

"Ah, right."

With that, we start to jump from rock to rock, daring only the flattest-looking platforms. The going is slow and, after thirty minutes, something start to happen...

"A-ahh."

"Hm? H-hey, do you need help?" I ask Delia as she seems to struggle.

"I-it's fine, I-I'm just tired. T-that's all."

*Squirm, fidget, fidget, fidget.

That's weird, she doesn't look tired. Actually, she seems to be more on the active side-wait a minute (1 + 1 = ...)... Oh, she needs to use the restroom.

"H-hey, if you need to do your business I can wait," I say to her.

"H-huh?"

"I mean, i-it's okay. I'll just turn around and you can.. do it."

"W-wait! Don't, I mean, it's not like that!" She waves her hands in veto as she blushes colorfully. "I-I can't go with someone nearby. I have a s-shy bladder."

"H-huh?!"

W-what a surprise. She seemed so confident and sure of herself a while ago, even when she.. did those things to me. But now, she's saying she has a shy bladder?

"I can move over there if you want," I say to her, pointing at a faraway rock.

"It's n-no use. I won't, ngh, I can't go if I know someone's there. Look, let's just m-make it down a little further, please."

Delia is holding herself now with both her hands. Turning away and slightly dancing on the spot, she focuses on the next jump. As we continue, I start seeing more signs of desperation. Her legs slightly tremble after every move she makes and her hands seem to not like having to change their positions on her crotch, making it an extremely suggestive display as she digs around the culturally sensitive area on her gladiatorial skirt, looking even more like a little girl in need of a potty break with her red pigtails bouncing on her chest as she moves. Her fingers occasionally go a little deeper than her palms but not under her skirt or in. In searches for the next platform, she usually bends a little forward too with her hips wiggling sexily right beside me.

S-she's actually... really cute like this.

Despite her being the taller woman, she seems to project innocence a lot more now than before.

"H-hey! What are you looking at?!"

"O-oh, uh, nothing! I-I mean, I just think you should go before you... end up like me from before."

That was bad, that was bad, that was bad.

"I a-already told you that I can't," she says, blushing harder now.

"A-alright," I say to her before jumping first this time.

That was embarrassing but... I didn't mean to check her out!

"Huh? Hey, do you see that?" Delia says behind me.

"What?"

"That. Over there on the right."

Looking over to where she keeps pointing at, I see a long stretch of land. Vegetation pokes through the mist as we get closer to it. After making our way onto it, we continue to work our way downstream. Delia, though, doesn't seem to benefit from this too much. Aside from the relief of not having to strain herself from jumping from the rocks, she now has to legitimately hide how desperate she is walking right beside me. Trying to keep y eyes forward, I could still feel her presence completely (and from the corners of my eyes). Her chest heaves rapidly but silently as she pretends to examine the magical bag that she has pressed on her crotch as if she's trying to get a good angle to look at it. Her feet walk closely together, keeping her thighs in constant touch. She'd try to look my way every once in a while as if to check out the trees by my right side, forcing me to always have my gaze on in the forward direction.

Finally, we reach the end of the river.

It's.. a waterfall. I feel kind of bad for Delia, having to listen to all this rushing water and all...

"A-alright, let's find a way down!" She says, trying to sound optimistic.

Below the waterfall is a medium-sized lake. I start to look for a way down when...

"A-actually. I mean, Whitney. Can you wait up here for a second? I'll go down f-first to make sure there are enough good footings for you too," she says, standing off to the side of the waterfall where the water doesn't, well, fall.

... O-oh, I get it.....

"Y-yeah, sure."

"Okay, here I g-go."

With that, she makes her way down, ledge by ledge. Curious about her well-being, I watch her. She struggles at first with her footing, trying to close her legs too often by her desperate need to pee. Whenever she could, she'd press herself against a rock jutting out of the rock wall in her, once again, culturally sensitive area. About two-thirds of the way down, she suddenly stops. Her eyes seem to be fixed on the water below and I could swear I see her feet spreading out ever so slightly from under her before they clamp up and she throw her face against the wall. Within about fifteen meters from the lake, I suddenly spot something coming up from under the water.

"Delia, watch out!"

"H-huh?!"

She turns around and could only watch on like me at the surfacing creature with a massive black head and beak-like mouth.

"WWWAAAAAAAHHHHHHH IS THIS THIIINNNGGG???!!!" She screams.

"I-it looks like a giant snapping turtle!" I yell to her.

"A WHAT?!"

"A snapping tur-"

Its head suddenly lunges at her.

"DELIA!"

It was too late. But, as it retracts its neck, I can see a tattered entity on the tip of its mouth.

Oh wait, that looks like...

I look down at Delia.

Yup, I was right.

Naked from the waist down to her gladiatorial sandals, she had drawn her weapon out just in time. Facing the monster with her scimitar in hand and a flushed face so red I can see it from up here, she... pees herself? Looking extremely carefully, I notice the lake under her making tiny waves as she pee herself on the ledge. Suddenly, she closes her legs together, making it impossible for me to not think about how the urine now travels on her bare skin before trickling down off the rock into the water below, how it runs down her thighs in small yellow or colorless rivers of its own before splashing at her feet and into the lake.

"HAAAHH!" Delia yells before lunging at the turtle.

As quickly as she did it, I could see perhaps a stream from under her bare bottom. My confirmation comes in the tiny disturbances in the lake below.

W-wait, what am I doing? I should be helping her!

But there's nothing I can do. Jumping from here, it would be stupid. But as I'm thinking, Delia manages to bounce off it mouth with a slash of her blade, landing on top of its head before thrust the blade down on its neck, impaling its throat. As quickly as it started, the confrontation ends with the giant turtle finally dropping to the depths of the lake. I hurry up and start to make my way down to Delia who's now sitting in the fairly clear water that's tainted with her shame like her reddened face. Finally dropping down, I run over to where she is. Before I could say anything, she talks to me.

"So, uh... c-can I ask you for a favor?"

*010*2017-12-29 15:01

I apologize for the one Kurdish line I may have butchered, I'm just a cat trying to be fancy. Also, the pee stuff in this one's a ways down at the end. I swear on my tail I'll make it up in the next entry. Lastly, what makes an interesting, inner pervert?

The Wet Adventures of Whitney: Into the Dirty Dungeon

"Are you sure you're okay?" I ask.

"Yeah... thank you," she replies, still blushing.

After facing the giant snapping turtle (and losing her skirt in the process), Delia asked me to let her borrow my jacket for her to wear it around her waist. Well, she asked for my pants but I said no. It was clearly insufficient when she put it on though so I decided to give her my lower piece of the bikini armor since I really couldn't help her at all with the battle. Guilt is a bitch. We've started walking around the lake to look for clues on how to get out of here. Looking around, a thick fog seems to move around the region further out into the forest that surrounds the lake. There doesn't seem to be any sign of sentient life here.

"We should-"

"Hey, I see a cabin over there," she says, interrupting me.

I look over to where she's pointing and, indeed, see a cabin by the lake.

Well, what do you know?

We walk over to check it out. It looks like a modest regular log cabin on the outside, nothing special. Delia goes over to knock on the door so suddenly that I want to punch her in the side but, then again, I'm the weaker one and who probably has less experience dealing with strangers and these types of situation in general. After a wait with nobody answering, we head inside.

Weird, the door isn't locked... Something's not right.....

Eerily, the inside of the cabin is... clean, not deserted and not even as cold as outside.

Yet I can't smell or hear a fire...

"Hey, there's a fire over here," Delia says.

... Oh.....

I walk through the dining area that shouldn't be the kitchen and make my way over to her voice on the left into a small living room with a warm, pulsing glow of firelight. In front of it is a small couch and a smaller coffee table. A fireplace is nurturing a quiet and peaceful flame.

"Hey, is anyone here?" She says out loud. "Anyone?"

Huh, looks like the owner just left. If that's true then we really should wait outside. Even as a scavenger, I won't steal. Maybe whoever lives here will be more willing to help if we don't look like we broke into their home when they get back and HOLTY FUCVKIN SHYIVTT!!!

"WHOA!" Delia exclaims.

We were caught surprised at the sight of a translucent young woman in knight armor standing right in front of the fireplace when we both turned around after calling out to the homeowner of the place. She's a fair-skinned ghost with red eyes and long jet black hair, standing at 5 feet 9 inches. Her ghostly visage seems to be solidifying as time goes on.

Hello, I'm sorry for scaring you.

... Huh? She doesn't seem to be talking or moving her mouth.. but I can hear her voice.

Please, keep calm. I'll explain everything. I am a knight who has been trapped here for a very long time. I have been cursed. I know what you two seeks here and I'll gladly help you out as much as I can but I'll need your help to do that.

"Wait, can your hear my thoughts, Whitney?" Delia asks.

"Huh? No, I can't," I reply.

"Ah, okay. Let me see if I can explain this," she says, leaving a confused look of both the ghost lady's face and mine. "You're a Knight of the, umm.. Ezmanan li Jor?"

The woman's eyes lock onto Delia's excitedly.

Yes! H-how do you know?

"I read about the Knights when I was in Nawthor. You're a legend. There are many books about what you've done for the people of the old kingdom there."

Old... kingdom?

"I... yeah. It fell after the Knights disbanded. But you weren't there...?"

N.. no, I wasn't. I've been stuck here because the Knights wanted to send someone to clear what was believed to be a small to medium-sized dungeon at most. I came here with.. a friend of mine and we were split up by a horde of demonic creatures. How... how long has it been?

"Ummm."

The ghost lady looks really excited now.

Because if the kingdom just fell after the state that we left it in, we may still have a chance about bringing it back! WHO is the enemy? I may be a few months rusty because of my ghostly state but once you've helped me get back to normal and find my friend or, actually, have him wait because the kingdom comes first. I will sweep the continent clean of our oppressors! They think they've tasted blood and known victories? Hah! Only because the Knights were gone for a little bit. They will taste the suffering of all who has suffered at their hands. They will know true humiliation and pain! They will taste my bl-

"Two hundred years," Delia says.

A-..... T-t-two, HUNDRED YEARS?!!

She nods.

"It's true."

D-d-don't play with me, harlot! This is not funny!

"W-who are you calling a harlot?!" She says, blushing greatly as the ghost lady's comment reminds her of how she looks right now.

Grr, obviously, the ghost lady says, staring a little bit too boldly at Delia's... groinal region.

"L-look, if you want a fight, I'll take you on right now," Delia says. "Little girl."

Well, she is taller than her. And they're about the same facial feature-wise as long as age is in the question.

'Little girl'? No, apparently, I'm over TWO FUCKING HUNDRED YEARS OLD!!

"Alright!" I finally step in. "That's enough, you two. Yes, you have been trapped here for over two hundred years. I'm sorry but it's the truth. Deal with it."

Wah-

"And you need to grow up." I turn to Delia now. "Not being able to pee outside in front of others and wetting yourself is exactly why you're not a harlot but, instead, childish."

"H-hey!"

"Being called one and getting mad over it is childish as well."

They both hang their heads lower now as they try (not really) to look at me in the eyes.

"We need to help each other out. Tell us how to lift your curse," I say to the ghost lady.

Alright, you're right. I believe you two have killed the monster of the lake? I was cursed and bounded here by it.

"Lame," Delia says cheekily.

**Sign, it caught me by surprised while I was... busy. A-anyway, I'm halfway dead but you can fully revive me by retrieving me its blood. I just need it to brew a potion.

"Umm, I really don't think you should drink it," I say to her.

Of course I'm not going to drink it, blood tastes disgusting. I'll turn it into a spray to reverse the curse. It's basic blood magic 101. All I need is an uncontaminated sample but water contamination is fine. The lake water is extremely pure.

Delia and I look at each other for a second, like trained code or telepathic masters, before an undisputed decision comes to pass. We shall not tell.

Don't think.

Hey, are you two listening to me?

"Yeah, the thing is in the water. We'll go and get it," Delia says.

"Do you have anything to reach out into the lake with? I'd rather not go for a swim in there right now," I say to her.

...

After about half an hour, we return with a full bucket. Calanthia (we found out after asking for her name) wastes no time and begins to work. In mere minutes, the potion was done and made into a spray. We move to the dining area of the cabin and waits as Calanthia sprays herself down.

"So how does a potion like this work?" I ask.

Knowing a little bit more about magical stuff might prove to be useful later on if we're to go through the dungeon, especially for me.

That is very true.

Hey, get out of my head!

I can't, it's part of the curse... But I really need to thank you, don't I? Thanks, Whitney. I'll say thanks to Delia also. Alright, onto the magic lesson. About blood magic: blood can be used to create or destroy curses, it is a limited and powerful tool. But when you're brewing anything, this rule goes out the window, put into a book of every single rule there is, and thrown back in. It's complicated at first but you basically can do a lot more things with blood in brewing than with only blood magic: signs, spells, and the like. Anything, I cou-

"-ld go on and on but... Ah, there we go. It seems to have worked perfectly," Calanthia says, now with a normal voice. "I'll miss mind-reading but I think I will manage with this just fine."

"Well, we're glad to have you with us now," Delia says.

"Of course, as the most powerful and knowledgeable of the group, I shall lead," Calanthia replies. "Now, follow m-"

*Pssst.

Liquid suddenly splatter against what must be the interior of her armor's crotch hard enough to make it audible to all our ears as our eyes prey in the odd development of a puddle under Calanthia.

"H-huh? H-hahh, ahhh."

She tries to grab herself but her armor is preventing her from doing so. Figuring it out, she presses her legs together.. but only to collect more urine as it gushes down her thighs and into her greaves. She kneels on both knees and tries desperately to grab herself once again. Not knowing what to do, Delia averts her gaze and stammers while I could feel my cheeks starting to flush from staring.

"U-uh, umm, go outside!" I say to Calanthia as the impressive accident can't seem to stop.

Calanthia rushes outside behind the cabin with visible streams an inappropriately good job of marking the path behind her. She stops behind a thick bush and begins to strip out of her lower-

"H-hey! Stop looking!! Go away!" She exclaims.

"S-sorry, I didn't mean to!" I reply after turning around.

I can still hear the heavy sound of liquid hitting the earth on the ground. In fact, it's deafening. It doesn't seem to be stopping either.

I-I didn't mean to follow her out here! I'm just worried!

"W-w-why isn't it STOPPING?!!" Calanthia says, using her outside voice. "Why, why, why, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop it, stop!!"

"M-maybe there was something wrong with the potion-"

Oh, wait. That must be it. Oh, crap. How am I going to tell her? Is she's going to figure it out? Shit, what should I do?!

"There couldn't have been.. there shouldn't be any problems so why is it..."

Calanthia goes quiet and I could almost feel her blushing like the sun to my back. The smell of pee now reaches my nose with the faintest scent amidst nature's: nature's call's versus nature's.

"AHH! Damn it!... Hahh."

Did she accidentally peed on herself because of the force? She sounded relieved for a second. What's her urethra feeling right now after having peed for so long? Wouldn't that smell cling to her after all this? How will she get cleaned up?....... And WHY am I thinking about THIS again?!

Listening attentively for some reason, I could hear her moving to a different location as the sound of her wee splatters now on a different ground. The sound is almost mesmerizing in the silence of everything else.

Did the puddle under her grew too large and deep so she had to move? In this could air, wouldn't there be steam too? Rising back up into her and... and the pee would be touching her skin like how she was wetting herself before so suddenly. And pressing the plate against herself like that...

Nearly subconsciously, I stare at the wet streaks of earth on the ground that lead from the cabin and remember the vivid streams that came before them.

"Haahhh, haahhh."

Well, at l-least she's finding comfort now. A-and doesn't know what happen-

"One of you... peed in the lake..... didn't you?" Calanthia says to my concern.

S-shit! But it's not my fault! Well, I should've told her but..

"I-it wasn't me! It was Delia, I swear!" I say to her.

"Haah... hah..... fucking harlots."
