A Desperate Girl in Urinal Land

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2020-06-22 15:32

This is a story I am posting in regards to the topic I started in the general section about women's attitude toward street urinals and what not. I originally wrote this in January 2018 and posted it in my DesperateJill blog https://desperatejill.livejournal.com/

The following story was inspired by conversations I have had with people online. I had read online about how they have Street urinals in much of Europe because the men were peeing everywhere but they didn't really provide anything for the women because the women weren't peeing everywhere so I guess they didn't consider the fact that women's bladders were exploding to be a major problem where the of public attention. Figures! Talking to people who lived in places where they had the system they say it's pretty accurate to reality. 

The following story is completely fictional even though the character is named after me. I have to admit that it's kind of weird writing a story with a character named after me because I feel like I am talking in the third person, so maybe in future stories I will talk in the first person if the character is basically based off of me.

I can honestly say that in that situation I probably would have continued holding it and I don't know if I would have actually used the urinal like that. But desperate times call for desperate measures, and I decided to give my story one of the more exciting and humorous endings, even though I don't know if that's what I would do in real life! But in fiction you can be much more entertaining because you aren't constrained by boring old reality, which is why the only nonfiction I write is this blog and my own personal journals.

So without further ado I hope you enjoy the following story. 

A Desperate Girl in Urinal Land

As Jill sat on the bus her bladder was ready to explode. She really wished that the tour buses had bathrooms like advertised, but unfortunately it was false advertising, as that was only the premium trip package and they had gotten the basic one.

"Oh my God I have to pee so bad," Jill said as she crossed her legs tightly.

"Cool," said Mike and Jim simultaneously as they could see Jill grabbing herself and tapping her feet in agitation.

"Are we going to get to a bathroom anytime soon?" Jill asked, having not peed in nearly 3 or four hours.

"We are almost at our stop and then we will be free to tour the city at our leisure," Mike said. "I could sure go for a pee myself."

"If I don't get to a bathroom soon I'm going to pee myself!" Jill said.

"Hold your horses," Jim said.

"I'm holding more than that!" Jill said as the bus hit a bump in the road causing extreme bladder pain to everyone on board.

"Okay everybody off!" the bus driver said.

"Finally!" Jill shouted, pretty much jumping out of her seat and still bobbing up and down as she stood there waiting. "Come on everyone, get off the bus already!"

"Calm down Jill," Mike said.

"I can't calm down I have to pee!" Jill said as she crossed her legs and looked impatiently at the people in the bus getting off ahead of her.

Finally everyone piled out of the bus to find that they were in a really nice-looking town.

"Where are the freaking bathrooms?!" Jill screamed as she started looking around.

"Don't worry there are plenty of urinals everywhere all around town," someone said as they pointed over to a bunch of urinals on the side of the road.

"But what am I supposed to use?!" Jill shouted as she danced in place.

The man shrugged his shoulders. "You know I hadn't considered that, I guess they really don't have any facilities for women around here. I mean I suppose you can use the urinal yourself, I don't know how you would do that, but I guess it's not impossible."

"How could they have urinals but nothing for the women to pee in?!" Jill said as she paced back and forth. "That's totally not fair!"

"I actually heard something about this online," Mike said. "Apparently they had a big problem with public urination because the men were just peeing all over the place, so they installed outdoor urinals all throughout the city to control the problem."

"But what about the women having to pee?!" Jill shouted as she tugged on her hair.

"I guess they didn't consider that to be a problem," Jim said.

"Well it's a problem for me!" Jill said as she was becoming increasingly frantic.

"Well we will worry about that in a minute, but right now I think that we both need to use the bathroom," Mike said as he motioned for Jim as they walked over towards the urinals.

Jill stood there pacing back and forth as Mike and Jim went to use the urinals. Although there was a big line up the line moved relatively quickly and within a few minutes Jim and Mike were completely done.

"Wow did I ever piss a lot!" Jim shouted. "That really felt so much better."

"You're telling me!" Mike said.

"Guys I still have to pee!" Jill shouted. "I've been holding it all freaking day."

"You shouldn't have drank so much," Mike said.

"Well I was under the impression that there were going to be bathrooms on the bus and that there would be something other than outdoor urinals when we got here." Jill knocked her knees together and started bobbing up and down again.

"I guess that that was a wrong assumption," Jim said with a laugh.

"It's not funny I really have to go!" Jill shouted.

"Well let's walk around, I am sure that we will find some type of bathroom nearby," Mike said.

"We'd better, I'm absolutely dying here!" Jill said. She couldn't remember the last time she so desperately needed a bathroom.

The three of them began walking across a couple of blocks but nothing seemed to be open at this time of day. Every couple of blocks they passed a bunch of street urinals but that was about it.

"Guys we really have to find a bathroom," Jill said. "I really thought we would have found one by now."

"I guess we'll just have to keep looking," Mike said.

"Well look faster!" Jill shouted.

"Hey look there is a kiosk selling drinks over there," Jim said as the three of them started going over there.

"I'll have two beers," Mike said.

"You have any Diet Coke?" Jim asked.

"Nothing for me thanks," Jill said. "But do you happen to know where there is a bathroom around here?"

"No bathroom, just some urinals over there," the kiosk guy said pointing to the urinals.

"But is there any place that women could go to the bathroom?" Jill said as she stood there dancing in place.

The kiosk guy shrugged his shoulders. "You know it's never been an issue for me."

"Of course not!" Jill shouted. "Doesn't anyone else in this whole world acknowledge the fact that women have to go to the bathroom as well?"

"I guess not," said Mike as he began guzzling his beer.

"Maybe we should go sit down," Jim said as he motioned to a bunch of tables outside of a café that was not yet open.

Jill sat down very slowly so as not to put too much pressure on her bladder, but just the act of sitting down made her really uncomfortable. Fortunately when she was sitting down it helped to take some pressure off of her bladder but she still had her legs crossed tightly under the table, and when she noticed that nobody was looking she put her hands between her legs.

After about 15 or 20 minutes of resting Jill was getting increasingly antsy and they could actually feel that the table was shaking.

"What's causing the table to shake so much?" Jim asked.

"Jill can't stop shaking her legs," Mike said causing Jill to blush.

"I still have to pee!" Jill said with her legs still crossed tight. "We can't sit around dillydallying, I need to find a bathroom, seriously."

"Speaking of the bathroom I think that that beer went right through me," Mike said. "I'm going to go over to the urinals."

"Me too," Jim said as the two of them walked towards the urinal.

"Well hurry up!" Jill shouted as she sat there at the table tapping her fingers anxiously.

"Excuse me but do you know where there is a ladies room around here?" a woman said as she tapped Jill on the shoulder.

"I was really hoping that you would know!" Jill said with a laugh as the two of them laughed awkwardly. "I'm not joking though, I seriously need to pee like you can't imagine."

"Me too," the woman said. "But it seems like all they have around here is urinals."

"I know, what's the deal with that?!"

"I guess they just expect us to hold it."

"I don't think I can hold it much longer, I feel like I'm going to explode!"

That was when Mike and Jim came back from using the urinal.

"Hi Jill, who is this?" Jim asked.

"I'm sorry I didn't catch your name," Jill said.

"Katie," the woman said as she shook Jill's hand. "I was hoping someone around here would know where there was some type of bathroom available."

"Damn it seems like all the women always have to pee all the time," Mike said as he gave Jim an elbow to the side.

"That's because they never give us God damned bathrooms!" Jill shouted. "You guys have already peed twice I should point out."

Katie was clearly doing a pee dance which only made Jill more frantic. "Well forget this," Katie said.

"Forget what, that we have to pee?" Jill asked. "I don't think I can do that!"

"I think I know a place where we can pee," Katie said as she waved the others forward.

"I sure hope so!" Jill said as she very slowly and carefully got up and felt all the pressure flowing down to her bladder.

Katie led them to an alleyway. "Is the coast clear?"

"Yeah I think so," Mike said.

Katie looked both ways, pulled up her skirt, squatted and began peeing a large stream of urine down the alleyway as she moaned and sighed with relief. It was a very thick and powerful stream and seeing that made Jill practically want to cry.

"That's much better," Katie said as she pulled up her skirt.

"I can't take it anymore!" Jill shouted. "I have to go to the bathroom and I have to go right now!"

"But there are no bathrooms, unless you want to pop a squat as well," Mike said.

"I don't have the balance for it, I'd pee all over myself," Jill said as she continued dancing in place.

"Then what are you going to do?" Jim asked.

"Screw it I'm going to use the urinal!" Jill said as she walked a few blocks to the nearest urinal. "It looks like the coast is clear."

Jill ran over to the urinal, closed the privacy screen, turned to face backwards, moved her skirt out of the way and squatted and peed in the urinal for what seemed like a minute or more.

As Jill emerged from the urinal there was a small audience waiting outside clapping as she turned red with embarrassment. "Take a picture!" Jill shouted. "It will last longer."

And much to Jill's dismay, they did exactly that!

"Next time we are getting a bus with bathrooms," Jill said as they got back on the bus. 

*003*2020-06-24 12:18

"I hate to ruin it for you, but there are public toilets in Europe." 

I never said that there weren't public toilets anywhere in Europe, I have just read numerous articles about how in a lot of places like France and the Netherlands as they have put a lot of street urinals around while providing nothing for the women, and that in a lot of places they are closing a lot of the public bathrooms are making them pay bathrooms. Again Europe is a huge continent so it varies a lot from place to place, but I have heard from some people that this is the case in some places. 

I could imagine something like that happening in America especially after this virus and pandemic. Now you have lots of places closing their bathrooms to the public I could see them going around providing urinals on the street as a solution while not considering the fact that women would not be able to use them. 

"I know that is bad, but I really like it if boys can piss, but girls have to hold it!" 

I admire people who are honest about their desires even though it might not seem like the right thing to admit, so I don't begrudge you that. It can be a very exciting situation but think of how frustrating it is for the girls who don't get to pee! I have to admit I am of two minds about reading comments like this such as the ones you post. On the one hand I admire your honesty and fully share your interest in seeing women desperate to pee, but on the other hand knowing that as a woman I will frequently be in the position of having to pee when someone like you probably gets to go to the bathroom can be rather frustrating! 

Then as I share the interesting can see it from your point of view I can't begrudge you your interest at all and admire your honesty and admitting it, but at the same time if we regularly travel together I think that you would probably drive me up the wall LOL. 

So to share what a good sport I have about this whole situation here is a happy thought to leave you with, while you are making all of these comments somewhere someone like me is probably in a situation where she would love to have a toilet but does not while you are peeing away. Think of that the next time you go to the bathroom without a wait! 

*006*2020-06-27 14:53

"Good story. But would have been much better if Jill held for some more hours, especially being a fiction story. In real life, I have held pee upto 18 hours. Yet a good concept which you can develop into a series of wonderful stories " 

I'm glad you enjoyed it. The reason why my character can hold longer is because she was based off me, as are most of the characters in my stories, and I basically have the character do what I do in most instances. 

I actually am hoping to write an entire novella or possibly even novel about that in a world where they started eliminating ladies rooms in a global conspiracy to replace them with urinals, causing a girl extraordinary desperation and frustration! 

*013*2023-04-01 16:27

@huberp76

"I agree absolutely with you, it is not fair but it is arousing."

That is one of the conflicts of the fetish in that unfairness is sort of at the root of desperation, and it sometimes a conflict to know that other people are aroused by your unfair situation especially when you are almost entirely on the receiving end as I recall numerous times when I was in unfair situations but have seen relatively few other people in situations like that.

"I had some experiences where the boys peed twice or three times and the girls had no chance for a single wee."

I think most guys take it for granted that they will almost always be able to pee as soon as they need to or within a short time afterwards, that's why I call it male urinary privilege, it's something that you are so used to you don't even notice it exists.

It also reminds me of stuff I brought up in my other threads about how it's very common for men to be able to pee multiple times before a woman gets to go even once, such as in situations where there's only a limited amount of time to use the restroom, which means that not all of the women get to go. I brought up numerous times how I once chatting with somebody about how they were on a long bus trip and then thought that the women were basically going crazy stampeding like animals the moment they finally got to their destination, and it was only then that he realized that they hadn't gotten to go at numerous rest stops at which he had, so by the time they were finally at the destination they were practically ready to explode!

Once again I think most guys don't realize that that while they are peeing here and there and all over the place that often times women are not doing likewise and are often holding it a very long time.

*016*2023-04-08 17:01

@UrineLover1

"As I have mentioned before on this site, I am very upset with myself and feel guilty for having such an awful fetish. Especially because women often can't pee. I would probably feel a bit better if women could pee anywhere they want, just like guys. I especially love desperation when it is in a controlled environment. Meaning the woman holds her pee because she can, not because she has to. I love when the toilet is two feet away, but the woman makes the conscious choice to hold. That is the difference for me."

Again it's a conflict with the fetish where you are basically taking delight in somebody else suffering discomfort and it's kind of hard to escape from that fact. But from the perspective of a story, whether a real-life story or a fictional one, consciously holding it isn't exactly the same because there isn't that same conflict. If you could always go at the last moment at any time there is nothing at stake and it loses the dramatic impulse for the story. When a person is forced to hold out of circumstance then they have to get creative as a way of dealing with it, and for the person writing the story that is where their own creativity comes in, as it's interesting to find out how she is going to get herself out of the situation.

"Truth be told, I feel guilty just because I have a penis. Obviously, I didn't choose to be born with one, but it is unfair and makes me feel like a rotten person for having an unfair advantage over women. (I know it is strange, but it's how I feel. Sorry, not sorry)."

I don't think that there is any reason anyone should feel guilty for something beyond their control that they had no choice in. I am sure the majority of women if they suddenly transformed into men would probably take advantage of the fact that they could pee more easily simply because why would you make things more difficult as it's not going to help people who are having it more difficult? I mean even though I go on about women not being able to pee as easily as men I don't really blame men for that, again it's not their fault that they can go to the bathroom more easily in the vast majority of situations, and making things more difficult for somebody because they have an advantage when it's not going to help the person with a disadvantage doesn't really help anything really.

"Have you ever tried a female urination device? I wish more women used them. Because A) I am weird, I know, but I am highly aroused by women peeing standing up like men. But B) and more importantly, with these funnels, women can pee on the side of the road, in a bottle, the pee's the limit! Lol But all joking aside, have you ever tried using one, Jill? They might make your life easier."

I have never seen them for sale anywhere except on the Internet and I would feel weird about buying one. Plus now that my job outdoors is over I'm pretty much always at home and really wouldn't have any need for one as I'm pretty much always indoors near a toilet now. And I have heard that even using a device like that you still tend to get pee on yourself.

"Only if you want to, I have a story idea for you. There are a group of two women and two men, just like in your story above. The two guys can pee anywhere and it turns out, one of the women can as well. One of the women has a female urination device like a go girl, she wee, Miss. Piss, etc, etc. She can pee standing up and she is so skillful at it that she can go through her jeans. The second girl (possibly Jill) is envious of her female friend and wishes she could pee standing up as a woman with such an impressive tool."

From a story perspective however the problem is that that gives the women a potential easy out of the situation. I mean I suppose it could be possible that one woman has just one urinary device that she can use on the other woman can't, but from a story perspective it's more interesting when there is no option out of the situation other than to continue holding it. It's the same with diapers, that's not particular my fetish because I'm not into that, but partially the reason is if a person is wearing a diaper then there's no incentive for them to continue holding it, and that basically kills the story since the story is based on the conflict that there is no way to relieve yourself.

