Tremethyk

Author: desertfc

*000*2018-02-24 18:30

Hi guys, long time no post.

Some of you may remember a story I started working on a few years ago that got quickly shelved. It was named 'Where is Alec Tremethick?', you can still find it here if you look back far enough.

The challenge that I took on with that project lay in trying to create a narrative that was compelling in and of itself while still being essentially an omo story.

The reason I stopped adding to it wasn't that I lost interest in it, more that the narrative had not yet fully developed in my mind. As it started to become a more complete picture in my head I realised how utterly inadequate the first few entries were - entertaining though they had been to write.

There were a number of things I wasn't happy with, but three things stood out in particular: firstly, the egregious dip in writing standards at the end of Chapter 2; secondly, the appalling character assassination that concluded Chapter 3; and thirdly, I did not feel that the characters were being rendered quite as I saw them in my head - save maybe Martin.

I've gone back and rewritten a lot. Chapter 1 is much the same as it was with just a few minor tweaks. Chapter 2 has been significantly rewritten, especially the end with which I was previously deeply dissatisfied.

Chapter 3 has gotten the chop. Though Kate is an integral character to the story, I've decided to introduce her much later in the story and in such a way that does not shred her integrity just for the sake of showing that she's a badass. She is a badass. But outright murdering people she could arrest is not something she would ever do, and her integrity as a cop is one of the key conflicts of the storyline. So Chapter 3 doesn't work.

Meanwhile I prefer to keep the focus on who the real protagonist of the story is: Elise. The first half of the story focuses significantly more on her character development. As such, I have an entirely new Chapter 3 to replace the old one. There's also a brand new Chapter 4, and a prologue that I think adds a bit extra to the story.

The good news or bad news depending upon how you look at it is that the story now runs to just shy of 13,000 words and we're not quite halfway.

In any case, I've decided to lay down here what I've gotten to so far, although I now know better than to make promises for when the next chapters are going to appear.

Anyway, hope you're all doing well.

Enjoy,

Des

Tremethyk

Prologue

At the carefully selected location high above the dockyard a man cupped his hands against the cool early Sunday morning breeze as he lit his last cigarette.

He'd had a commanding view of the forest of dockworkers and paraphernalia when he'd been standing on this exact spot just hours before. But now a thick cloud of fog obscured the waterfront and the piers below.

It made no real difference to him. He had people where he needed them to be. For now he had only to wait.

He did not move as footsteps approached his position from somewhere in the distance behind him. He stood there savouring his vice as the rhythmic thuds grew louder before turning metallic as another man came up the gangway behind him.

'Nothing yet, Aiden?' the smoker asked his visitor casually, as the man in the greatcoat and trilby stepped up alongside him and leaned over the side gripping the railing.

Aiden pushed himself back and brushed off the front of his coat.

'Not a peep, sir,' Aiden replied softly, not looking his boss in the eye.

'I'm not "sir"', the man reminded him, waving his cigarette irritably, 'Not out here. You know better than that.'

Aiden smiled to himself weakly.

'Sorry, Arthur,' Aiden pled meekly, 'But my answer remains the same.'

Arthur snorted and stomped his feet on the steel platform impatiently.

'What are we doing out here?' Arthur complained petulantly, 'Bloody middle of the night dockyard liaisons? Seriously, who does that?'

'It's happening here, Arthur,' Aiden insisted, 'we've been over this a hundred times.'

'I'm not saying you're wrong,' Arthur responded, 'I'm saying anybody with half a brain would know it was a terrible idea. I find it hard to believe that his contacts agreed to it.'

'Very hard to believe, Arthur.'

Arthur shot Aiden an inquisitive glance, but said nothing. The pressure must be getting to him, Arthur thought to himself.

Arthur clapped his friend on the back.

'Don't fret, lad,' Arthur assured him, 'You're right. We've thought of everything. Can't go wrong.'

Aiden sighed and closed his eyes. Preparation was the key and he'd gone over every detail until his eyes had bled. He knew he'd never get this kind of opportunity again and he was determined to make the most of it. Even Arthur had shown some admiration for the thoroughness of the planning that Aiden had allowed him to see. Still…

'Tremethyk didn't seem all that keen on it yesterday afternoon…?' Aiden ventured, watching his boss closely.

Arthur frowned.

'That daft playboy's losing his marbles,' Arthur declared gruffly, 'Who cares what he thinks?'

'He thinks this is a bad idea, then?'

'Who cares what he thinks?' Arthur repeated obdurately.

'Well, maybe we could-'

'It's gonna work, goddammnit,' Arthur insisted, 'I know these types. Get so caught up in their persona of bullshit that they lose touch with reality. They'd be the devil to catch if they weren't totally up their own arses. But our fellows are better trained,' he added proudly.

'Yeah…' Aiden trailed off.

'Anyway - get your head in the game, son,' Arthur chided his subordinate, 'it won't be long now.'

The two men continued to stand vigil up above. Arthur was almost right. It had already begun.

Chapter One: Dust

Dark. Cool. Dry.

A gloomy cellar.

The room was nearly silent. The only sounds came from the wind and the twigs of the ash tree outside as they skittered across the narrow, grimey slat glass window near the ceiling.

Every so often sunlight would flash through the waving boughs and then through the window to illuminate fractions of the room. Save for the afternoon's rays the room would be completely dark.

In the corner a steep spiral staircase rose out of sight, the stone steps worn by ages of use. Leaning on the opposite wall was a very tall and wide semicircular cedar table some four metres in diameter. Scattered around the rest of the room were three dilapidated wooden chairs, an easel, a vice, a bucket, and a work bench covered in tools and dust.

Somewhat unusually, the room was occupied. A young auburn-haired lady of no more than twenty five years lay bound and gagged and motionless underneath the cedar table.

It would not be immediately clear to a hypothetical rescuer whether the woman lay alive or dead. Her torso and her legs right down to her tightly bound ankles were blanketed by a very wide gentleman's coat.

She appeared petite for a woman of her age and the coat seemed to have been designed in mind of a man more than twice her size. Had she two bound companions of similar size on either side of her they would all three have comfortably fit under the extraordinarily large garment.

But she lay alone - and alive for the time being.

The wind picked up outside and the small branches started to rap on the window with more urgency as if they understood the woman's predicament. The noise finally seemed to elicit a response and a small moan escaped the woman's taped over lips as she awoke.

Elise opened her eyes blearily. She tried to stretch before remembering her bonds and how she had come to be here.

Still in this room, then... and still alone. Damn.

Elise was surprised by how calm she felt upon waking this time. This was her second day of captivity and still she had not seen a living soul since she had been chloroformed and plucked off a quiet street the previous day in broad daylight.

It was tricky to move with her hands, thighs and ankles bound together, but her unknown kidnapper had mercifully bound her wrists in front of her. She found that the limited freedom this gave her made squirming across the floor possible and she chose this moment to wiggle out from the coat and lean her back against the wall underneath the table.

Elise shifted a little uneasily on the hard stone and her loose business skirt clung damply to her bottom. She had wet herself twice since being captured; when she had woken up on the cellar floor for the first time the day before in a panic, and the following morning when her bladder reached its capacity and she tearfully realised that she could hold it no longer.

She had felt humiliated upon realising both accidents, particularly the second which had soaked her skirt and tights leaving a massive puddle at the base of the stairs. Though nobody had seen her disgrace herself she still could not help but feel impotent outrage at the people who had dumped her there like a chained animal.

She was hungry, dehydrated, cramping, and in her forty hours in the room nobody had come to show any interest as to whether she was alive or dead. She grimly thought to herself that it seemed likely that they didn't care.

The bound girl sat there for a few minutes listening to the twigs that had awoken her, straining her hearing and willing herself to hear from outside any other sound that might indicate the presence of another person nearby. She could hear nothing of the kind.

Looking around the room, Elise got an uneasy sense that something had changed. The light was starting to fade as the sun went down outside and she realised that she would only have a handful more precious minutes to move about the room before it would get pitch black and she would have to bed down for the night.

Deciding that she would try to see if she could hear anything from inside the house, she wiggled across the room to the base of the stairs. She skirted the far wall, flushing as she remembered to avoid the puddle of her urine that she had left near the stairs earlier in the day.

Having reached the base of the stairs, she leaned against the wall and tried to determine whether any sound came from within the house. She could only hear the whirr of an air-conditioner, and before long she realised that something else was out of place.

She looked to where she had accidented earlier that day and she noticed the puddle was completely gone! Bewildered, she leaned down and gingerly put her face to the floor to confirm her suspicion.

She sniffed. Pine detergent?! Somebody had been inside while she had slept! She looked over to the corner where she had first awoke the day before and noticed with a shock that the drying remains of the first puddle had been mopped away as well.

Somebody's been inside and they cared more about their stupid floor than me!, Elise realised with indignation.

Trying to shout through her gag, Elise attempted to climb the steps to bang on the door with her wrists, but found climbing the steep steps in her condition to be quite impossible.

Her elbows slipped and banged painfully into the bottom steps. Tears sprang to her eyes as she collapsed exasperated and upset back onto the floor. She sobbed bitterly.

Elise wouldn't treat her worst enemy with such contempt, and she couldn't imagine what it was that she could have done to have been singled out for this treatment.

After some minutes spent sprawled on the floor, she miserably slid back under the table using her bound wrists to lever the coat over her body again.

But no sooner had she settled down before she heard a door open somewhere above and behind her and footsteps crossing the ceiling.

Heart suddenly racing and with a dry mouth and an unsettling feeling in the pit of her stomach the girl watched fearfully as she heard the cellar door get wrenched open and footsteps begin to descend the stairs.

Chapter 2: Die Vorschlaghammer

In a quiet area on the outskirts of the city, a single car sped down a lonely road lined with unfinished housing blocks. Even as dusk fell, the streets lay mostly unilluminated and the headlights of the vehicle blazed a path of white light through the dim twilight that prevailed over the avenues of ghostly concrete shells and scaffolding.

The lone occupant of the sedan gazed out the window at what was effectively his kingdom. Through a series of strategic, carefully-planned construction contracts on behalf of Syndicate-aligned firms, Alan Sanders had succeeded in clandestinely taking control of the continued development of the entire district and through the use of some industrial shenanigans had brought further development of the area to a complete standstill. For the time being, the Syndicate owned the neighbourhood and it suited them to keep it sparsely populated.

The situation could have caused a significant public scandal if certain 'independent' surveyors commissioned during the later stages of development hadn't conveniently found previously undetected chemical contaminants in the soil at multiple sites throughout the area making further suburban development totally out of the question.

Now the councils were making up excuses to the public and doing the Syndicate's covering up for them. It couldn't carry on forever, but in the eyes of Alan's few superiors it was a real stroke of genius which had propelled the young man to his lofty position in the organisation's ranks.

Unfortunately for Alan, his reputation tended to precede him throughout the organisation. It was for this very reason that his subordinates had failed to inform him of their kidnapping of Elise Wakefield until the day after the blunder was committed. As he closed in on the safe house at the end of the road in which she was being detained, he knew very well that he was in damage control.

Alan had no use for this hostage with which he had been saddled. He could have had her disappeared, but this thought struck Alan as ungentlemanly. In an odd kind of way, he was an honourable man. Certainly, an honourable crook.

It was true that few in the Syndicate were feared as much as Alan, but his reputation for ruthlessness was perhaps a little misplaced. He had certainly never let expediency trump his conscience when it came to unrelated members of the public and he deplored needless violence.

Of course, that didn't change the fact that he had to get rid of his prisoner and to do so fast. But he couldn't just push her out onto the street they'd spirited her away from like nothing had happened. First, he needed certainty.

The car pulled into the driveway and Alan retrieved a balaclava from the glovebox. For a second he eyed the material with some resentment. Alan was very much a gentleman's gentleman and he did not enjoy dressing himself up as a thug. On the other hand, he absolutely could not afford to be identifiable and he was going to have to speak to his prisoner face-to-face.

It only had to stay on until he could ensure that she was properly blindfolded, Alan reasoned. So, with a measure of reluctance he pulled the woollen material down over his face, exited the car, strode up the driveway and entered the house.

The front door admitted Alan into a kind of entrance hall. To his immediate left lay a fully furnished lounge room, while a doorway on his right would have taken him to a dining room with an attached kitchen. Stairs at the back of the hall ascended to the upper level which contained bedrooms and a bathroom.

Of interest to Alan and adjacent to the stairs was a wooden and stained-glass pane door beyond which lay the descending stone spiral staircase which led to the basement workshop in which his guest was being entertained.

As he crossed the floor to open the door he caught a glimpse of his reflection in the door's coloured-glass panels; a short, stocky man in a business suit… and balaclava. He snorted at the jarring asymmetry of it and then he was through the door and descending the stairs.

The room came into sight as Alan rounded the last few steps and he came to a halt at the base. He could see from his vantage point that the prisoner was lying on her side underneath the cedar table on the other side of the room. He couldn't see her face and she seemed to be feigning sleep. Alan wasn't buying it, however, and he decided that taking charge at this stage meant using his voice.

A suitably fake voice, of course.

'You are awake, Miss Wakefield,' Alan asserted in a more gravelly voice than normal. 'And I am not here to play games. You have some questions to answer and if your answers are truthful, I may grant you your release.'

Alan smirked to himself as Elise betrayed her sleeping act by visibly jolting into alertness. 'Before you can answer my questions, however, I will be blindfolding you,' Alan continued. 'You are to keep your eyes shut until then. You must not ever see my face.'

Hearing a timorous moan of acknowledgement, Alan managed a thin smile and tugged the balaclava off as he crossed the floor and tossed it aside. Where Elise lay underneath the table, Alan could see that she had her eyes clenched almost theatrically tight.

Good. She understands. This should be fixable.

He gently dragged the petite redhead out from under the table then rolled her onto her side to face her away from him so he could safely blindfold her without any risk of being seen.

A pretty young lady, he thought to himself. Though he supposed that it shouldn't make a difference.

Reaching into his breast pocket, Alan withdrew a large handkerchief and folded it lengthways to serve as a blindfold. He then gently lifted Elise's unresisting head off the ground to apply the blindfold, carefully manipulating the fabric around her soft tresses of chestnut-red curls. As he did so he noticed that she was shaking and he could see streaks of tears on her cheeks.

Alan felt a twinge of sympathy, but he was a professional and he had his job to do.

Blindfold successfully fitted, Alan sat down on the stone floor behind the bound girl.

'I'm sorry about all of this,' Alan said softly and with some genuine sympathy. 'I don't want to hurt you... If I can make it happen, I'd like to let you go.'

'But first, I must ask you a very important question,' Alan continued wearily. 'I have to ensure that you cannot betray me should I decide to release you. I will remove the tape over your mouth to allow you to answer.'

'But be assured that any screaming will result in a termination of this… interview, as well as of any chance you have of leaving here alive'. Alan added harshly. 'Do you understand?'

Elise made a noise somewhere between a squeak and mumble.

'Very well'. Alan reached down and removed her gag.

'Please don't kill me, please, please, I swear I won't tell anyone, I won't say anything-' Elise gabbled, her voice shaking.

'Calm yourself,' Alan soothed, taken aback by her desperation. 'Elise, isn't it? Listen to me, Elise, my name is… My name is Alan. And that's the truth.'

Harmless detail. Anybody would assume it to be a false name, anyway.

'I meant what I said,' he continued, 'I don't want to hurt you. I wish you had never been brought here and I want you to go home tonight. But it's not as simple as that... I do need to know what you know about why you're here. Do you know where you are? Do you know why you're here?' Alan enquired, his voice level, but his heart racing. This was crucial.

'I don't know! I swear!' Elise pleaded, praying that her kidnapper would hear the truth in her voice. 'I was walking to my car, you grabbed me, and I woke up here! I didn't see anything, I don't remember anything, please mister, I promise I don't know-…'

Alan gently shushed her to calm her down. Inwardly he was sighing in relief. She thought that he was her kidnapper. The morons who'd actually done it had at least managed it without compromising themselves to the victim. They had earned themselves a much less painful death.

'Hmmm. Well, Miss, I don't really see any harm in letting you go home tonight,' Alan said. 'But if that's what you want then you're going to do exactly what I say, when I say it. And that starts with you staying quiet for the time being.'

'Thank you, sir!' Elise breathed, hardly daring to believe her ears. 'I swear I won't tell a soul.'

'I would know if you did, believe me,' growled Alan, but without much menace. 'Now I hope you won't take offence if I reapply the tape.'

She started to speak again but he was already regagging her. He then bent down to pick her up. He got one hand under her right shoulder and she mewled something in protest. Getting his other hand under her thighs, he realised her skirt was damp and he jerked back his hand in surprise.

Then he saw the oval shaped dark patch on the seat of the girl's skirt.

She's pissed her pants! Christ almighty, don't tell me those cretins left her down here on her own for hours at a time.

Sitting her back upright with her back to the wall he removed her gag.

'Miss, I noticed you, er… had an… accident.'. Alan had dropped the pretence of his false voice completely. The discovery had made him angry.

'I… I couldn't hold it!' Elise blurted out in an angry sob. 'You just left me here! I couldn't do anything!'

'Just left here?!' Alan exclaimed, aghast. 'You haven't been untied at all? What about for meals?'

'N- No! I haven't even seen anyone! I haven't had anything to eat or drink since I got here! And I had to… go to the bathroom on myself,' she cried indignantly, flushing as she confessed.

Fucking hell. They just left her here? Brutes! They'll pay dearly for this.

'Jesus. I'm going to get you some water. I'll be back.'

Alan ascended the stairs in a rush leaving Elise sitting there alone. She had no idea what was going on. Was this man her kidnapper? Had this been some stupid joke that had gone wrong? Why had he only turned up after all this time? It boggled the mind.

She could hear the plumbing working upstairs, and with some unease the sound jolted a reminder to her that in spite of her earlier accidents she had still not pooped for a couple of days and she would need to go soon or risk having an even more humiliating accident.

A few minutes later, Alan came down the stairs holding a sandwich and a jug of liquid which fizzed audibly as he approached.

'Berocca,' he said by way of explanation. 'I've brought you a sandwich as well. I'll unbind your hands so you can eat and drink. After that we are leaving. Wrists.'

She presented him her wrists and started to mumble her request just as she felt her tummy cramp, causing her to jerk her hands a bit.

'What was that?' Alan asked sharply.

'I… I have to go to the bathroom again.' Elise mumbled, blushing beneath her blindfold.

'Oh! Oh, okay, well, there are facilities upstairs. But drink that first. You're dehydrated, you'll feel a lot better for it. Now… wrists, please.'

Elise bit back the impudent response that leapt to her brain and simply nodded and presented her wrists again. She would be able to hold it a while longer and the deprivation of fluids during her incarceration was indeed causing her a nasty headache to go along with all her other troubles.

'I know it can't make up for anything or even really mean much,' Alan rambled, a little defensively. 'Nevertheless, I really can't tell you how sorry I am about the way you've been treated. The people responsible for this will be held accountable, you have my word.'

Aren't you responsible? Elise thought to herself with some confusion and a little bitterness. But at the same time she felt a nervous, hopeful energy. She was going to be released.

With her hands now free she felt a glass being proffered to her. She gulped down the contents gratefully. Under other circumstances she'd have been nervous that the drink might have been tampered with. But she was completely in this man's power anyway, and it did not seem as though he wanted her harmed.

With the glass emptied she started on the sandwich which had been tossed onto her lap. She heard her captor refill the glass and take a drink from it himself.

Definitely not drugged, then.

Elise heard the glass being topped up again before Alan stood up and strode back over to the stairs. She finished the sandwich and picked up the glass again.

It did not take her long to drain the second glass, but she decided not to return for a third. The urge to relieve herself had not abated during her meal, and to her surprise she even felt some pressure growing in her bladder. She thought her body could not have had all that much liquid in it left.

Realising that her need was more pressing than she'd hoped, Elise addressed Alan again.

'Mister Alan, please. I need to go to the bathroom now.' Elise asked as politely but urgently as she could manage, sheepishly feeling like a schoolgirl asking her teacher for permission for the bathroom.

As she said it, her tummy cramped momentarily and to her embarrassment she was unable to stop a fart from escaping audibly.

Flushing pink to the roots of her hair and a little annoyed to have been ignored, she asked again.

'Please, sir,' she whimpered, 'I really need to go!'

'Be quiet!' Alan snapped suddenly from near the stairs, a razor edge in his voice taking her by surprise.

Stung by the rebuke, Elise fell silent and tried to understand what she could have done to antagonise him. The answer came to her moments later when she heard other voices coming from upstairs.

Were they police? Should she call out? Surely they'd find her anyway? A stream of thoughts rushed through her head as she tried to process the arrival of others. She was so caught up in them that she didn't hear Alan's near noiseless approach.

'The people upstairs are the ones who took you,' Alan suddenly hissed in her ear, nearly causing her to void into her underwear in fright. 'but it was a… a case of mistaken identity? You don't have what they want. Unfortunately, they're not the kind to throw back a catch and my bet is that they have come to liquidate you.'

'L-liquidate?' Elise rasped with a growing feeling of dread.

'Liquidate,' Alan repeated obliquely. 'They are stupid and cowardly and they tend to look for… short cuts…'

Elise completely tensed up. Was this a trick? It sounded absurd, the kind of surrealism that you might expect in a movie. But she couldn't - wouldn't - bet her life on it.

'W-what… What can we do?' she asked nervously.

For a moment there was silence.

'I need you to trust me.'

'What? What does that mean?' Elise asked desperately and almost too loudly, fearing what the answer might be.

'I am going to return you to the condition in which I found you and then I will head back into the house and wait for our friends to get separated. I will deal with them one at a time.'

Elise gulped. So there was going to be violence. And if he couldn't overcome the others…

'Please,' she begged, 'Please don't leave me here. Don't let them-… Don't let them….' Her voice broke as she stammered over the sentence she couldn't bring herself to say.

She felt her blindfold being pulled off and she blinked in the gloom, tears clouding her vision. She could blearily take in her captor crouching before her; a young man only a little older than she was. He had thick dark hair, grey eyes, greying stubble, and he was dressed in a neat navy suit.

'I will have to leave you here,' he said with a strange look on his face. 'But I won't let them hurt you. You have my word.'

He quickly refastened her wrist bindings and reapplied the tape. He then placed the makeshift blindfold, the jug, and the glass into a box under the workbench. He then quietly reascended the stairs, flicking the light back off as he went.

Elise was left alone in the dark and quiet room once more. She shivered, frightened of the uncertain fate that awaited her and becoming increasingly aware of the pressure building in the back and in the front.

Time passed, perhaps an hour with her huddled in the dark. She quietly farted every now and then releasing the pressure that was building up, but she knew she couldn't hold it forever.

She could hear the voices above her having an animated conversation although she couldn't make out their words. At one point it seemed to become quite heated and she was sure she heard a glass being broken.

What are they talking about? How would Alan be able to separate them? Why is it taking so long, she thought as she shifted uncomfortably.

Then she heard heavy footsteps cross the ceiling again and a door opened at the top of the stairs. The light came on.

'-… -nd get her. You call Handscombe.'

Elise was thunderstruck. That wasn't Alan's voice. What was he doing?! He'd been right there on his haunches in front of her - his grey-eyed gaze boring into her frightened viridian eyes - and he'd left her with a promise to protect her. Hadn't he?

But with a sinking feeling, Alan's first instruction came rushing back and engulfed her like a bath of ice, tensing her body and sapping the breath from her chest.

'You must not ever see my face.' he'd said. And she had, hadn't she? But he was the one who'd taken off her blindfold. She didn't ask him to do that. It wasn't fair! Why did he do that? Was he just planning to let them finish her off after all?

She heard the footsteps draw closer and closer until a giant of a man rounded the base of the stairs.

'Well, well… Princess Pissypants is awake!' he proclaimed in a rough voice to the sound of laughter upstairs.

Filled with doubts, Elise squealed and tried to wriggle backwards away from the man. He leered at her as she bumped her head into one of the table legs behind her.

'We're going on a loooonnnng drive, baby doll. If you be a good girl I might even get you a fresh diaper on the way.'

He advanced on her with a wicked smirk as she squirmed under the table to get away from him.

'Come on, now, come on out to Daddy,' the man said with glittering eyes. 'If you come out now, I promise I won't even hurt you. Maybe, anyway.'

Suddenly there were some shouts from upstairs and a loud crash. The man paused and half-turned.

'Hey, what's going on up there?' he shouted with a nervous edge in his voice.

Elise profited from the distraction by rolling herself as far under the table as she could manage. She pushed her back up against the wall and tucked up her knees to get her feet as far away from the edge of the table as possible.

She wasn't crying now, but she was shaking violently, silently pleading for the man to take the bait; to leave her alone and go back upstairs.

Having received no answer from upstairs, the man seemed to hesitate. He took a step towards the staircase, then seemed to think better of it and rounded on Elise again.

'Come out now or when I get my hands on you I will tear your throat out with my bare hands!' he roared.

Elise was paralysed with terror. This is it, then. Whatever's happening upstairs, down here it's just me and the monster.

She was dimly aware of a warmth spreading underneath her ass. She looked down and could see a puddle growing where she sat as she forcefully peed into her nylons with no control or restraint. But even realising this loss of composure, she knew she could not give in. Going out there would be a death sentence. Her only hope was to try to make things difficult for her attacker.

The man was far too large to fit under the table so he would have to try to heft it aside to get at her. He was a large man, but it was a massive table with iron struts and it seemed to have been bolted straight into the rock. If it were as immovable as she fervently hoped it was then there was no way he could get her out in a hurry.

But she did not have forever. Where was Alan?! She used her thumbs to rip the tape away from her mouth and screamed, hoping against hope that Alan could hear it and had not abandoned her.

This disobedience seemed to send her assailant into a towering rage. He tried to pull the table away. It shifted no more than a few millimetres before his grip slipped and with a yawp of exasperation he gave up trying to move it.

Elise didn't dare to believe it. Her plan had worked! He couldn't get her out!

But the man walked across the room and selected a sledgehammer from the workbench. He stalked back towards her with murder in his eyes, the heft of the sledge dragging along the cellar floor ominously.

Surely not. Surely he can't-

The man drew it back and with an almighty heave he swung it down with the primal force of a goliath.

With an almighty crash the cedar buckled and nearly split in two right down the middle. The noise was deafening. The man's strength seemed superhuman. And then he drew it back for a second swing.

The poor girl saw her life flashing before her eyes. She couldn't believe that she was going to go out this way. How could anyone have that kind of strength? Where was Alan? She was going to be pulverised!

Through her shock she felt her bowels begin to move. At first it started slowly, her poop solid and coming out into her lace-cotton panties at a steady pace, forming a tennis-ball sized bulge in her tights.

Then all of a sudden it seemed to rush out all at once. She had completely lost control and was filling her panties with mushy poop loudly and uncontrollably.

Nearly three days' worth of soft crap filled out the seat of her underwear and tights making a very large bulge under her bottom and filling the small space with the unpleasant smell of her accident.

I'm messing myself, Elise thought to herself through the shellshock. I'm about to die and when they find me they'll know that I filled my pants like a toddler.

And with that, the sledge reached its apex, and out of futile despairing instinct she ducked her head.

The world went dark.

Elise blinked against the near total blackness, willing her eyes to work. For an eerie, fleeting moment she wondered if she was dead.

But the clatter of the sledgehammer's heft impacting the stone floor dispelled that vision, and she heard her assailant's furious, fearful shout as he span around.

'Who was that?! Show yourself, you coward! Do you-

Two shots rang out in rapid succession. Elise heard the man slump to the floor.

Gloomy strands of light were filtering down the stairs now, and she could make out a silhouette standing over the threshold, a pistol outstretched in one arm.

Self-awareness returned and Elise came crashing back to earth. Her lungs had frozen in her chest the moment her attacker's sledge reached the zenith of its vicious killing blow. But now she breathed. Her eyes glazed over as she took in desperate, shuddering gasps of air.

As the figure advanced into the room, Elise's hyperventilation began to slow. Eventually it receded to the point where she leaned on a table leg and began to sob loudly. But through the ghastly shock she felt her resolve to return to her. She grunted determinedly, forcing herself to bring her breathing back under control.

When she looked to her rescuer again its shadowy form stood over the felled giant. Something was being inspected.

Still weeping quietly, Elise watched as the spectre toyed with something small. Then it turned to the table and bent down to peer at her. Through the obscurity, she finally saw the creature's face.

A mask. A blank, white mask. The eyeholes were two pits of shadow in the half-light, but from within those wells of black she could feel a penetrating gaze staring right through her.

Ghoulish though it was, after all that had happened it did not frighten Elise.

Just a mask, a man in a mask, she thought to herself. Is it Alan?

The figure silently reached into a pocket and withdrew a knife. It tossed it next to her meaningfully.

Then turning on its heel, the figure glided back up the stairs and exited the cellar without a second glance.

Elise sat stunned for a moment before she came to her senses.

'H-Hey!' she yelled after the figure. 'Wait!'

With trembling hands, she grabbed the knife and sawed away at her restraints, accidentally nicking her ankle in her haste to get free. Alan had not bound her wrists tightly so with some care she was able to cut those bonds as well. But it took time.

She clambered out from her hiding space, wincing as she felt the mound of poop in her underwear and tights squishing up against her rear. But she couldn't worry about that now. She had to get out of here.

Shaking as she stepped around the outline of her attacker's motionless body, Elise climbed the stairs and exited the cellar to find a house seemingly untouched by the commotion she had heard. Or so she thought until she saw two bodies slumped in the lounge room adjacent to the entrance hall.

With a shock, she recognised the navy-clad figure closest to the door. A bloodied knife lay on the ground below Alan's outstretched hand. True to his word, he had tried to protect her.

She approached and noted with surprise that he was unbloodied. The other man was bleeding out all over the floor and appeared to have been run through with the knife. Alan, on the other hand, seemed to have been struck from behind.

He's still breathing!

Suddenly the reality of the situation hit Elise like the sledgehammer she had only just barely evaded. Her captors were incapacitated or dead. The masked man was gone. She was free of her bonds. Nobody could stop her leaving. She was free.

Outside, the rain intensified from a drizzle to a downpour. Through the sheets of water cascading over the gutters to the concrete paving outside she could see a silver car parked in the driveway. And beyond lay freedom in the cold, dark night.

With escape a fait accompli few others would have hesitated. And yet here stood Elise with her head to one side, sucking on her lower lip with calculation stamped across her soft features.

It struck Elise that Alan was not very tall. It was a strange thought to have, but he couldn't have been more than two inches taller than she, and he looked even smaller still lying knocked out cold on the floor. To Elise's faint surprise she felt sorry for him. He was in with these crooks, she knew. But he wasn't like them, was he? He'd tried to protect her.

As she stood there wrestling with her indecision, Alan stirred a little, groaning, and reached out for his knife before slumping back to the floor.

And just like that, she made up her mind. She was going to get even.

Grabbing a set of keys she saw lying on the coffee table in front of the sofa, Elise shook Alan to wake him. He stirred once more, but seemed very groggy.

'Come on, let's get out of here,' Elise said firmly.

Alan was too out of it to resist as she led him out the door to the driveway and into the night.

Chapter 3: En Route

Rivulets cascaded over the gutters in thin refractive columns as Elise and Alan lurched out the doorway under the security light towards the stationary sedan.

The water drenched Elise's white blouse in mere moments and sent little columns of ice streaming down the small of her back and into the waistband of her skirt. Staggering down the driveway, the pair halted next to the vehicle as the deluge took hold of them and drenched them to their bones.

Keys.

Elise's fingers shook as she fumbled with the keys. Finding a fob, she unlocked the car and wrenched open the passenger side door. With Alan grumbling and moving erratically, Elise managed to womanhandle him into his seat and tossed his legs in after him. Slamming the door shut, she trotted around to the car's right-hand side and, rushing to get out of the icy shower, she plonked herself roughly down into the driver's seat.

Squish.

The mess that she had forgotten about in a few blessed moments of adrenaline now oozed through the legholes of her hopelessly browned bikini underpants into her black nylon tights and smeared her upper thighs. Some had been forced up to the elastic at the back, left and right across the cheeks of her buttocks, and worryingly close to other unmentionable vectors. If Elise's facial expression in that moment could have been committed to canvas by a painter it would have been a prizewinning masterpiece.

In spite of herself, Elise half-giggled through her shock. The old joke was right, it really did feel like she was sitting in a shepherd's pie, she thought to herself with amusement.

One embarrassing classroom wetting aside, Elise had never had many accidents. In the heat of the moment when she had been facing oblivion earlier, her messing had seemed almost mundane like it was just another slide in the horror show that she'd only narrowly escaped. But now she could almost laugh about it…

She shifted a little and felt the mess squelch below her like a water cushion. It must have been the adrenaline, but she felt exhilarated; like she'd gotten away with something incredibly naughty. But as the smell started to fill the car she realised she would not be able to hide what she'd done from Alan.

She finally glanced at Alan only to see that he was awake and watching her, eyes open and mouth slightly ajar.

'Oh! It's… I…' was all a flustered and slightly humiliated Elise could manage before Alan interrupted.

'Home. Override!' Alan enunciated, more loudly and firmly than Elise would have thought he could have managed in his condition. But her surprise at his apparent recovery was nothing compared to her shock as the vehicle responded to its master's command.

The car locked its doors. The vehicle started itself up in defiance of the keys Elise still clutched in her right hand. Then it began reversing down the driveway as Elise grappled with the steering wheel in futile confusion. Then she heard a female voice.

'Voice activation engaged. Welcome back, Master Sanders. Navigating to Home - Inner Rothsay.'

Panicking a little at the realisation she'd been trapped again, Elise floundered with the controls in desperation. The steering wheel did nothing. The pedals did nothing. The gearstick felt like it had been fixed in cement.

As the car pulled out onto the street, she rounded on Alan angrily.

'What did you do?! What are you doing?! Where are we going?! Why-…' she cried before Alan interrupted.

'We're getting to safety. The only place I know for sure we'll be safe.'

'Home? Your home? Stop! Let me out!'

'I can't. We're not safe. You're not safe. Those fuc-…' remembering his manners, Alan cut off the expletive. 'I mean, those… gentlemen apparently did some… silly things that have made things worse. A lot worse. You can't go home now, they would come back for you.'

'But they're dead!'

Alan eyed her calculatingly.

'Both of them?' he asked, eyebrow arched.

'Yes!'

'Well, then, clearly I've underestimated you, Miss,' Alan said, impressed. 'How'd you do it?'

'Do what? I-… Wait, no, I-I didn't! Somebody else was there!'

'Somebody else?' Alan furrowed his brow.

'Yes! I-'

'Who?' Alan interrupted.

'W-well,' Elise stammered, 'I, I, I'm not sure. They never spoke, or at least I don't think they did.'

'"You don't think they did"?' Alan repeated at her impatiently, 'Well, did they or didn't they?'

'Look,' Elise snarled angrily, 'that maniac you let come downstairs nearly smashed me apart with a sledgehammer! I was a bit too focused on that to be worrying about other things like who said what and when!'

'Wait - Anders attacked you? With a sledgehammer?!' Alan exclaimed in astonishment. 'But they were planning to-…'

'IT HAPPENED!' Elise thundered indignantly. 'I was under the table and he tried to kill me!'

'Okay, okay, I understand, I do apologise for my rudeness,' said Alan contritely, raising his hands in apology. 'This other person, he killed Anders and set you free?'

'Uh… Yes…' Elise confirmed uncertainly. 'Just as the huge guy was going to strike, this other guy came down and fired a pistol. And then he threw a knife to me.'

'He saw you, then? Did you get a good look at him?' Alan inquired curiously.

'Why does it matter?'

'It could be very important. Please.'

Elise bowed her head into her hands and rubbed her temples.

'I don't know,' she said quietly. 'I didn't get that good a look. He had a white mask on.'

'Ah,' Alan uttered stonily, and with this disclosure he fell silent and diverted his gaze to stare out the window.

Elise gaped at him for a moment. It seemed like this new revelation was troubling him and she could sense that Alan knew more than he was letting on.

'I don't suppose you saw where this person went?' Alan enquired eventually.

'No.'

The car turned off the road they had been on to a wider dual-carriageway road. Here streetlights intermittently illuminated the interior of the car as Elise chewed her lower lip and stared at Alan with a mixture of frustration and apprehension. As ever, Alan's poker face was unreadable, but she thought she could detect worry and possibly even fear. But she had worries of her own.

'Am I still your hostage?' Elise asked with some trepidation.

'Hmmm?' Alan appeared to stir from his reverie.

'You said I can't leave,' Elise reminded him bitterly. 'You're taking me somewhere else against my will. What are you going to do with me?'

'Well… No. You're not,' Alan sighed. 'As I said, we're going to the only place I know for sure we'll be safe. Then we can decide what to do.'

'But they're dead!' Elise exclaimed. 'I told you!'

'Makes no difference, I'm afraid,' Alan continued glumly. 'Those two clowns were going to try to ransom you off to somebody on the premise that you had something valuable that they're looking for. And they'd already given your name.'

Elise frowned in bewilderment.

'Who were they going to ransom me to?' she asked confusedly.

'I don't know exactly. All I know is that it's someone well-connected with a lot of… well, certain kinds of people that you don't want to meet.' Alan fixed her with a grim stare. 'The kinds of people who own pig farms and chemical storage warehouses.'

'Well, what do they want from me?'

'I don't know that either. Information is my best guess,' Alan idly speculated. 'Documents, maybe?'

Seeing the expression of protest on Elise's face Alan quickly added 'I know you don't have anything like that. Like I said earlier, it's an asinine case of mistaken identity. But that's what they're looking for. I think.'

'And it's worth kidnapping somebody over, is it?' Elise demanded as she glared at Alan.

'Honestly, I don't know what it's worth,' Alan responded impassively. 'What I do know is that if you had been carrying documents or whatever it is that those guys are after and they knew you had it, you would've thanked your lucky stars that the idiots back at the house who grabbed you first worked for me.'

Silence reigned in the car for a moment as Elise took this in.

'So where do you fit in all of this, then?'

'Pardon?'

'Well, they want documents, or information, or whatever,' Elise observed. 'But in the end it wasn't them who kidnapped me. It was your men. So you're after something as well!'

'Maybe I just want money?' Alan suggested.

'Then you could have just gone through with the ransom to the other group!' Elise pointed out.

Alan looked scandalised.

'I would never agree to that!' he snapped. 'What kind of a man do you think I am?'

'Oh, so you're not that sort of kidnapper, then?' Elise laughed. 'And you said you were going to let me go. I've never heard of a kidnapper giving up a ransom just because they didn't get the exact rich white girl that they set out to get!'

In spite of himself, Alan smirked - seemingly with approval, but he said nothing.

'I think,' Elise continued slowly, 'I think you know exactly what it is that they're after. I think you want it too.'

Elise held Alan's stony stare for a few seconds.

Alan sighed.

'Look, I really am truly sorry about what's happened to you,' Alan stated with his head downcast, looking at his hands, 'Everything seems to be happening so fast. I'm ashamed to say this whole affair's been out of my control since the start.'

He looked up at her.

'I didn't know that that oaf would try to kill you back there,' Alan continued, this time looking her square in the eye, 'I would never have permitted him to go down to bring you upstairs if I thought something like that might have happened. I'd have sooner shot him where he stood. Maybe I should have. But I promise you that I will not put you in harm's way like that again.'

'You could just let me out of the car now,' Elise suggested hopefully. The car had pulled up for a red light at an intersection on the edge of the Syndicate's new territory. Other road traffic whizzed past in front of them.

Alan clicked his tongue.

'I told you, others would come looking for you,' Alan reminded her. 'Just because you don't have what they want doesn't mean that they wouldn't bury you in a ditch somewhere. Possibly - but not necessarily - after putting a bullet in the back of your head'

'So what am I supposed to do, then?' Elise exclaimed in dismay. 'I'm still your hostage, but it's all for my protection?'

'You're my guest, not my hostage,' Alan insisted. 'There's a difference.'

'Oh? What difference?'

Alan dipped his head in exhaustion.

'Please, Miss Wakefield, I'm just trying to protect you.'.

'Are you?' Elise demanded. 'I only have your word for it that anybody else might come for me. Come to that, how can I be sure that anything you've said is true? You're lying, aren't you?! You're making all of this up just so that I will follow along compliantly without questioning anything and let you throw me into another cellar!'

Alan looked up at her with a glint in his eye.

'You need proof? Okay.' Alan lifted his voice and addressed the car's internal service unit. 'Jacey, display review camera 11-, uh, 117. Please.'

The female voice Elise had heard when the car had started up replied:

'Review Camera 117 connecting... Please stand by.'

A panel above the car radio lit up and was showing a loading screen. After a couple of seconds a picture appeared showing a high-resolution CCTV view of the cellar workshop in which Elise had been imprisoned.

Elise gaped in surprise at the picture. She did not remember seeing a camera in the room.

'Okay,' she said slowly, 'but what's this supposed to prove?'

'Hmmm,' Alan muttered to himself, 'well, nothing yet… Jacey, 116, please. Actually, 115, please, 115.'

The view on the screen flicked to the entry hall of the house very briefly before moving to a camera showing the driveway they'd departed not ten minutes before.

'Aha!' Alan cried triumphantly, 'what have we here?'

It was hard to make out in the dark, but another car had just pulled into the driveway. Elise watched as three men disembarked the car. The men were heavily built and casually dressed in jeans and sweaters. Each of them seemed to be carrying a firearm.

'Track them, please, Jacey,' Alan instructed, 'and I'd like audio when they enter the house too.'

They watched from the driveway camera as the men entered the house. The screen switched to the entry hall camera feed. Two of the men went straight over to the cellar's glass-pane door and wrenched it open before descending. The man who stayed behind peeked into the lounge room curiously checking out the mess from Alan's fight with the dead man.

'117, please, Jacey. And audio!' Alan reiterated.

The view shifted back to the cellar camera. The two men had reached the bottom and were standing over the corpse of Elise's tormentor. One of the men spun around and kicked a bucket across the room, cursing in frustration. The other man reached for his phone, dialled, and then lifted it to his ear.

'Nope, sorry. They're dead. She's gone.'

Elise was stunned. She looked from the screen to Alan and back to the screen. Alan merely grimaced without taking his eyes off the screen and nodded dejectedly to himself.

The two men turned and went back up the stairs and the camera switched back to the entry hall. The man who had stayed upstairs was leaning against a wall as his colleagues came out of the cellar.

'Well?'

The man who had made the phone call gave a quick shake of the head and continued out the door without breaking his stride. Shrugging, the leaning man followed him out just as the bucket-kicking man ascended from the cellar himself. He, too, started to follow his friends out, but stopped in the middle of the room and suddenly looked right up at the camera causing Elise to jolt upright in her seat.

'You smartarse pr*ck. We're gonna find you.'

And with that he raised his pistol and the camera feed cut to static before switching to the driveway camera.

'We'll see about that,' Alan countered smugly.

He glanced back to Elise and was taken aback when he saw her face. This turn of events had clearly affected her in a big way. Silent tears streamed down her cheeks as she sat transfixed watching the display as the men loaded up into the car and set off again.

'Ah,' Alan said, suddenly discomfited, 'er, Jacey, cut the feed, please, thank you.'

As the feed cut to black, Elise broke into a sob and buried her face in her hands. Unsure of himself, Alan awkwardly reached across to pat her on the shoulder.

'Don't worry, Miss Wakefield, they will never find you,' Alan reassured her, 'you'll be safe with us, it's okay, it's alright.'

'Easy for you to say!' Elise sobbed, 'it's me they're after! I can't go home! I can't go anywhere! What about my family, my partner, my job? Oh god, Tyson. Who's looking after Tyson?!'

'Tyson?' Alan asked carefully, 'Who is Tyson?'

'My dog!' Elise shrieked, 'My partner's away on business and he's been at home by himself for three days! Nobody to feed him or give him water. All because of you! Oh my god, Tyson, we've got to go get him!'

'Are you crazy?' Alan jerked back in alarm, 'There will be people watching your house! Neither of us can go there!'

'He's my dog!' Elise yelled back hysterically, 'You want him to die of exposure? Let me out!'

Elise scrabbled at the door and Alan leapt across to restrain her.

'Stop it! Stop it! Okay, okay, for god's sake, we'll get your damn dog!' Alan promised exasperatedly, 'I guess that can be a job for Millie. Gee, I hope she's home when we get back.'

Elise slumped back and sobbed quietly in her seat, but she was beginning to calm down a little.

'Who's Millie?' Elise asked, sniffling.

'Erm,' Alan hesitated, struggling to think of a description that would do Emiliana Madaffari justice.

'She's, er, a friend of a friend,' he finished lamely, 'She'd be about your age. Actually, a bit younger, I think. She can be a bit of a, er, a livewire. If she gets too intense, be sure to tell her. God knows I have to. '

Alan shook his head.

'Anyway, we're not far off from arriving now. Three minutes, give or take.'

They sat there in silence for a moment. Eventually Elise broke it.

'I… I'm sorry I called you a liar,' she said with a shaking voice.

'Miss Wakefield, you have nothing to apologise for,' Alan assured her, 'In your position, I'm sure I would have been suspicious too.'

'Elise,' Elise interjected.

'What?'

'Just Elise, please. 'Miss Wakefield' is weird, it makes you sound like my landlord.' Elise said, still sniffling but with a small chuckle.

Alan stared blankly for a second before snickering awkwardly.

'Very well, Elise. Anyway, we're nearly there. We'll have dinner, and you can shower. I'm sure Millie has some clothes she can lend you. She'd be about your size, I think. And by hook or by crook we will get your dog.'

'Thanks,' Elise managed a weak smile for a second before she broke down again, 'But this is so insane, I can't believe this is all happening. How am I going to get my life back? I… I'm scared. I don't want to say it, but I am, I'm scared!'

Alan was at a loss for words. Truth be told, he had never had the most sensitive people skills, and this one was well beyond him. And what could he even say? The people hunting her were animals. She was right to be scared.

'There, there…' he soothed pathetically, 'We'll… We'll work something out. In the meantime, you'll be safe where we're going. That much is true.'

Silence reigned in the car for another moment once again broken only by Elise's sniffling.

'Sorry about your car seat, Alan…' Elise murmured sheepishly.

'What? What on earth for?' Alan asked with a frown.

Elise blinked at him with incredulity. The unfortunate odour of her accident was unmistakeable in the car, but Alan's baffled expression betrayed no sign that he'd noticed it. Either he was a fantastic actor and set on playing the gentleman or he was being intensely obtuse. Maybe that hit to the head had done more damage than they'd realised, Elise pondered.

'I, uh, well, uh,' Elise stammered in confusion, 'You remember I said that I hadn't been untied to… go to the bathroom since you, well… kidnapped me. Well-…'

'Oh, that,' Alan interrupted, waving a hand dismissively, 'please don't worry about it. The seat will dry. The important thing is that you're safe.'

'Yes, but I didn't just-…'

'The rain probably rinsed it all out anyway,' Alan blundered on obliviously, 'it's just a bit of… water at the end of the day, no harm done.'

'Oh? Er, alright, then?' Elise ventured in bewilderment, searching Alan's expression for any hint of discreet understanding and finding only earnest ignorance.

The car turned onto a narrow cobbled road and began to slow. This was an older, more affluent area, quite far removed from the hustle and bustle of the busy city centre that Elise called home.

She peeked out curiously into the darkness. Facing each other from opposite sides of the lane, a hedge and a two-metre high sandstone wall completely blocked her view of the homes on either side. Further ahead she glimpsed the silhouettes of behemoth gothic mansions lurking in the distance, shrouded in shadow.

'We're here,' Alan announced woodenly as the car slowed up alongside the hedge and proceeded through a brass and steel gate that had opened automatically. As the car's headlights flashed over a bronze plaque adorning the stonework bestride the gate, Elise just had time to make out the name: 'Halatine Hill'.

What lay beyond caused Elise's jaw to drop.

They had been admitted to what looked like an old-fashioned country estate. A very large oak tree occupied the heart of a lush, manicured lawn which rolled away before them down to a tall red-brick Victorian manor which awaited them at the end of a rhododendron-lined driveway.

Light poured out of large picture windows on the ground floor into trapezoids splayed across the grass around the house. Partly illuminated at the foot of the manor's front steps was a rose garden with a fountain featuring a stone statue of Hermes, naked except for a cloak and brandishing his famous kerykeion.

'What is this place?' Elise asked breathlessly.

'Home.' Alan answered simply.

Elise gaped at him.

'Well, I guess that does seem to rule out any money motivations,' Elise mused teasingly.

Alan shot her a look.

'This is a friend's place, not mine. I just live here. For the time being, anyway.'

'A friend?' Elise asked, 'This Millie girl?'

'Millie? Hah! No,' Alan sneered, 'but she does act as if she owns the place so watch out. Millie's… Millie. You'll see.'

Elise wasn't sure what to make of that comment. But she pressed on.

'So who is the lucky owner, then?'

Alan sighed, 'A gentleman named Roman Laquiere. We're… good friends. And since you're interested, he's also the one who had the bright idea of plucking a certain woman off a certain street not all that long ago.'

The car pulled up to the side of the manor and parked itself neatly next to a gravel path that meandered towards the front of the house.

'You have reached your destination,' Jacey announced, 'Good evening, Master Sanders, Mistress Wakefield.'

'Wait, you mean-…'

'Let's go,' Alan said firmly.

As Elise disembarked the vehicle she experienced the confronting sensation of suction as she peeled her bottom away from the chair. The seat was obviously quite badly soiled, Elise noted guiltily. She certainly wouldn't be able to hide that.

But Alan was already making his way down the gravel path. It passed through a white wooden arbour gate and continued alongside the house underneath a pergola laced with vines and lilacs up to the front steps. Alan pushed the arbour gate open and turned back to give Elise a quizzical look.

The sight of Alan holding the gate open for her made Elise hesitate. Was she really doing this? Voluntarily following her own captor into his lair? She'd heard of hostages experiencing Stockholm Syndrome before, but this wasn't like that. She'd come this far because she'd had no choice, but it didn't seem like it was Alan who was keeping her prisoner anymore.

Nevertheless Elise dithered, half-expecting Alan would come over and force her up the path to the house to put her in his power again. But he just stood waiting at the gate watching her sadly.

'Why are you doing this?' she demanded tearing up again, 'I'm no use to you. You could have left me to those gangsters back there, but you didn't. You brought me here. Why?'

Alan shrugged.

'You're involved now because of me. I feel responsible. You deserve better.'

Elise stood there absorbing his words, turning them over in her head, trying to find the lie contained within.

'Come on, Elise. Let's go inside?' Alan suggested meekly.

Well, she was here now. What else was there to do? Still, she felt like a ghost as she swept past Alan up the path towards the house.

Alea iacta est.

Chapter 4: Livewire

The heavy oaken front door featured an impressive engraving of a lion fighting a bear amidst a storm. The design looked somewhat Eastern. Out of place among the rest of the manor's conservative architecture, Elise thought to herself as she waited for Alan to open the door for her.

Just as Alan came up the steps, however, a dog started barking from inside.

'Beanie!' scolded a female voice from inside the house somewhere, 'Just a minute, Al!'

Elise heard some footsteps approaching the door and feeling a little nervous she stepped behind Alan.

The door unlocked and was pulled back bathing Alan and Elise in light and permitting a young German Shepherd to leap out the door and start jumping up at Alan.

'Get off me, you stupid mutt!' Alan exclaimed in annoyance, pushing the dogs waving front paws away from his hips.

A figure moved into the doorway silhouetted by the light behind.

'Sorry about Beanie, Al' the shadow said with a giggle. 'I was going to take him for a walk this afternoon, but I ended up bingeing on Netflix instead.'

Elise's eyes finally adapted to the light and took in the figure at the door.

The pyjama-clad girl standing over the threshold was breathtakingly pretty. She had light brown hair that hung in a braid to just below her shoulders and she was a little shorter than Elise, but with a very youthful face - young enough to be in her mid-teens. By contrast, her full figure suggested late-teens and her bronzed skin hinted that she didn't spend a lot of time in classrooms. Her mere presence had made Elise feel very self-conscious.

The dog that had been pouncing up at Alan shifted its focus to Elise now, and to her embarrassment it started sniffing around her butt where much of her mess had coalesced back into a ball in the seat of her pants. The dog's attention drew the girl's gaze too.

'But who's this, Al? You've brought a new friend home for Beanie!' she said beaming. The girl stepped out from the door, twirling a dog leash in her hands with her eyes locked on the trapped Elise.

'Uh, yes,' Alan mumbled clumsily, 'Millie this is Elise. Elise, Millie.'

'Wowee, Al! I didn't know you had it in you!' Millie laughed causing Alan to go red, much to Elise's shock.

'How did you two meet?' Millie enquired innocently, 'Ooh, I bet it was somewhere romantic!'

'Uh,' Alan said with an awkward glance at Elise's stony-faced expression, 'not exactly. She's had a bit of a rough time, actually, Millie. I wonder if you could-…'

Millie came over and hugged Elise in welcome. 'Hi, Elise, my name's Millie! It's a pleasure to-' Millie sniffed and wrinkled her nose, 'Ugh, what on earth is that smell?'

'I can't smell anything.' Alan remarked, 'But then again, I wouldn't, would I?' he added bitterly.

'I think somebody must have stepped in one of Beanie's presents… Or-…' Millie started.

Suddenly she became very aware of Elise's tomato red cheeks and put two and two together.

'Oh! Oh my gosh.' Millie exclaimed in surprise, clasping her hands over her mouth, eyes wide.

'What?' said Alan looking from the ashen-faced Elise to Millie, bewildered.

Millie rounded on Alan in a rage.

'She's not a friend of yours at all, is she?' Millie demanded accusingly. 'Who is she? What have you done to her?'

'Wha… I… But…' Alan blithered in confusion.

'You went through with that idiot scheme of Roman's, didn't you? Jesus Christ, Alan.' Millie snarled, 'What the hell were you thinking? You don't care what happens to people like her, do you? The ends justify the means, yeah?'

'I… I'm trying to help her!' Alan protested, 'It was all a stupid mistake. Anyway, she's here now, so she's safe.'

'"Safe"?!' Millie raged, incensed, 'What about from you? You've traumatised her!'

'What do you mean?' She's alright, isn't she? What's wrong with her?'

'You're… You're going to make me say it?' Millie was flabbergasted. 'You pig!'

'M-Millie…' Elise finally managed in a very small voice.

Millie turned to her and enveloped her in a tight embrace.

'It's okay, babe,' Millie said soothingly, glowering at Alan over Elise's shoulder, 'I don't hold it against you. I know it wasn't your fault.'

'Millie,' Alan growled through gritted teeth, 'You don't understand. It wasn't like that.'

'No?' Millie asked incredulously, 'You expect me to believe that?'

'It's… It's true, M-Millie…' Elise offered timidly. She pulled away from Millie.

'Alan… Alan helped me when I needed it the most,' she affirmed miserably, 'If it weren't for him I'd be d-dead.'

Millie bit her lower lip, and her glittering golden eyes flicked piercingly between Alan and Elise.

'Well, okay, maybe I've misread things,' Millie acknowledged eventually, 'But still… Bringing her here like this…'

Millie shook her head.

'If you ever humiliate somebody like this in front of me again, I'll cut you in half, Al.'

'Humiliate?' Alan threw up his hands in dismay, 'I don't know what you mean, I certainly didn't mean to do that.'

'Yes, but, obviously she's-…' Millie stopped herself when she saw pleading tears in Elise's expression.

Wait. He doesn't know, does he?

'You know what? Forget I said anything, Al,' Millie said cheerfully, reverting back to her chipper innocence with frightening speed. 'You don't mind taking Beanie for a walk around the garden do you? Me and Leasey have girl things to talk about.'

'Wha- Wait, but-…'

'Thanks, sweetie,' Millie interrupted, pushing the dog leash into his hands and grabbing Elise by the arm.

'Come on, babe,' Millie whispered in Elise ear, 'Before he catches on.'

Millie dragged Elise into the house, insolently shutting the door on a miffed Alan as he stood outside the door holding the leash limply while the excited puppy bounced around him in excitement.

'Sorry about that, Elise' Millie said regretfully, 'I thought Alan was being a bell-end, but he lost his sense of smell when he was a kid. I guess I assumed he'd noticed anyway…'

Elise blinked at this revelation.

'Oh,' she said in surprise, 'That's awful. I can't imagine. Um,' Elise added with a blush. 'Is it… really obvious?'

'It's pretty hard to miss, babe,' Millie smiled at her empathetically. 'But accidents happen. Believe me, I know. It's our secret.'

The lobby they had entered had several doors leading off to other parts of the house. Marble busts of men from different periods of history stared down imperiously from pedestals situated around the lobby. A wide sweeping marble staircase dominated the room and it was up these steps that Millie dragged Elise up to a dimly lit landing with thick burgundy carpet.

'You'd be a Size 8 like me, I reckon?' Millie enquired conversationally. 'Lucky you! Your boobs are a little bigger than mine, but I reckon we can find you some stuff to tide you over til tomorrow.'

Elise was having a bit of a hard time keeping up. While Millie's warm friendliness was hugely comforting, her innate self-confidence and unabashed outspokenness were a little bit jarring.

Millie led Elise off the landing and down a corridor. The room at the end turned out to be a very large bedroom - Millie's. The room was a total disaster zone: clothes, books, and papers flung all over the floor, a desk piled up with pictures of friends and parties, plates and glasses, and even a depleted toilet paper roll.

Just inside the door a couple of beanbags sat in front of a large LED TV which displayed the pause menu of a game Millie had been playing on her Playstation.

A King Size Bed piled with cushions sat unmade at the far side of the room adjacent to the window.

Mirrors lined the wall on the other side of the room, each one concealing a cupboard behind it. One of them stood ajar and Elise could see a number of dresses and frocks on hangers inside.

Millie strode over to one of the mirrors and slid it aside.

'Hmmm,' she pursed her lips as she appraised the contents of a shelf, 'You know what? I think these would look cute on you!'

She produced a light grey pair of button-up pyjamas patterned with sheep and retrieved a matching pair of slippers from underneath. Elise couldn't help but notice the pyjamas looked a little low cut for her tastes, but she took them gratefully.

'The ensuite's down there,' Millie said, indicating a half-open sliding door down next to her bed, 'You take as much time in there as you want. I'll go grab some stuff from the kitchen and then we can veg on the beanbags. Well, go on!' Millie gave Elise a playful spank on the butt.

'Uh, what about my clothes?' Elise pointed out.

'Oh, just dump them in the laundry basket in the ensuite. I've got to do a load, I'll take it down later,' Millie said casually. Seeing Elise's expression, she continued 'Babe, it doesn't bother me. Really. Every girl has the occasional accident. For some of us it's a bit more than occasional, too.' She added with a laugh.

The stunned expression on Elise's face prompted a few more giggles from Millie.

'Feel free to use my shampoo and stuff in there. But if you touch my straightener, you're dead meat. Kinda joking, but not really. Anyway! I'll be watching my show over there if you need me!'

And with that, Millie waltzed across the room and planted herself on one of the bean bags before picking up her controller and switching over to Netflix.

Elise just stood there overwhelmed. Millie tended to have that effect on people. Elise must have been five years older than Millie, but she felt a kinship with the younger girl as if she'd known her for years. And she found herself thinking that Millie was more than a little attractive.

Eventually she waddled into the ensuite for her long awaited shower. As her skirt fell to the tiled floor, she twisted to look over her shoulder in the mirror at the load in her tights. Even after all she'd been through, it looked about the size of a grapefruit. No wonder Millie had noticed it instantly.

In a way it felt strange as she rolled down her tights and threw them to one side. She'd gotten used to the feeling of the load in her underwear, and although humiliating, the experience had provided her with one of the most intriguing sensations of her life. She half-wondered if she might do it again privately one day, but with a pang of self-flagellating shame she shook her head to clear the impure thought.

She tipped out the load into the toilet and was relieved to see that it all came out stuck together, leaving nothing behind on her lacey panties except an embarrassing brown stain in the seat. She hoped that would come out in the wash.

As she jumped into the shower, she reflected on the crazy few days that had been. Quite quickly she realised how exhausted she was. She finished her shower and donned her pyjamas which turned out to be very revealing around her cleavage. But she was too tired to care. She staggered out of the room and flopped down onto Millie's bed, and she was asleep in mere seconds.

To be continued...
