030

Author: DerivativeWings

*000*2023-01-16 22:55

”You’ve reached Oh-Three-Oh, the Public Urination Prevention helpline. How can I help you?” Alyne had started a thousand calls this same way, it felt like. She knew the words by heart.

“Ah… finally. Me and my friend…” The woman on the other end is interrupted. Alyne is able to make out a conversation, though it’s a little hushed.

“They finally picked up? Thank god.” Another voice. Probably the friend.

“Yeah I just made it to the end of the phone queue…”

There is also a faint moan, from somewhere away from the phone, signaling pee desperation. Alyne has become scarily good at making those out.

“Sorry. As I was saying, me and my friend…” There is a pause. “…we’ve been stuck in a car queue for several hours. We need to pee, badly.”

“Both of you need to urinate?”

There is another pause. “Yes.” Somewhat faintly, Alyne hears, “We’re dying!”

“I see. Do you believe you at a risk of wetting very soon, within the next minute or so?”

“I-I’ll ask.” Faintly again. “She wants to know if we’re about to wet ourselves.” The friend’s response, immediate. “Holy shit, yes I am!” A pause. “No, like, is it actually going to come out right now or can you wait a little longer if you really try?” A hint of panic. “I-I guess I can hold on, but I’m so fucking full it’s not even funny.”

The first woman returns. “We-we can both hold it for now, but it’s really really bad.”

“That’s good. Can you give me your location? I might be able to find out how long it will take for the congestion to clear.”

“Ah-my location? Let’s see…” A few moments. “P17 road, a few miles south of Rain City.”

“Driving towards or away from Rain City?”

“Oh, er, right. Towards it.”

“I see. Give me a minute and I’ll be right back.” Normally, Alyne would have confirmed a few more things before checking the congestion. However, this was far from the first case related to traffic trouble down that particular road tonight. She was confident she would be able to get an update and return to the call quickly.

The first thing she did was to open one of the tabs on her computer. It was the website of the transport authority of Wildercowe, the relevant county for this case. Last update, 19:42. Fifty-six minutes ago. Traffic disruptions on the P17 - Rain City connection are still being investigated. We thank you for your patience.

Alyne calls out to her coworkers. “Did anyone recently check the Rain City road situation?”

Everyone around are in calls of their own, but Alyne still gets a quick reply. “I called them just now. They’ve started clearing out the blockage, and while the road won’t be operational for a while they’re starting to direct cars through one by one. Things should be moving, though it might be a little slow at first.”

“All right, thanks Iiris.” Alyne returns to her own call.

“I’m back, and I have some information about the blockage. But first, has the situation worsened on your end?”

Alyne can hear a hushed “Oh please please please.” on the other end, before the caller returns.

“Well, ah, I think it’s about the same. My friend is in a bad way, I’m very desperate as well. But we are still holding on for now at least.”

“That’s good. I can also report that traffic is being let through starting now. You will likely be able to get through to Rain City within the next hour at least.”

“Oh, um, I see!” The woman speaks away from her phone for a bit. “She says we’ll get through traffic in an hour.” Alyne can’t hear exactly what the other woman says, but the gist of it seems to be that she doesn’t have an hour to wait. There is cussing and maybe some crying involved.

The caller returns. “My friend wants to know if, if she could be allowed to relieve herself in the car?” The woman sounds nervous, probably a little afraid to ask.

“Depending on the circumstances, I may grant special permission for a person to relieve themselves outside of a toilet. However, there are a number of requirements before I am allowed to do that.”

“What are the requirements?”

“In this case, I need to know four things. First, how much time has passed since your friend last urinated. Secondly, I need to know what your available options for emergency urination are. Thirdly, I need to assess whether or not your friend has had any opportunity to urinate legally when they reasonably should have. Finally, I need to assess how much time is going to pass before your friend will have another opportunity to urinate legally. That last one is already covered.”

“Okay, okay.” The woman sounds a little stressed. “Where do we start?”

“Keep in mind your testimony alone won’t be enough to cover all of this. I’m going to need to ask for relevant documentation at times. Well, mostly I need a photocopy of your friend’s last receipt of relief to verify the last time she urinated.”

The woman is silent for a few seconds. “Isn’t it too easy to lie and use an older receipt?”

“Well first of all, that would be a crime. But no, generally when people try a stunt like that, it tends to be pretty obvious. And if it ends up going to court, they have a database for that kind of thing we’re not allowed to access. I wouldn’t recommend it unless you want to land in a lot of trouble.”

“All right. Sorry. I wasn’t planning on doing anything like that, just speaking before thinking.”

“Don’t worry. It’s my job to help you and your friend to avoid breaking the law, after all. But we should probably get into your request for emergency relief. First, I need to ask your friend a question.”

“All right, I’ll hand the phone over in a sec.” Quieter, Alyne hears “She needs to ask you a question.”

The other woman picks up the phone. Her speech is rapid and breathy. “H-hello? You n-needed to ask something?”

“Yes. This is Alyne of the Public Urination Prevention helpline speaking. I need to confirm with you; are you requesting permission for emergency relief?”

“Yes…!” She whispers it.

“Very well. Do you believe you will be unable to hold your urine until your next opportunity to relieve yourself?”

“Yes, yes! I definitely can’t last another hour!”

“All right. I am going to need to verify this later, but when was the last time you urinated?”

“I-I can’t remember exactly! It was this morning though, s-sometime around 10 AM?” Alyne hears the other woman say something in the background. “Y-yeah! Right. B-both of us went at the same t-time, just before ten!”

“All right. You can hand the phone back now.”

The phone returns to the first woman. “So, so what now?”

“Now, I am going to need a photocopy of the receipt of relief for your friend’s last urination.”

“Okay. I’ll ask her now.” The conversation is too quiet for Alyne to pick up on anything.

“She, er, has it, but it’s difficult for us to access right now.”

“I’m sorry, but without it my hands are tied. I need it to be able to grant emergency relief.”

Some more conversation in the background. This time, more agitated. The woman returns. “She’s going to try and get it.” Alyne can hear a shuffling noise. “It’s, ah, in her jacket in the passenger seat.”, the woman hastily adds.

Neither Alyne nor the caller says anything for a bit while they wait. The other woman is clearly struggling in the background, Alyne is guessing the caller has a hand on the wheel and isn’t helping out as a result. “Er, while we wait could we do me as well?”

Alyne snaps back to the call. “Oh, sorry. What do you mean?”

“um, you know…” There is uncertainty in the woman’s voice. “I-I don’t know if I have an hour either. I’m really desperate. Maybe I can…?”

“I would only advise emergency relief if you truly feel that you can’t hold it anymore. If you can push yourself for another hour, you can make it in time. Are you certain you will wet yourself if you wait another hour?”

“N-no, I guess not. But…! What if traffic doesn’t clear up?” The woman sounds dejected.

“If you want to, you can photocopy your own receipt of relief as well. I’ll have most of the information you need ready then, if the situation worsens.”

“Oh, yeah okay. That sounds good.” There is some rustling.

“Do I send it via mail?”

“You can, but it’s usually easier if you just send it as a message via the 030 number.”

Some more rustling in the back. Alyne thinks she can hear a panicky shriek, hopefully it’s not too late for the friend.

“She, she just got hers out as well. Give me a second, I’ll take the pictures.”

Half a minute later, the pictures arrive. Due to a recently implemented system update, any photos sent to 030 during an active call are automatically redirected to the mail address of whichever agent is on that call. Before this change, Alyne had experienced callers wetting themselves while desperately trying to send her an email using their phone. Despite some bad experiences Alyne had had with system updates at her job in the past, this particular change was definitely a welcome one.

“There! Can you see the pictures now?”

Alyne quickly refreshes her email. Two new emails, one per image, both titled Redirected Message 20:48. The images are not exactly top quality, but Alyne has seen enough of these that she can envision them as clearly as if she were holding them in her hands. No issues reading the text either. She creates two new tabs to keep the images in going forward.

&&

First one, important info was the time and volume, 457ml at 9:51. Alyne can’t help to make note of the rather cutthroat charge, this was Wildercove all right.

&&

Second one. 1007ml at 9:49. This, when coupled with the matching T-Code, strongly suggested they had gone to the toilet together, as the desperate woman had said. That was good, since it would assist their case that they had taken reasonable precautions to avoid public urination according to their ability. Although…

“Which one is you, and which one is your friend?”

“Oh! Um, let me check.” There is some rustling. “The first one, 9:49 is me. 9:51 is my friend.”

“All right. Where was this toilet visit?”

“It was at the hotel we were staying at. We wanted to make sure to pee before heading out. Um…” There is a gasp in the background. “Do you need to know anything else in particular about it?”

“No, that should be enough. Have you had any good opportunities to pee between then and getting into the traffic jam?”

The woman on the other end is quiet for a while. “We did stop once, at a restaurant. We could have both used the toilet then, but weren’t expecting to be stuck in a traffic jam for several hours.”

Alyne makes some notes on her computer. “Thank you for being honest. This might have affected your friend’s case under other circumstances but given time amount of time you’ve been stuck in traffic for…”

There is some conversation between the two. Alyne can pick up the other woman exclaiming “oh, thank you!”.

The caller returns. “My friend says thank you. She also said she’s at her limit and really, really needs the relief soon. Do you think…?”

“Yeah. I believe that given the circumstances she can be granted immediate emergency relief. Do you have something for her to pee into ready?”

“Um, yeah. Before I called, I made sure to get the car toilet out from the trunk. Traffic wasn’t moving at all, so I could do it safely!” She adds the last part a bit hastily.

“Very good. Your friend has been granted emergency urinary relief, so she is allowed to use it now. Make sure your car toilet is properly set up before she does, though.”

The woman on the other end doesn’t answer this time, and Alyne picks up on rustling, frenetic conversation and stifled moans, presumably from the second woman. Then a sound Alyne is all-to-familiar with cuts through the silence – the sound of liquid crashing against plastic. The other woman must be peeing. The euphoric moans of relief are loud enough for Alyne to clearly pick up as well.

The caller returns while the other woman is still peeing. “So, um…”

“Did your friend successfully use the car toilet?”

“Yeah, yeah she did. Just in time…” She laughs a little nervously. “So, what about me?”

“Right. Given your current condition, I can’t give you emergency relief.” There is a frustrated, tense sigh. The background waterfall is probably even louder on her end. “I am sorry. Traffic should be clearing up again, though. If you are still stuck about thirty minutes from now, or you believe there is a risk of imminent wetting, call again.”

“It’s just… She gets to… you know. And I have to wait.”

“Don’t think of it that way. You are well on your way to making it to a toilet for proper relief, despite the unfortunate conditions. That is something to be proud of. As for your friend, she is certainly lucky to have avoided wetting herself. However, she’ll have to deal with a strike on her record nonetheless.”

“I… suppose that’s true.” A grunt of pain, this time from the caller. “If it’s true that traffic is clearing up soon, I can make it, I think.”

“Good. Was there anything else?”

“No. I think that’s it at least. Thank you for helping us.”

“It was nothing. Thank you for calling the three-oh-three. I’ll probably keep getting calls from your area for a while now.” She adds the last part with a slight laugh.

“Oh! Yeah, I suppose we’re probably not the only ones in this situation. Thanks, again. Good bye.”

“Good luck on the road. Bye.” Alyne ends the call, and checks the phone queue. Fifty-three people in line. She gets ready, then picks up the next call. The Oh-Three-Oh was always busy.

*009*2023-01-17 22:36

{{18 hours ago, holdit247 said:

Any how big is the driver's bladder if her precautionary pee was over a litre!

}}

It was her morning pee and she'd want to make sure to pee just before leaving (You saw the Wildercowe prices. Multiple pees get expensive fast, even after accounting for four-years-into-the-future inflation.). But the answer to your question is; definitely at least more than a liter!

*010*2023-01-19 01:25

030 - Cabin in the Woods

”You’ve reached Oh-Three-Oh, the Public Urination Prevention helpline. How can I help-”

“Oh thank god! I finally came through!” The connection is very unstable, distorting the caller’s voice. Becoming better at making out what people said over interference was a part of the job. “I-I don’t have much time…!”

Alyne tries to speak very clearly as she responds. “Please, describe your situation.”

“I’m-” Her voice cuts off. “-ide a cabin! I-” She cuts off again.

“There is some interference. Can you repeat that?”

“I’m stuck inside a cabin! I need to pee!” She says it faster this time.

“Do you have no way of relieving yourself?”

“Yes I do! But… Yes, hurry!”

“What mode of relief do you have available?”

“A Pee-Tee! You have to give me permission to use it now!”

“Please, just try to contain yourself a little longer. You are strong. I need to know more about your situation. First, why are you stuck within a cabin?”

“I can’t, please-” Her voice cracks, but she is cut off again. “-in the mountains, the cabin is buried in snow!” When the voice comes back, she is speaking very quickly again.

“Where are you right now?”

“In Storhoy! It’s near-” A second after the woman cuts off, Alyne is checking maps. Storhøj was a small village community on the other side of the border. Mountain tourism, hiking. That kind of thing.

Alyne isn’t sure if the woman is still cut off or is just waiting for her to speak. “Do you mean Storhøj on the border to Voya?”

“Yes…!” The reply is slightly choked.

The caller doesn’t wait for Alyne to say anything. “Please! I need to pee now! I’m at a risk of- at a risk of wetting my-” A pause. “-can’t take it any more!”

“Please, hold on. I need more information. How long have you been holding your pee?”

“I can’t! I can’t I-” She takes a shaky breath. “I haven’t peed since yesterday!”

Alyne glances at the current time displayed on her computer screen. 17:54. The woman had likely been holding it for more than 24 hours.

Alyne needed to hurry. She continues. “Have you contacted anyone else to help you get out of the cabin?”

“Yes! That was the first thing I did when I got a signal! But they-” Half a second. “-be here for several hours!”

“I see. Do you have your receipt of relief for your last pee?”

There is a long silence. “Do you have-”

“I don’t…” The woman pauses. “I don’t! I don’t have it in the cabin, and I’m locked in!”

“Calm down. Hold on. We can resolve this. Can you describe the last time you peed?”

“I- ah…! It was at a hostel in Veien. Gildenfruen. On my way here.”

“Did you stay at the hostel as a guest?”

“Y-yes!”

Okay. I’ll ask one of my coworkers to check with the hostel. They should be able to provide a copy of the reci-”

“N-no, don’t! Please!”

Alyne doesn’t say anything.

“I won’t be able to wait for that long. Please! There must be-”

“I’m sorry, but I need the receipt for your last pee. Otherwise, it is very difficult for me to give you emergency permissions. I think I will be able to check this very quickly.”

There is a pause.

“I-I-I’m sorry. I lied.”

Alyne is somewhat taken aback. “About what?”

“My last pee wasn’t at the hostel at all.”

“Then where was it?”

“I, um, I…” The woman seems to have trouble getting her words out. “I peed in V-voya.”

“What do you mean?” Alyne is pretty sure she knows what the woman means, but making sure is part of her job.

“I, I peed outside.”

“I see.” It wasn’t exactly uncommon for tourists to Voya to engage in a bit of public urination. It was extremely unlikely they would be prosecuted for it, after all. Actually admitting doing it to a 030 agent was another matter.

“And what about the hostel?”

“I did pee there, but not yesterday. But please, I-” She cuts off just as she raises her voice. “-pee!!” Despite missing half of what she said, the woman’s intent is more than clear to Alyne.

“All right. Even if you are in Voya, that still doesn’t mean…”

“I know!” She stifles a sob. “But if I don’t get to pee within the next minute, it is going to be so much worse for me!”

“All right.” Alyne opens a document on her computer. “Because of the circumstances, you cannot provide a receipt for your last urination. I still need to ask you a few questions about it.”

“No! Please, I can’t!”

“I need to have this information, otherwise there is no way I can grant you emergency relief.”

“Okay, okay! I’ll answer, just hurry, do it quickly!”

“When did you last urinate?”

“I told you the truth last time. It was yesterday! Nighttime.”

“Where was this?”

“Up on the mountain. I don’t know exactly where!” Alyne lets is slide, and makes a note.

“How much did you urinate, approximately?”

“I-I don’t know!” She breathes heavily for a moment. “Probably at least a liter, a-actually.”

“Why do you think it was more than a liter?”

“It was a lot, okay! I don’t know exactly how much it was, but it-” She cuts off, again. “-to my other receipts and-!” The woman suddenly stops. “I’m peeing, I’m peeing please I can’t I’m going to wet myself I have to now…!” Alyne can practically hear the grinding teeth on the other end as the woman finishes.

“I have all the information I need.” That wasn’t entirely true, but she had enough given the circumstances. You are granted immediate emergency urinary relief.”

“Thank you thank you thank you!” Alyne can hear the woman shuffle with her clothes and the portable toilet even as she’s thanking her. Then, there are a few seconds of silence. And then-!

The sound of the woman’s urination came through shockingly clearly, both the stream itself as well as her relieved vocalizations. Alyne couldn’t help but feel some sympathy twinges in her own bladder. It was quite full, of course. She was near the end of her shift, and people didn’t pee while at work. Not in her city, anyway. Suddenly, though, she stops.

Alyne is getting ready to end the call. “Are you-?”

“It’s full!”

“Excuse me?”

“The p-porta-ah! Portable toilet filled up!”

“Do you have a second one?”

“W- no!”

“Do you still need to urinate?”

“Yes! Badly!”

“Are you at a risk of wetting yourself in the very near future?”

“I-I don’t-” A pause. “No, not immediately. But help isn’t coming for hours!”

“How large was the capacity of the portable toilet?” Strictly speaking, Alyne didn’t have to ask this. It wouldn’t affect her ability to help the caller at all.

A few moments pass. “Five-hundred milliliters!” Alyne thought she might know which brand of P-T that was. She couldn’t be one hundred per cent sure of course, there were many 500ml-variants out there. The circumstances of the caller made her suspect it was a relatively cheap model often sold to travelers who weren’t really expecting to ever have to use it. If that was the case, it wouldn’t be the first time that particular P-T had caused issues like this. 500 mills just wasn’t enough to cover an emergency. Well, especially not a 24-hour emergency.

“I see. If you feel that you are at risk of wetting yourself, you may call again.”

“But I don’t even know if I’ll have a connection then-” Static. “-be stuck in the phone queue and piss my fucking pants!”

“I’m sorry, but there is no way for me to help you. There is no way for me to grant preemptive emergency relief. In addition, you just got relief.”

“But I wasn’t able to finish! My bladder is still bursting!”

“For our purposes, the important thing is that you are no longer at a risk of wetting yourself in the near future. I’m sorry I can’t help you any further. Thank you for calling the oh-three-oh.” Alyne ends the call.

*014*2023-01-22 15:16

030 - No relief

”You’ve reached Oh-Three-Oh, the Public Urination Prevention helpline. How can I help you?”

Though you would have a hard time discerning it from the practiced greeting, Alyne was in a bad mood. This was her longest workday of the week, and she was working overtime.

“H-hi. I’m calling because, you see…” The caller, a woman with a soft voice, meanders off into a whisper.

“Yes?”

“I, um, I’m having some troubles right now…”

“I see, can you describe your problem in more detail?”

“I- I, well I don’t really know…”

“Start from the beginning, please.” It wasn’t too uncommon for callers to be at a loss at first. On a normal day, Alyne wouldn’t have been too annoyed with her for it.

“Well, my toilet’s broken you see, and they said they would fix it but it’s taking so long…”

“I see. Do you need to urinate at the moment?”

“Er, well… Um, yes… I do.”

“Is is very urgent?”

The woman doesn’t say anything for a few seconds. Alyne glances at the digital clock on her desktop. 18:23. Her shift ended 23 minutes ago. Her longest shift of the week, and it kept getting longer.

“It’s… pretty urgent. I don’t know how much longer I can hold it for.”

“Do you believe that you are at a risk of wetting yourself within the near future?”

“U-um… I don’t, well…” The woman stammers, trying to find the right words. “Not in the near future, I suppose, but if I have to wait much longer…”

“When was the last time you urinated?”

“Er, when I arrived at work this morning so… About nine?” She then sheepishly adds “I had a lot to drink at work today.”

“And do you know when your toilet will be fixed?”

“It-it was supposed to have been fixed during the day, but it got postponed. So now I don’t have a toilet until tomorrow at the earliest.”

“Do you believe you can hold it until then?”

“Wh- I,…” The woman sounds flustered. “No! That’s impossible, there’s no way I can hold it for that long.”

Alyne sighs. Where the hell was her relief? The 030 got a mix of relatively mundane calls where the agent would offer some advice or encouragement, and actual emergency calls that needed to be handled with care. Under normal circumstances, Alyne probably would have tried to end this call quickly as soon as it became clear the woman wasn’t at an immediate risk of wetting herself. However, she really didn’t want to get wrapped up in a difficult to resolve emergency call just as her relief showed up. She had been at work all day and needed to get home soon.

“Well, if you are not at an immediate risk of wetting but don’t think you can hold it until your home toilet is fixed, you are going to need to use another toilet.”

The woman is silent.

“Do you have any neighbors? You could ask to borrow their toilet. Otherwise, I can check if any stores in your area are licensed to offer a toilet service.”

“There is a bar nearby with a toilet, but…” Alyne was pretty sure she knew where this was going. If you were going to use a toilet anywhere away from home, a bar was never a good idea. Those prices were for people with literally no other choice. “It’s so expensive! I don’t know if…”

“If it’s your only alternative, I would recommend it over wetting yourself. If you don’t want to use that toilet, and can’t wait until tomorrow, what about a neighbor?”

The woman is silent for a few seconds, thinking. “I can’t. It’s… it’s too humiliating.”

Borrowing another person’s private toilet was a rather touchy subject in many parts of the country. It was something Alyne encountered a lot in her profession. “Well, your options are to wait until tomorrow, ask a neighbor to borrow their toilet, or to go to that bar or some other place with a license.”

“But I… I don’t…”

“In any case there isn’t much more I can do to help you, I’m afraid. If you believe that you are at a risk of wetting yourself, you can call again. But keep in mind that you having had reasonable opportunity to use the toilet and still choosing not to will factor heavily against you if you need to seek emergency relief.” Alyne shifts impatiently in her chair and flips her hair, annoyed. Someone was going to get chewed out over this. Why hadn’t her relief shown up yet?

The woman lets out a frustrated sigh, which seems to transform halfway into a moan. “I guess you’re right. I’ll… I’ll do what I can.”

“Very well. Thank you for calling the oh-three-oh. Have a good weekend.” She ends the call, then looks around the call center. All the other agents were in the middle of handling a call. She checks the call queue. Seventy-three people long, and this was just her unit. Every agent was needed right now, or else things were going to get hairy. So were the hell was her relief? Erica should have been here almost an hour ago.

“Hey!” She shouts out into the room. “Has anyone heard what’s happened to Erica?!”

One of her coworkers look up, shake her head and returns to her call. Alyne looks at the call queue. Seventy-four people. At least she got well compensated for overtime, but Erica better show soon. She quickly finishes a case note on her computer, picks up the phone again, and takes the next call.

”You’ve reached Oh-Three-Oh, the Public Urination Prevention helpline. How can I help you?”

The caller doesn’t immediately respond. There is a sniffle.

“How can I help you?” Stuff like this was part of the job, but Alyne’s patience was wearing a little thin.

“I-I-I n-need to p-pee…” The caller was a woman, from her pitch Alyne placed her as somewhat young. Early twenties? It was hard to say exactly. Her voice was quiet, afraid, pleading.

“Try to hold on. Talk to me.” Alyne put her frustration aside for the time being.

“I can’t… Hold it a-any more…! It hurts…!” The woman yelps.

“Stay with me. You can hold it just a little longer. I’m here to help you.”

The woman makes a sound Alyne chooses to interpret as a continued effort to hold on. It could just have been a sob, though.

“I’m going to ask you some yes or no questions. Is that okay?”

“Mmh…!” Probably a yes.

“Are there any toilets available to you right now?”

“N-no…” A whisper.

“Has it been more than ten hours since you last urinated?”

“Yes…”

“Do you have access to anything you can pee into, like a portable toilet?”

“No…” She sucks in air. “I can’t, I-I can’t…!”

Alyne takes a breath. She didn’t anticipate she could do much to help the caller at this point. These kinds of calls – callers already at their limit and out of options – rarely ended well. Still, she always tried.

Alyne speaks with added emphasis. “I can help you, but I need more information. I’m going ask you a few questions. Please, try to hold on while you answer them.”

“O-okay… B-but…!”

“Where are you right now?”

“At a b-bus stop.” There is a pause. “It says P53 on it. I-I’m in Greenriver. Next bus leaves in a-an hour.”

Alyne does a quick check as the information is being conveyed. Absolute middle of nowhere. Toilet accessibility: zero.

“Do you have a receipt of relief for the last time you urinated? If you do, take a photograph of it and send it as a message to this number.” This was the most important bit.

“I… d-do.” There is some fumbling, presumably a bag. Alyne can pick up on the woman’s labored breathing and all the little vocalizations of someone who is at their limit she has gotten so very used to.

Alyne has her email inbox ready, and doesn’t wait for confirmation from the woman. The message arrives. Redirected message 18:46.

There is a voice behind Alyne. “Hey- um…” Erica, her coworker who was supposed to take over for her. The late relief.

Alyne raises an open hand without turning around. If Erica had anything to say for herself, it would have to wait until later. Tomorrow, probably. Alyne was finishing this call, then heading home immediately.

She opens the email message.

&&

Pretty unmistakable. A morning pee, at home.

“And you have not peed since then?”

“N-no…”

“Have you had any opportunities to pee during the day?”

“No, I-I’ve visiting an art exhibition for a university p-project. They didn’t have any toilets available. Then the first bus didn’t s-show up…!”

In Greenriver? It tracks.

“All right.” Alyne speaks slowly. “If you decide to urinate outside after this, you are going to be in trouble. But because you have spoken with a 030 agent and given the necessary details in advance, you are going to be in significantly less trouble than you would be otherwise. Do you understand what I am saying?”

“I… Oh, please… T-thank y-.” The woman’s breathing becomes more rapid.

“It’s the most I can do.” A smidge more than she should, actually. Encouraging public urination in any way, even indirectly, was not in her job description. “Ideally, try to hold on until you can pee where you are supposed to. Thank you for calling the oh-three-oh.” She ends the call. If the woman wets herself, she doesn’t want to hear it. If the woman squats and pees on the dirt, she definitely doesn’t want to hear it.

She ends the call and turns around. Erica is standing there, sheepishly.

“Um, I, sorry abou-”

“Why are you not in a call? I’m leaving now, we can talk about this later.”

Erica’s eyes go a little wide. “O-of course!” She hurriedly takes a seat.

Alyne hurries out of the office, passing by the employee bathroom while she grabs her things. She clicks her tongue disapprovingly, she would never consider using the bathroom at work unless she was seconds away from wetting herself.

Then, she starts heading outside. Traffic home better not drag.

