OMSA Biohazard Disposal

Author: DerivativeWings

*000*2023-07-03 13:09

CASE 1: MYCA [FEMALE]

OMSA mechanic Myca was desperate for a piss. Not like you would be on any of the homeworlds, like Earth or Mars. Not even desperate like you might get on any core or remote colonies, where modes of relief were sometimes very difficult to access. Myca was desperate in a way totally unique to the Observation and Maintenance Station Alpha on the hazard moon orbiting planet Urus. And because of the unique conditions of this station, Myca hadn’t peed in a ludicrous 1.9 Lunar Ikotetracycles, local time.

Health mandates generally recommended station workers to urinate at least once every 0.3 lunar cycles when possible, and an automated system would allow anyone who had not used a station restroom in 0.7 cycles or more bathroom over those who hadn’t. The reason Myca had not used the bathroom in such an absurd amount of time was related to a recent station emergency. There had been a fire in sector 4, docking and drone maintenance, and Myca had spent 0.9 cycles simply doing damage control together with the other mechanics. After they were able to mitigate the disaster, there were plenty of frantic 0.7 cycle+ station workers to go around, so Myca could not rely on that system to use the toilet ahead of schedule. Besides that, Myca was to bone-exhausted to do anything but to get some rest. When she had awoken 0.5 cycles later, her bladder had been screaming at her.

Given the toilets were still heavily trafficked at that time, Myca had entered herself into the remote queue system to use the bathroom as soon as possible. The system could only be used for individuals who had not urinated in 0.7 or more cycles, and would put a user into a queue and inform the them when their turn was coming up. To ensure the toilets would not be locked out because someone missed their turn, there was a timer and delay system in place, so generally you would need to show up while the person ahead of you in queue was using the toilet or your place in the queue would be pushed back. However, due to a technical error (which may or may have been related to the sector 4 fire), Myca lost her spot in the queue after missing her first window rather than being pushed back. As a result, she essentially needed to wait through the queue twice over all while her bladder became fuller and fuller.

Back to the present day, Myca stepped into one of the three OMSA station bathrooms with a bladder as hard as an Urus diamond. She needed immediate relief, and would gladly have wet herself if that was a possibility. The interior of the bathroom was completely white, with three notable features. The solid wall to the left of Myca had a hexagonal lattice pattern to distinguish it as a relief area, and to her right was a space like a solid desk, approximately sitting height, with the same lattice pattern. Right in front of Myca was a computer screen mounted on a flexible arm, the bathroom controls.

She quickly works the controls while squirming and massaging her massively overfull organ through her jumpsuit. After entering the correct values into the control; “urination” and “relief area 2”, the desk-like surface lights up indicating it is ready for use. Myca hastily unzips her work jumper and lets it drop to the floor, then lowers her underwear to her knees. Her naked body was that of a genotypical human, with two exceptions. The first, of course, being her rounded and impossibly bulging bladder. The second being the easy-to-miss translucent strip of material stuck to her pubic area, covering her pussy and anus. This was the cause of her agonies, a space material seal preventing the human biohazard release which was so dangerous on Urus Alpha, while allowing non-biohazard material to pass through. It could not be manually removed.

Myca quickly sits on top of the surface, which adapts its shape to perfectly fit her contours. After the material has settled, she operates the controls once again to lock herself in place temporarily as the toilet creates a perfect seal between her pee hole and the rest of the station so her polymer strip can be safely opened. Myca is used to sitting on the toilet like this, desperately waiting and wanting the red light to turn green. But this was, quite possible, the worst it had ever been. 

She had certainly never held it in for this long before, and she had to pee so badly she barely knew what to do with herself. If she could take off the strip herself and pee freely, dooming the entire station in the process, it was quite possible she would have done so already. The outer door hisses as several bulkheads and airlocks shut tight, limiting the catastrophic damage to a single room in case anything went horribly wrong. A notification on the control panel indicates that Myca’s bladder scan is complete, and that she is cleared for urination as soon as the airtight seal between her body and the machine is completed. There have been times in the past where Myca has checked the results of her own scan out of sheer curiosity, but not this time. She was too desperate, and she didn’t want to know.

The last step is for the strip of polymer to be dissolved while Myca’s pee-hole is completely sealed within the waste tank, and she urges it to hurry as she feels the slightly cool material against her nethers. Finally after what feels like an eternity, the lamp lights green indicating the process is completed and the system is ready to receive her waste. Myca reacts to the change so quickly, it almost feels like she starts urinating before the color of the light fully changes. Liters of biohazard material blasts out of her into the space below, with only the sound and sensation of relief as proof of what is happening. Myca gasps and moans with relief, and she was so absurdly full that it takes a full Earth minute before she can even feel her bladder start to deflate.

After her successful urination, Myca needs to stay seated for a little longer as her polymer seal is reapplied and she is safely disconnected from the biohazard chamber. Finally she can exit the station bathroom relieved, another mechanic hurriedly taking her place.

[END OF RECORD]

*005*2023-07-04 23:20

CASE: EDRIN [MALE]

OMSA biodome tender Edrin was stepping in place outside the bathroom. He had made a great miscalculation this cycle, taking in far too many drinks without realizing how busy the toilets would become. He had taken regular pees while staying well-hydrated for his work, which seems to have caused his kidneys to work more quickly than normal. This had led to his bladder becoming painfully full after the toilets suddenly became crowded, and with only 0.4 cycles since his last pee he could not cut the queue, or even join the queue for that matter. At 0.9 cycles, Edrin was close to crying from the pain as his bladder futilely attempted to empty itself again and again. Never before had he needed to pee as badly as he did now, and it was not like extended holds were uncommon on OMSA.

Fortunately, it was finally his turn to pee soon. Edrin stood outside the station bathroom, waiting for its occupant to leave. Another person stood behind him, an impatient-looking female mechanic. Edrin could not hide the fact that he was absolutely desperate to pee, but he was at least trying his best to not break down and become a complete mess. He was in such bad pain, he wanted to cry and beg. It was taking everything he had to retain even a shred of dignity.

It takes a while, far too long, but the previous occupant finally leaves the restroom and Edrin can enter. Inside, he impatiently manages the bathroom controls. He selects “relief area 1” and as soon as he’s made his selection he unzips and lowers his pants and underwear to fully expose his futilely-attempting-to-pee penis. It was coated in that special translucent polymer, giving the impression Edrin was wearing a condom. Moments later, the hexagonal pattern on the solid wall to Edrin’s left lit up, and a small hole opened up. 

As Edrin shakily walked towards the wall, the hole moved slightly as the room made adjustments to accommodate his height and overall physique. Edrin’s cock was throbbing hard, though not at all in a pleasurable way. Edrin gasped from the pain he was feeling down there, it was practically radiating from the base of it. As he slid his penis into the readied hole, he was seeing stars.

He still couldn’t pee though. He quickly using the control terminal to lock himself in place. Now, he would just need to wait for the system to set everything up. He willed it to hurry, it had to hurry. His bladder was bulging out so far that it occasionally touched the cool wall ahead of Edrin, and it felt like a thousand knives every time it did so. The door was hissing shut behind him. It needed to go faster, Edrin had to pee, he couldn’t take it anymore, his bladder needed to void, he was going to explode, his penis was going to explode, he had to let it out he had to let it out he had to let it out.

The control interface flashed red. Edrin blinked away tears to see what the error was, there couldn’t be any delays.

WARNING: URINE TANK INSUFFICIENT SPACE

Edrin moaned pitifully, tears still streaming down his face. He was shackled to this machine, and it wouldn’t even allow him to pee. His sides hurt and his legs were shaking. He touched the warning to display more information.

USER BLADDER: 2481ml

CONTAINMENT TANK: 2031ml

Edrin had to empty his bladder now. If he waited any longer, he was legitimately going to faint from the intense pain. This couldn’t be. He had to pee, he had to. Even if he couldn’t fully empty his bladder because the tank filled up, it just had to come out. A little bit, at the very least. Even through his intense desperation, Edrin was also frightened of what might happen if he overfilled the tank. As Edrin fell to pain and despair however, a new unseen presence entered the room.

A synthesized female voice spoke, which Edrin recognized as the voice used for in various other facilities of the station. It was integrated with several devices in the station, and could freely “move” between them to instruct station members and provide technical assistance. Because its consciousness was distributed, it could materialize in multiple different devices at once. As the voice spoke, its words also appeared in text form on the control interface.

“I see that you are distressed, human. To prevent harm, I will engage a manual override to allow your relief. However, before the manual override is fully engaged, it is important that you listen to and follow these warnings and instructions. As long as you do, your safety will be guaranteed and you will be able to urinate.”

Edrin sobbed with joy at the save, and nodded. Whatever the AI asked of him, he would comply if it let him relieve himself finally.

“The containment tank has some buffer space, which means it can be overfilled without becoming a hazard. However, for safety reasons you should still attempt to cut off the flow of your urination as soon as you can after the containment tank limit has been reached. Should you overfill the tank to the point where it might become a dangerous hazard, the system may forcibly cut your flow which can be unpleasant, but it is a necessary precaution.”

Edrin felt a flood of relief that he would be able to pee wholly safely. It gave him goosebumps, which was accompanied from a stabbing pain from her bladder. He was intensely thankful for the AI watching over him, but he needed it to allow him relief soon. Glancing again at the interface, he notices that the number next to USER BLADDER has now increased to 2482ml.

“Do you still want to activate the manual override, human? You can use your voice or the terminal.”

Edrin sobs out a “yes”, not finding the strength to operate the controls.

“In a few moments, you will be able to urinate. I urge you to hold on just a little longer, you have been strong.” The AI encourages him as Edrin finally feels the familiar sensation of chill against the tip of his penis. The polymer wrapping was being dissolved.

“You may urinate now, human.” It speaks just before the light turns green, indicating the process is completed. Edrin releases, finally voiding his massively overfilled bladder through the hole in the wall. He feels the urine leave him, blasting through his exhausted cock and safely entering the room on the other side. It feels absolutely incredible, sending shudders of pleasure all across his body. Initially the pressure in his bladder didn’t go down completely, and the brunt of the relief he felt was at the base of his penis which had been hurting him so badly. He was still hard even while peeing, so there was a coarse feeling accompanying the liquid coursing through him.

He leaned forwards while moaning from the incredible release. In doing so, he accidentally touches the cold wall with his bladder. It was still incredibly sensitive even though it didn’t hurt as much, and it causes Edrin tremble while moaning again, louder this time.

“It gladdens me that you have been relieved of some pain, human. The container has about a liter worth of space left, so be prepared to cut the flow.”

Edrin had been so engrossed in his total relief that he had almost forgotten the limited tank. He tentatively attempts stop himself from peeing in preparation for the real thing. His fierce pee goes from full blast to nothing in an instant, but maintaining this state takes incredible exertion. Edrin’s legs were shaking from the effort as he feels a hard line of urine attempt to push past his defenses and it takes less than a millicycle before he can’t anymore. A steady stream of fresh pee once again exits his body, with no way for him to stop it.

“I… I can’t…!” He can barely get the words out.

“Do not worry, human. It will be easier once your bladder has had more time to empty. If you cannot stop, I will assist you. But it is best if you can stop on your own.”

Edrin keeps pissing out a waterfall, and after a while attempts to stop again. It is easier this time, though his body still urges him to resume.

“H-how much left?”

“There is 300 milliliters of space left in the tank. Do you intend to stop urinating now?”

Edrin badly wanted to get those extra three hundred milliliters out of his system. But now that his bladder wasn’t so full as to drive him insane, his fear of the biohazard danger was starting to weigh heavily as well. And unlike the last time, he was now able to stop himself from peeing.

“G-go ahead and s-seal me up now. Better safe than sorry.”

“Very good, human.” Moments later, the cool material was wrapping around his penis on the other side of the wall. He was no longer able to freely pee.

“After you exit this bathroom, please inform anyone waiting outside that the tanks need to be replaced before they can use the toilet. I shall set the replacement routine into motion immediately. There have been some station issues recently, which has put this process on hold. However, these issues have been resolved and now that the tanks are completely full they are the highest priority. Replacing them may take up to half a cycle, so be prepared to hold tight.” Edrin was starting to really wish he had taken the opportunity to relieve himself of those last 300ml.

Finally, he is disconnected from the wall, and puts his clothes back in order. He was no longer mind-shatteringly desperate, but he still could really use a piss to fully empty his bladder. If he remembered his readings correctly, he should still be holding around 600 milliliters.

Exiting the room, the mechanic who had been after him in the queue immediately rushes past him while mouthing “oh thank god”. However, she quickly finds herself unable to open the door.

Edrin swallows nervously. “The, uh tanks are full. You won’t be able to use it for a while.” He feels another angry signal from his own bladder.

[END OF RECORD]

*009*2023-07-19 00:21

CASE: NETI [FEMALE]

OMSA mechanic Neti lay awake in bed. She wanted to sleep, because she needed time to pass. Several Decicycles ago, a station malfunction had kept her busy and away from the toilet until she was ready to piss an ocean. To reiterate; she had been ready to piss an ocean six decicycles ago. She’d had keep herself hydrated enough while working, so it’s not like her kidneys had been running dry. And that had been while she was working, and later waiting for her turn to use the bathroom when all the mechanics and engineers were queuing up. 

She’d made it to the end of the queue, it had been her turn. It had been a moment of great relief for her, the time when she could finally expel the captive liters kept within her bulging bladder. She would hook herself up to the system, it was all going to come out of her, she needed to pee worse than she ever had in her time on OMSA or in her life really, and now she was finally allowed to. Again, to reiterate, that had been six decicycles ago. It was back then Neti had been cruelly denied relief, as the storage tanks had apparently filled up completely and needed to be emptied.

And so she lay half-naked in her bed, desperately wishing for an escape from the prison of hurt her body had transformed into. A single tear rolled down the side of her face. She was in such exquisite pain. Oh, how she wanted to wet the bed. If there was any way, any bargain she could take which would allow her this mercy, she would take it in a heartbeat. Neti fantasized of ripping the polymer plug out of herself, tossing her blanked to the side, spreading her legs and peeing naked while still laying down. She felt that she would pee with enough force that it would hit the wall. Or at this point, maybe she could make it shoot all the way to the roof. But the despicable implement stayed lodged in her peehole. Even if it was possible for Neti to get it out, doing so would doom not just her but many aboard the station before the damage could be contained. In fact, maybe Neti held enough pee that she could destroy the entire station now. Her bladder bulged out like a mountain.

Neti could not sleep. For a long time now, her bladder had kept her in a state of half-conscious delirium, and it was becoming unbearable. She would nod off from exhaustion, only to shoot awake from the immense pressure as soon as her body started to relax. Neti got up, standing and walking was even more painful than lying down but she just couldn’t this anymore.

After putting on some softwear, she started wandering the station aimlessly. She found herself going into one of the non-biohazard restrooms. Unlike the complexity and procedure of the proper station toilets, these were simple earth toilets anyone could wander into. Neti stared at the porcelain achingly, knowing full well there was no way she could use it. These toilets were not for urination. Other forms of excretion and hygiene functions, such as pooping, could be handled here. It was only urine that caused such terrible problems on this moon.

Neti took off her pants and underwear, and sat down onto the toilet. She pushed, yet the plug was unrelenting. She was crying from the pain, weeping as her body did everything it could to empty her absurd bladder. It was impossible, physically impossible, but Neti was in such a bad state that she had no choice other than to keep trying. She could push out no liquid, regardless of how she strained. Because of how hard she was pushing, a sharp fart eventually rang out into the cavity below. It gave her absolutely no relief, and in fact it only made it worse as the harsh reverberations gave her melon of a bladder a tremble.

Neti couldn’t even push anymore. It was too frightening, and she was too exhausted. Her sensation of needing to pee was worse than any human was equipped to feel, and she was shutting down in order to protect herself from it. She was pulled back from the brink just in time by an automated message transmitted to her implants. It was a familiar message to her, but it meant more this time than it ever had in the past. Her turn with the station toilet was due. The tanks were ready once more.

Neti made her way over to biohazard disposal in a zombie-like fugue state. Her softpants and underwear had been left behind in the Earth toilet, perhaps because she could not stand applying any additional pressure to her bladder or simply because of her tunnelvision. Regardless of the reason, Neti made the walk butt-naked. Her shirt was far pushed up by her horribly bulging bladder, leaving her completely uncovered. Anyone who saw her abdomen, or her twisted facial expression, would immediately be able to tell what kind of problem she was having. Perhaps she was seen, perhaps not. In the moment, Neti only cared about one single thing.

She reaches the station toilet. Every part of the wait, doors opening, entering information into the control panel, waiting for the doors to close, it was all torture. But finally, finally, Neti is seated and there is only one thing left to happen. The seal was about to be removed. Neti grunts repeatedly as her body tries to pee again and again prematurely. After so many false starts, she doesn’t even realize when it’s time for the real thing at first. For that reason, it is barely even a trickle. Her bladder is so full it takes her a moment to realize it is even emptying. She groans and then her body starts peeing for real.

While Neti can’t see it, she can feel the tsunami she was releasing into the tank. It takes a while before she can even make a dent in her bladder, and even after that she is caught in a strange mixing of urinary urgency and relief. Tongue lolling from immense relief, she felt like a biomechanical goddess, her human bladder essentially connected to the “bladder” of the station itself. A broken part of her wanted to keep peeing forever, releasing inhuman amounts and not stopping until the tank was full once more. It was a twisted desire borne both of the pleasure she felt in that moment, as well as much more vindictive need to cause others to experience what she had felt.

Neti eventually empties to the point that, while she is still peeing at full blast, she is no longer utterly lost in the relief. She could now simply bask, totally content. She brings the control panel over to herself from her seated position. A morbid curiosity grips her, and she checks the data of the bladder scan the system performed on her pre-urination. Neti can’t help but gasp as she reads the number, though the gasp is somewhat distorted into a moan as she is still going strong. 4332ml. Much more than Neti had ever seen or heard anyone on the station speak of, sometimes a station member would pass 2 liters and be beyond themselves with desperation as a result. But Neti had never seen anything like this. Could a human even retain that much urine? No wonder it had driven her to near-insanity. It was more than double the amount when most station members would be in tears and begging, and more than quadruple of what would make most Earth citizens wet themselves.

After what feels like an entire cycle of nothing but peeing, Neti is finally done. She pushes out one last squirt, then undocks from the toilet after getting her polymer reapplied. The sighs, feeling sore all over and exhausted. Then, starts blushing profusely as she realizes she doesn’t have anything to cover herself with beyond her softshirt. Given the fact that the toilets had been offline for as long as they had, there was undoubtedly someone waiting on her outside…

[END OF RECORD]

