Kira and Jordan: A Match Made in Heaven!

Author: Daredare205

*000*2025-03-17 12:31

I will be continuing this story in the comments. I will link each comment directly below this line so you can skip directly to any part of the story in case you're coming back after already having read through previous part(s). I make no guarantee of posting continuations of specific stories within this thread, but will definitely consider it if public opinion is high enough and the inspiration is there.

Each post/continuation will have its own flag at the beginning, stating whether it's only vanilla omorashi, or if there are other themes involved as well.

###

Dunk Tank Desperation: Outcome 1: Indoor Forest "Accident"

This post contains nudity and sexual interactions as well as omorashi.

Kira had just turned 18. She was known for her reputation as one of the popular girls in school because she had access to her parents' ridiculous mountain of money. She was 5’ 11”, slim, D-cup breasts hidden behind a black bikini bra with red outlines, toned stomach and very visible V where her tummy met her thighs. Her perfectly round butt was hidden behind a black bikini bottom with red strings. She had decided not to wear a visor or hat, allowing the sun to fill up her hypnotic blue eyes. Her brown hair was neatly combed and pulled into a ponytail that reached the bottom of her shoulder blades.

On this day, her given seat was the oh so familiar fall away seat of her parent's dunk tank at the local riverside festival. There was only one problem. It was quite hot in the afternoon sun, and nobody had managed to dunk her since 9:00 that morning when the air was still crisp and the water was cold. She knew the dunk tank challenge was difficult with the three separate targets that all need to be hit in only five attempts, but she didn't expect to be sitting there without being dunked a single time for more than four hours. She'd been trapped on that hard plastic seat for so long she felt like it was starting to fuse with her thighs. She thought about just leaving, but then she wouldn't get that $100 from her parents.

It was so hot and so boring, she just kept throwing $5 bills at her friends so they'd go buy her flavored teas and fancy sodas. Her grand drinking expedition had begun at 11am when she first got terribly bored, and it didn't seem like it would be stopping anytime soon. It was now 2:00 pm, two more hours until she could vacate the cold, hard plastic seat that trapped her above the nice, cold water waiting below. A chill ran down her spine as her bladder raised its voice to complain. Was she going to regret having all those drinks? She knew she needed to keep drinking to stay hydrated in the summer heat, but could her bladder hold out another two hours? All she wanted was for someone to win this stupid game and dunk her so she could relieve herself in the water below.

Kira looked at her watch. 2:15 pm. She swore it would've been 3:00 pm by now. But wait, here comes Jordan, the #1 pitcher in the local baseball team! Surely his incredible pitching skills would allow him to win the dunk tank game. He looked up at the girl in the tank, he knew her from somewhere… Where did he know her from? He scratched his head as he forced his mental gears to start turning again after a day of goofing off in the hot afternoon sun.

Jordan raised his hand and snapped his fingers. “Kira, from the softball team?”

“I'm surprised you remember me! We haven't talked in almost three years.” Responded Kira, her desperation being replaced with the excitement of catching up with old friends.

“I noticed you stopped coming to the baseball games when you started your senior year. Did you lose interest in the game?”

“Well, actually, I'd been going to the baseball games to watch how the boys play. I used that info to make myself more aggressive on the softball team… But then my parents told me that wasn't proper and I should just practice softball, so that's what I did. Gotta listen if I want that sweet green paper.”

“That's fair. Will you be coming to see the finals in the eastern city?”

“Yeah, I can come up with some excuse for why I want to see that game in particular.”

“I'll be waiting to see you there.”

“Sounds good, I can't wait! How about giving me a little demonstration now? All you gotta do is use those five balls to hit these three targets.”

“You know, five balls is way too many for just three targets.” Jordan handed his 75 cents to the kind lady beside the booth and asked her to only give him two balls. “How about we make this exciting?”

Jordan picked up the first ball and tossed it about a foot in the air. He did this several times before he turned around and walked away, putting an extra 5 feet between him and the targets.

Kira chuckled. “You're going to dunk me with only two balls, from that far away? If you can manage that, I'll do anything you want.” Kira knew, just as well as everyone else around, that what Jordan was about to attempt was impossible.

Jordan walked up to the tank and motioned for Kira to lean towards him. He whispered something to her, causing her face to flush before she began to protest. He reminded her that she'd promised him anything he wanted if he could pull it off. Kira seemed very uncomfortable before she remembered the truth of the situation. He couldn't pull this off if his life depended on it. The challenge was simply impossible.

Jordan smiled something nasty before once again retreating to his far away position. At this point, many nearby festival goers had stopped to watch the master pitcher try to hit three targets with only two balls, and from even further away than the recommended throwing position.

Jordan once again tossed the ball up in the air a few times before a serious look came over his face. His body moved like a professional, perfect coordination between his upper and lower body propelled the ball at big league speeds as it rocketed towards the center target. Bulls eye, smack in the middle! A resounding clang was heard throughout the area as the target moved back so fast it shook in place after clicking into its set position. Kira felt a click in the mechanism behind the chair she was seated on.

The kind lady handed Jordan his second ball. He once again tossed it in the air a few times before making his impressive pitch. The ball hit the target on the right, knocking it into its set position as the ball shot right at Kira’s face! She covered her face, only for the ball to hit the brace at the corner of the booth and fly right at the left target. It couldn't be. There was no way this was actually happening.

The collision between the ball and the left target was not hard, but it was enough to push the target into its set position. A pair of clicks came from the mechanism behind Kira and she suddenly became weightless before falling into the nice, cool water below. The sound of her splashing into the pool below her cut through the silence that had blanketed the area.

Jordan had done it. He’d set three targets with only two balls, and he'd done so from unreasonably far away. Kira couldn't believe it, and neither could many of the others around. She was glad for the noise of the cheering, as they masked her moans of desperation. There she was, in the water she'd longed to use for her afternoon pee break… But she'd made a promise, and now she had to honor that promise. She couldn't pee until after her shift ended. Her bladder loudly protested against this and became infuriated. She had to fight back just to avoid wetting herself right there and then.

After a moment to regain her composure, she climbed back up on the hard plastic seat and the sun began to dry the water from her skin. It wouldn't be long before she was roasting in the summer sun once more.

There was no way Kira could have predicted just how well Jordan knew how to play his game. He had spread the word of the poor girl stuck in the dunk tank with nothing to drink in the hot summer sun. Someone had placed a small stand next to the dunk tank, and many were bringing her drinks and placing them on the stand. Kira knew she needed the drinks, she had already had a few hot flashes in the sun, and she really didn't want any of what was going on with her to get any worse. Those ice cold sports drinks and expensive festival drinks were calling her name loud and clear and she had no choice but to answer, she could feel the weakness of dehydration just over the horizon.

She started with a sports drink. It was small enough and had lots of vitamins, electrolytes, and antioxidants. Unfortunately, upon finishing her sports drink, she was left only feeling thirsty for more. She told herself she would wait for the feeling to pass as she waited for the actual hydration from the drink to kick in. Unfortunately for poor Kira, the sensation did not pass. What started as a simple craving for more drinks had turned into a full blown need. Her body was screaming at her for more drinks, otherwise overheating in the summer sun wouldn't be her only issue.

She grabbed one of those expensive festival drinks. It was sweet and tangy at the same time! Everything about it felt right! Before she knew it, she had downed the whole thing. She even found herself performing an overly animated "aaahhhhh" of delight before chucking the empty container over the side of the dunk tank's plexiglass sides and hearing the clang of landing a perfect hole in one in the trash can just off to the side. She had completely forgotten about her bladder, which was now visible on her lower abdomen as a baby pumpkin pushing forth from within her toned V from all her summer swimming.

Alissa, one of Kira's good friends from school, had seen Kira behaving oddly ever since she had the sports drink. She picked up the sports drink that had been discarded on the ground next to the dunk tank. Alissa began reading the label "Vitamin this... Mineral that... Electrolyte #177 something or other..." It all looked pretty normal, although the amount of ingredients did seem a bit excessive. Alissa asked Kira if she was feeling alright, and Kira answered by throwing her hands in the air and declaring that she was having a great time! Her shift would be over in less than 2 hours and she would get $100 from her parents! Something about this answer seemed off to Alissa, but she just waived it off as excitement in the moment. After all, everyone knew Jordan was Kira's 'secret' crush. Alissa figured Kira just didn't want to tell her that Jordan had something to do with the extra fuel in her overexcitement.

Alissa went off to reunite with the rest of her high school friends group over at the musician's stage where the band playing something old school was actually sounding pretty good to the younger crowd right about now. Alissa joined the crowd and reunited with her friends before dancing with the rest of the crowd. In the happy relief of the moment, Alissa completely forgot about how strange Kira had been acting and walked to the nearest trash can to discard the strange sports drink. As she was about to throw the bottle away, one of her friends caught her trying to throw the drink away in secret. The confrontation proved a bit awkward…

Kelsey looked at Alissa with a mischievous grin and chuckled to herself before finally letting the words fall out of her mouth through her laughter. “Hey, Alis… heheheh… Alissa, did you really… hahahahhahaha… Did you really drink that? AHAHAHAHAHAHA!”

Alissa looked at Kelsey in confusion. “No, Kira did. It was beside her dunk tank and she was acting strange so I figured I’d look up the drink, but Google didn’t find anything noteworthy so I’m throwing it out.”

Kelsey briefly stopped laughing, then laughed harder! She doubled over, wrapping her arms under her stomach as her belly laugh turned into something uncontrollable that left her rolling on the ground laughing her everloving ass off. “You really don’t know what that is?”

“Uh… No… No I don’t.” Sighed Alissa.

“You said you only Googled it? A girl your age should know to check Twitter and TikTok before assuming the information isn’t available.”

“Okay, so I’m assuming you can tell me what it is?"

“Of course I can! My boyfriend and I drink those when we want to… Have more than just traditional fun…” Kelsey wore a shit eating grin as she repeatedly drove her elbow into Alissa while giggling something nasty.

Alissa laughed something evil as she completely misunderstood Kelsey’s meaning. “So you’re saying this makes people horny at any time?”

Kelsey had to stop multiple times throughout her explanation to stifle the laughing… “No no no it’s nothing that basic. Yes, it mainly contains ingredients found in most sports drinks, but it’s got a lot of boosters and mental stimulants that are broken down and listed as individual ingredients so you don’t realize what kind of drink it really is. Long story short, it masks your bodily needs and turns everything into a game. If she drank the whole thing, that’s more than enough to also take away her sense of fear, pain, embarrassment, and humiliation.”

Alissa chuckled to herself as she processed what she had just heard. She thought to herself ‘Kira’s always so formal, so professional… Does she even know how to act when those are taken away from her?’ The only thing that actually came out of her mouth was “This is gonna be good!”

For several minutes, Alissa and Kelsey continued laughing to the point that Alissa nearly wet herself from all the excitement! She was forced to excuse herself as the wetness taunted her to release the rest of all those afternoon drinks that were no longer remaining quiet within her bladder. Luckily, there wasn’t much of a line to the ladies’ room and she didn’t know anyone in line, so she was free to discreetly hold herself and shift around to keep her need at bay. Finally, it was her turn! 

She rushed into the stall, ripped her hot shorts and sexy panties down as her ass slammed against the seat. Her bladder was already beginning to give in when someone knocked on the stall, begging to go first. It was no use, her stream started to blast out of her with unnatural force. The feeling of relief came over her as she felt her body relax and her head get light. She felt she was probably halfway done when she heard it: the tapping of feet and repeated knocking on the stall door had gone silent. The sharp, desperate breaths had been replaced by an eerie silence… Then it started… Pitter patter… Pause for dramatic effect… Pittar patter… 

Then nothing again… HISSSSSSS! The sound of a water bottle being dumped on the floor was unmistakable. But the puddle on the floor… It definitely wasn’t from a water bottle… The intense stream broke into small streams as it flowed over the girl’s ankles and spread out on the floor just outside the stall door. A sense of sympathy came over Alissa as she remembered being in the same situation at the mall a few years back. The stupid map at the center of the mall was poorly designed and the bathrooms were annoyingly hard to find. By the time she made it to the mall’s restrooms, the line was too much for her to endure.

She begged to be let to the front of the line as she bounced and held herself desperately as her face burned bright red. The crowd obliged with mixed facial expressions and she was let to the front of the line, but it was no use. The sound of the person currently using the mall toilet was too much for her poor bladder and the boiling hot wetness began to escape her. She escaped from her… Embarrassingly sexy memory as her stream in the toilet currently beneath her began to subside and relief faded as she just wanted to go back to her friends and head over to watch Kira in the dunk tank, and probably laugh their asses off at whatever dumb shit Kira would end up doing in the final hour and fifteen minutes of her dunk tank shift.

As Alissa flushed and exited the stall, she caught a glimpse of the girl with the soaked skirt rushing out of the restroom’s entrance… Something about the girl’s smile hidden behind her burning hot embarrassment and her overly bouncy dash out of the restroom made Alissa wonder if the girl had enjoyed her accident in a very personal way… Didn’t matter… By the time Alissa finished washing her hands and returned to her friends, the strange girl was long gone.

Alissa told Kelsey and the rest of their group about the strange girl in the restrooms. The strangest part was that the girl wasn’t in line at all when Alissa had been waiting for her turn. She must’ve waited until the last moment on purpose and then made a dash for the toilet, convinced the others to let her go first, and just not been able to wait her turn while Alissa had her relief. And the way she was hiding some sort of enjoyment from it… Perhaps she had done it on purpose… The group chuckled, silently wishing they would bump into the strange girl again.

Meanwhile, the group was heading towards the dunk tank with the precision of a cruise missile heading towards its target. None of the festival stands got in their way, the crowd didn’t even slow them down, it was strange. When they arrived at their destination, they found something rather strange… Kira was doing jumping jacks on the small plastic seat built into the dunk tank! She nearly fell off several times, but she seemed to have some sort of sixth sense for keeping her feet right on the edges of the seat without slipping off. 

The red outlines of her black bikini seemed to streak through the air like some sort of slow motion painting as her D-cup boobs that had been resting peacefully in her black bikini were now bouncing furiously as sweat ran down her body. She wore a shit eating grin as her cheeks burned bright red. Even in the hot summer sun, her breath seemed almost visible as it poured out of her in a careful, measured rhythm. Whatever was going on, the girl had found a rhythm that just couldn’t be broken.

Suddenly she stopped, pointing at a hot dude in the crowd who had his hand raised like a school student. The young man spoke in an excited manner: Ten backflips in a row! No breaks! He then put $5 on the table in front of the dunk tank. Kira responded by performing eight perfect backflips in a row. Her body moved so smoothly it was like she had been practicing this for years… Actually… The group started to whisper among themselves… Did any of them actually know what Kira did when she wasn’t at parties or in online study groups? That’s right! She had all these awards on her bedroom walls! Gymnastics, competitive swimming, track and field, MMA, taekwondo, jujitsu, the list goes on… Yes, Kira had done it all, and won it all.

As she propelled herself into her ninth backflip, the sweat flying from her body as she was curled midair for everyone to see her perfectly toned thighs and amazingly perfect ass in that black and red bikini, a dizzy spell suddenly struck. As she continued to flip, instead of her flipping through the air, the world seemed to be flipping around her. She landed on the back of the seat, hands grabbing onto anything they could reach, and then it happened… She grabbed what she thought was a brace, but as soon as she began to pull herself up, the ‘brace’ clicked into place and the seat fell.

She fell through the air and splashed into the water below with none of her usual grace. The water parted, then crashed back together against her abdomen. Her bladder was smacked by the water slamming into her stomach like a liquid sledgehammer and begged for release, attempting to force a leak, but her mind didn’t listen. Her sphincter remained closed furiously tight as she reset the seat and pulled herself back up, completely unaware she was well beyond her bladder’s normal limits. If it weren’t for the strange sports drink, she would have wet herself long ago, but here she was, completely fine, despite her 800ml bladder currently holding back over 1,500ml of boiling hot piss begging for release, her mind blissfully unaware of the desperate need brewing in her lower body.

In the distance, Jordan watched in secret from within the crowd surrounding a collection of specialty food trucks. A wild grin had been stretched across his face the entire time. He was glad for his rugged pants that kept his raging boner away from the public eye. His sunglasses hid the lust in his eyes as his mind studied the size of Kira’s bladder bugle. She had to be at nearly twice her limit by now. All he had to do was show up at the end of her shift and offer to take her home. Seeing as she had drank the ‘sports drink’ at roughly 2pm, her mind should remain unaware of her mind until roughly 10pm, and he intended to take full advantage of all the time available after her shift ended at 4pm. Speaking of which, his watch was about to strike 3:30pm. It wouldn’t be long now, and that was good, because both his mind and body NEEDED to have her in his warm embrace as soon as possible.

Back at the dunk tank, Kira was attempting some sort of twirling jump that involved spinning around midair, kicking while upside down, and then landing back on the seat and bowing to the audience. This went about as well as one would expect. She came crashing down before she could complete her flip, missed the seat completely, and landed in the water below. As soon as she was back up, she reached for another sweet and tangy festival drink to replace the sweat that had been leaving her throughout her “exercise session”. As she chugged the drink, still unaware of her urgent need to empty her bladder hours ago, her eyes continued to gleam. She hadn’t expected a tip jar. She was just a random girl in a dunk tank, but here she was with over $200 in the tip jar that had been started in her name.

“She’s like a completely different person” said Alissa, scrolling through her phone as she browsed for the cheapest way to obtain irresponsible amounts of the strange sports drink that had driven Kira to become… The new unshackled version of Kira…

The last thirty minutes went by in the blink of an eye for Kira, who had been practicing the midair twirl over and over until she got it right three times in a row. Another round of sweat filled exercise, another festival drink. As she finished her drink and her alarm went off, a staff member came and unlocked the back of the dunk tank and Kira literally jumped out, falling the four feet between the seated platform and the ground before landing gracefully. Kelsey winced when she saw the way Kira’s bladder bulged, stretched and freaked out as Kira’s stuck the landing perfectly and ran to get her extra long black lace cardigan to cover her bikini.

As Kira threw the cardigan over herself, the crowd began to disperse. There was no official announcement, but everyone knew the show was over. As people started disappearing into the rest of the excitement as the bands switched and something that sounded more like road trip classic rock started playing, Jordan made his way to Kira. He stopped a few feet short from her, waiting for her to finish doing something on her phone before she looked up. Her eyes found Jordan, who had removed his sunglasses and was eyeing her up with a mischievous grin, and her mind began to race! 

Her crush was standing right in front of her, and he looked genuinely happy… Perhaps excited in a more personal way? With her mind in a state of pleasure filled mania, Kira completely forgot about her tip jar, or even collecting payment for her dunk tank shift. She ran to Jordan, jumping into his strong arms! He took a series of steps that started a rotation as if he was dancing, twirling around as Kira swung in the air around him. Their eyes were full of sparkles and their hearts were full of something between crush-love and primitive lust.

Kira continued to giggle to herself as her mind attempted to understand how anyone could look as perfect as Jordan did. Meanwhile, Jordan collected her $100 payment for her dunk tank shift and dumped out her tip jar. He counted the tip money… $335! That brought her to just under $500 total for a single day in a dunk tank! He put the money in a zipped bag with Kira’s name on it and placed it in one of his cargo pockets before buttoning the pocket closed once more. He looked at Kira with lustful pleasure in his eyes.

“Wanna go for a ride?” Jordan pointed to some hills starting to show a slight shadow as the sun moved towards its afternoon resting position, ready to start its lazy drop below the horizon and signal the transition into evening. “The sunset looks best from the top of the hills over there.”

Kira’s eyes filled with excitement and she jumped higher than anyone should be able to as she shouted HELL YEAH! She always wanted to go for a ride in Jordan’s tricked out convertible, but had never managed to build up the courage to ask him.

Jordan pulled Kira towards him as they jogged through the crowd, their hands interlocked in a tender yet tight hold. They moved through the crowd and his car stood out like a diamond in a field of black rocks. A 2004 Audi TT, originally a 225 with the 1.8 liter straight four. It was now heavily modified to suit his driving style: more aggressive suspension, upgraded sway bars, a flexible strut brace under the hood that wasn’t one big rigid piece like the original one, polyurethane bushings all around, big brakes with drilled and slotted rotors inside red BREMBO calipers. 

The wheels were open, with a number of thin spokes that allowed lots of air to those massive brakes and provided a solid seat for the Michelin Pilot Sport 4S tires wrapped around them. Under the hood, the original 1.8 liter straight four, factory turbocharged and rated for 225hp had been replaced with a VR6 fed by twin Garrett turbos fitted with whistle rings, giving them the old school whistle of the Garrett brand while providing the performance and reliability of the newer models. This monster breathed fire and shoved over 500hp through the stage 3 clutch before that power propelled the car at irresponsible speeds. From the side skirts, sports bumpers, upgraded rear wing, to the autocross seats complete with 5 point harnesses, everything about this car screamed speed.

Kira continued to stare at the car, this masterpiece of irresponsible speed, and her mind raced with how much fun she was about to have! Jordan opened the passenger door and Kira sat down, forcing her bladder into a position it really didn’t appreciate. Still, Kira remained blissfully unaware of the massive flood in her abdomen. The harnesses proved to stump Kira, who had managed to pull the right shoulder strap down and click it into the spot meant for the right waist strap. She continued to fiddle with the foreign harness setup for a moment while Jordan watched as her body moved back and forth… Her perfect boobs danced every time she made a frustrated noise and leaned back against the seat before trying again. Finally, he reached over and connected the harness correctly. He made sure to jostle her in the process, observing that the drink was still in full effect and she remained unaware of her dangerously overfilled bladder.

He started the engine of his fire breathing monster. The monster under the hood that had just been awakened had yet to brush the sleepers from its eyes, and the vibrations of a cold start flowed through the floorboard and into the seats. Many would consider this a car, a machine, but for Jordan it was a living extension of his passion for speed. Kira was in a world only she could describe. The sounds and sensations of the vehicle in which she sat seemed to awaken a curiosity for what was possible. Jordan told her he would take it easy at first, after all, Onyx needed time to finish waking up and get everything up to a good temperature.

“Onyx?” Questioned Kira.

“That’s this beautiful girl’s name” Stated Jordan, running his hand over the steering wheel as if feeling the car out for the first time. A shift in the tone of the flywheel could be heard as he depressed the clutch pedal. His hand barely touched the shifter and it immediately went right into 1st gear with a resounding click. Kira had feared that a machine like this would be wild, difficult to control, but Jordan’s smooth and gentle start proved her dead wrong. They hit the back roads out of the town and started climbing the hill to watch the sunset

From time to time, Jordan looked over to see the harness digging into her abdomen, forcing her bladder out of the way as it held her securely in the seat. One particularly strong seam in the road disturbed his perfect rhythm, causing a wobble at over 100mph on the narrow country road. Both were jostled in their seats. Of course, Jordan had the wobble under control and taken care of before it could truly finish getting started. This sort of gentle driving and impossible precision at such high speed was what he was known for. Many seemed to believe that driving fast meant driving hard: slamming on the pedals and throwing the steering around, but Jordan knew better. He knew that the true secret to speed was a mastery of momentum and balance, and that meant driving as smoothly as possible.

He was a master of driving slow cars faster than anyone had thought possible, so when he was behind the wheel of a capable machine like Onyx, his skills brought forth a synergy with the car’s high potential that few could truly achieve. Books, movies, and works of pop culture often use the phrase “car and driver as one”, but nobody could truly control a heavy piece of metal connected to the ground only by rubber tires anywhere near as precisely as they could control their own limbs… However, when Jordan drove Onyx, something similar seemed to happen. He and his car had a bond formed by calculated modifications meant for control rather than sheer power, and he had spent over a decade refining his driving behind the wheel of Onyx. He had such a perfect synergy with Onyx that the two may as well have come off the same assembly line.

Another uphill corner marked to slow down to 25mph. Another perfect heel-toe downshift caused the oh so familiar pop and bang out of the twin tailpipes as Onyx slipped effortlessly into 4th gear during gentle braking. Bringing Onyx down to 90mph, Jordan’s body remained an extension of the fire breathing monster as he briefly bumped the wheel gently to the right before returning it to center. The rotation began, not enough to get the car sideways, just enough to feel it in their backs against the seats.

A little bit of gas, and Onyx gently leaned back. The rear squatted slightly downwards as the front remained pointed against the hill like a predator ready to pounce. The turbos transitioned from a gentle whistle to a combination of whooshing and howling, and the car’s all-wheel-drive system dug into the pavement with precise acceleration. The sharp uphill 180° turnaround may as well have been a straightaway considering the minimal amount of effort Jordan had spent getting from the lower shelf of the hill to the upper shelf at the exit of the turnaround.

They were now above the hill’s shadow and the evening sun spilled into the open convertible and warmed their skin. The forest was less dense up here, and in the distance, a mansion could be seen. Kira couldn’t help but notice the lack of any additional roads on the upper half of the hill, and they were headed straight towards the mansion tucked into the sun threatening to set without them if they didn’t get there quickly. Jordan put his foot down, accelerating past 150mph as he maxed out 4th gear and transitioned into 5th.

His control between gears was so smooth that nobody would even know he drove a manual car unless they saw him moving the gear stick from one gear to another. Onyx approached redline in 5th gear, and Jordan didn’t even look at the gauges at all. He heard Onyx’s voice and effortlessly shifted into 6th as they continued to accelerate. 180mph, 190mph, 200mph, Perhaps even 210mph, but then the rev limiter struck like a voice from the gods telling the car to go no faster and they stopped accelerating at 205mph.

Jordan applied the brakes, first gently, then working his way to moderate braking as he brought his fire breathing missile on four wheels down to 40mph. Even under such prolonged braking, the brakes themselves never made a single sound. In fact, the tire noise against the pavement was the loudest part. He brought Onyx to a gentle stop just in front of a staircase that led up to the mansion’s massive front doors. Kira couldn’t believe her eyes! Jordan, her crush who she could never actually approach, was filthy stinking rich?!!

Jordan released his harness, got out, walked to Kira’s door and opened it before he released the harness that had kept her planted in her seat. Kira continued to stare forward in a state of shock and amazement. Her mind was in a trance of sheer bewilderment and her body simply wouldn’t move. Jordan stood beside her, admiring the way the soon to be sunset seemed to fill her brilliant blue eyes with a pleasant warmth. Finally, she realized the harness had been removed and stepped out of the car. 

As the two began to climb the stairs to the mansion, the tinging of metal continued as the fire breathing monster of precise speed began to cool off under the hood. After their drive, it was now 8:30pm. Jordan gripped the large, delicately carved handle of the massive door and swung it open with practiced ease. The mansion was somehow even more amazing on the inside! A large open room with exquisite decorations on every surface, just enough to make the walls look well filled, but not so much that it looked excessive. In the distance, a large doorway with a rounded top revealed the entrance to a massive library.

The two stepped through the mansion’s front entrance and Kira began exploring, but was stopped when Jordan reminded her that the best view of the sunset was on the raised platform by the pool on the roof. The two began climbing one of two massive curved staircases, going up three stories each taller than the average house, and then Jordan opened a decorative door at the end of the hallway that was connected to the top of the staircase. The evening air, warm and refreshing, poured in as the barely beginning sunset shined back from the pool, which had to be the size of at least three Olympic swimming pools. Kira stood in a sort of trance as she admired the sunset.

Jordan watched the sunset as well, but he also watched the way the changing lighting filled Kira’s eyes as they continued to overflow with amazement. Finally, the sun finished setting and the rooftop lighting kicked in. Jordan pressed some buttons on a nearby control panel built into the wall near the rooftop door that led back into the hallway, and pump noise began to stir just beneath the roof under their feet. On the far side of the pool, a series of water slides awakened as the perfectly clear liquid began to run down their perfectly clean surfaces. Something stirred within Kira and her hand moved to her abdomen. Perhaps she was starting to feel her bladder, which was now positively overflowing with over two liters of boiling hot piss?

Can’t have that! Jordan needed to keep her distracted until he had made his move. He began to strip down to only short, tight fitting swim shorts. Kira’s eyes were glued to his perfectly toned body that had just been revealed. She imagined being able to grind meat against his muscles. Before she could even think, she found herself removing her cardigan. She instinctively followed Jordan as he jogged to a covered slide that spiraled down to the pool below. He gestured for her to go first, and she grabbed the overhead bar as Jordan gently pushed her into the covered spiral. Her laughter filled the plastic spiral as Jordan also swung into the waterslide. Being significantly heavier than Kira, Jordan quickly caught up to her and placed his hands around her core as his legs spread outside hers. They exited the waterslide and fell not even a foot into the pool below. The water was perfect! Not warm, not cold, it was just right.

Despite the amazing feelings Kira was experiencing, she felt herself being dragged to a sensation in her lower abdomen. Her bladder had swollen into a full sized bowling ball and was pushing her bikini bottom out of the way as it pushed outwards. She snapped back to reality, the sports drinks’ spell finally breaking. She was absolutely dying for the biggest piss she’d ever taken!

“Don’t let go in the pool!” Jordan called out, seeing the scene playing out in front of him.

“I can’t! I can’t take it!” Kira called out, one hand treading water as the other applied fierce pressure to her screaming pussy.

Jordan quickly made his way to her, pressing a fist into her girlhood and kissing her on the lips. “How about now? Think you can hold it long enough to get out of the pool? For me? Please?” The words flowed from his mouth like a spell.

Kira’s mind had only one option: fight with everything she had and contain the flood, even if only for a little bit longer. Her tortured bladder continued to scream, her mind no longer deaf to its calls. Tears formed in her eyes, yet her cheeks were burning hot with passion. What a contradiction… She couldn’t explain what she was feeling, all she knew was that it was amazing! The two swam slowly, carefully, to the shallow end of the pool. There were no stairs, no ladders, just a gentle slope that led out of the pool and up onto the rooftop.

Finally out of the pool, Jordan asked her if she could last just a little bit longer. He promised a pleasant surprise if she could hold out just until they were in the bathroom. Kira nodded, although she wasn’t really unsure if she could hold it even just another couple seconds. Her body shook, her cheeks burned red hot, her breath carried the heat of passion, and behind her, Jordan’s massive boner threatened to tear through his irresponsibly tight swim shorts. The two went back inside. Progress was slow. Kira could barely move with such a strong need to release her flood.

The stairs proved to be an impossible challenge for her. She gripped the railing, her body weak and shaking, and despite her desperate grip on her throbbing pee hole, despite every muscle in her body working overtime and then some, a hot whimper escaped her lips as a pitter patter began on the stairs beneath her. She remembered Jordan’s promise. She didn’t know how she managed to stop the stream, but now that her bladder had tasted the beginnings of even a slight leak, it truly fought with a force she had never felt before! Her entire body shuddered continuously as her breath came in short, desperate bursts.

Jordan knew the signs she was displaying. She couldn’t last another second like this. He quickly picked her up and carefully placed her on his shoulders. Her throbbing, overheated pussy was now pressed against his perfectly toned neck.

“Now, now, you’re not going to pee on me, are you?” His tone was somehow both commanding and playing at the same time.

Kira could only whimper in response. Her current position prevented her from pressing a hand into her crotch. Her legs shook against his frontside, her core shuddered behind his head, and her desperation somehow only continued to climb. She didn’t even know anyone could ever get this desperate. She couldn’t hold it at all, she had already started to have an accident, yet somehow she had stopped it, and now, her only hope of keeping it that way was to keep enormous pressure on her burning hot pussy. She didn’t have time to think about what she was doing or how Jordan would feel. Her only option was to thrust forward, use all her strength to keep her throbbing pussy pressed hard against the back of his neck. Jordan didn’t know he could get this hard. His downstairs was beyond extra… It was extra extra, no, it was… SUPER EXTRA!

He took the stairs as carefully as he could while also keeping a good pace. Finally reaching the bottom of the stairs and reaching a large open space, he turned to a doorway on his right. The doors were large, sealed with what looked to be heavy duty weather sealing. He pressed a couple buttons on a control panel and the sound came through the doors… Rain. Raindrops falling on the ground. That was it, Kira’s hold began to crumble. A short, powerful spurt escaped, filling her bikini bottom and warming the back of Jordan’s neck. Jordan smiled something sinister, reminding Kira that she wasn’t allowed to pee on her.

Kira could only whimper “I’m sorry, I truly can’t take it” between panicked breaths.

Jordan did not give a response. He swung the massive doors open and what was inside was something that simply couldn’t be inside a house, no matter how big or complicated the house was! It was a whole rainforest, complete with real living trees and a beautiful mix of Amazonian plants and exotic flows!

Jordan walked in, still holding Kira over his shoulders. Her body couldn’t take this at all! Her mind, her very soul refused to have an accident on his shoulders, but her body just couldn’t withstand this kind of torture!

Panic overcame her and she barely managed to form a sentence full of words spoken so quickly that Jordan had no idea how he actually managed to understand what she was saying. “PUT ME DOWN PUT ME DOWN I’M GONNA PEE MYSELF I CAN’T TAKE IT I CAN’T TAKE IT!”

Jordan did not put her down. He moved to a pond to his right and stepped in. As his feet rested on the bottom, only a mere two inches deep, Kira’s heart sank. That wasn’t enough water to hide an accident!

Jordan removed Kira from his shoulders and slipped a hand under her bikini bottom. He provided more than enough pressure to contain any liquid that could try to escape her bladder. Kira was in a heaven of contradiction! She had to pee so bad she couldn’t take it, but she felt so good at the same time! She was high on the contradiction! Her hand moved to Jordan’s irresponsibly large bulge and her mouth watered as she stroked his member, or at least as much as she could reach with his swim trunks still in the way.

The words flowed out of Jordan’s mouth like a pleasant song. “I’ll help you remove your bikini, but only if you stroke me good enough to put my entire body in heaven.”

Kira didn’t need to be told to do this. Her eyes were practically bulging out of her skull as Jordan lowered his shorts, then pulled them off completely. His member was pulsing, literally jumping in anticipation! He removed Kira’s bikini bottom as she began stroking his throbbing member! He was in heaven! He’d dated plenty of rich girls, but none of them knew how to do it like Kira did! He fulfilled his promise and pulled Kira’s bikini bottom to the side, exposing her throbbing pussy. Her entire being was so hot with passion, he could have sworn her downstairs was literally steaming!

Jordan looked at her with a playful, mischievous grin. “What’s the matter? I thought you couldn’t wait any longer?”

Kira didn’t provide an immediate answer. Her breath was visibly hot, her cheeks literally on fire, her eyes overflowing with a pleasure she had never known. “This is more important…” She said, using her fingers to stimulate his tip while she stepped up her game and continued the most sensational handjob in history!

Jordan responded in kind, removing her bikini bra and tracing her nipples before beginning to suck on them. Pangs of pleasure like nobody had ever known coursed through Kira’s entire body! She threw her head back as her eyelids were weighed down with thousands of pounds of a pleasure she had never known before.

Jordan wanted this moment to go on forever, yet despite his extraordinary resilience, he just couldn’t take it anymore. Thick, rich semen surged forth from his throbbing cock as his body became too heavy and too light at the same time. He couldn’t describe it. He was simply in heaven!

Before Jordan could say anything, Kira reached the limit of her limit. She felt like her piss was literally boiling inside her and even the impossible, overwhelming pleasure she was feeling could no longer hold it back. “I really can’t hold it now. Can you give me some space?” Her eyes looked thirsty, like she was still hungry for the finishing act.

Her body trembled as she finished removing her bikini bottom and tossed it aside. She barely managed to stand, a few drops of boiling hot piss running down her thighs as she did so. Finally fully stood up, she declared that she could no longer contain her boiling hot flood. Her breath was filled with steamy pleasure as she groped her own boobs and opened her legs. Her trembling, tortured pussy could no longer put up a fight. Her golden liquid burst forth, piercing the air like a laser before rocketing downwards into the shallow pool at her feet. Her “accident” seemed to go on forever, her body filled with bliss, her eyelids pulled shut by the weight of this impossible pleasure, and her boiling hot piss continued to slam into the shallow water before them.

Jordan couldn’t take it anymore! He shot to his feet and delivered the most passionate kiss anyone had ever seen! His hands gently ran down her face as her stream somehow became even stronger. When she finally finished, her legs gave out and she ended up in Jordan’s arms before she could crash into the pond beneath her.

They kissed once more, and retired to the bedroom to continue their passion.

*001*2025-03-17 18:31

Dunk Tank Desperation: Outcome 2: Golden Waterfall

This outcome only contains vanilla omorashi themes.

Kira had just turned 18. She was known for her reputation as one of the popular girls in school because she had access to her parents' ridiculous mountain of money. She was 5’ 11”, slim, D-cup breasts hidden behind a black bikini bra with red outlines, toned stomach and very visible V where her tummy met her thighs. Her perfectly round butt was hidden behind a black bikini bottom with red strings. She had decided not to wear a visor or hat, allowing the sun to fill up her hypnotic blue eyes. Her brown hair was neatly combed and pulled into a ponytail that reached the bottom of her shoulder blades.

On this day, her given seat was the oh so familiar fall away seat of her parent's dunk tank at the local riverside festival. There was only one problem. It was quite hot in the afternoon sun, and nobody had managed to dunk her since 9:00 that morning when the air was still crisp and the water was cold. She knew the dunk tank challenge was difficult with the three separate targets that all need to be hit in only five attempts, but she didn't expect to be sitting there without being dunked a single time for more than four hours. She'd been trapped on that hard plastic seat for so long she felt like it was starting to fuse with her thighs. She thought about just leaving, but then she wouldn't get that $100 from her parents.

It was so hot and so boring, she just kept throwing $5 bills at her friends so they'd go buy her flavored teas and fancy sodas. Her grand drinking expedition had begun at 11am when she first got terribly bored, and it didn't seem like it would be stopping anytime soon. It was now 2:00 pm, two more hours until she could vacate the cold, hard plastic seat that trapped her above the nice, refreshing water waiting below. A chill ran down her spine as her bladder raised its voice to complain. Was she going to regret having all those drinks? She knew she needed to keep drinking to stay hydrated in the summer heat, but could her bladder hold out another two hours? All she wanted was for someone to win this stupid game and dunk her so she could relieve herself in the water below.

Kira looked at her watch. 2:15 pm. She swore it would've been 3:00 pm by now. In only 15 minutes, her need for the bathroom had risen to yet another level. Her bladder was starting to visibly bulge outwards, pushing on the outer seam of her bikini bottom. Could she last another hour and forty-five minutes? At this point, she really wasn't sure if she could last another 20 minutes. Her bladder was absolutely screaming. Her legs just wouldn't stay still. She could see passerby's give either a concerned, sympathetic expression, or a naughty chuckle at her predicament.

Finally! Someone came and deposited the 75 cents necessary to play the dunk tank game. They picked up their first ball and tossed it repeatedly upwards as if measuring it. In a motion like a big league pitcher, they let loose. Their first shot just grazed the center target, not enough of an impact to set the mechanism. Kira held her breath, her entire body begging for this stranger to grant her the relief she oh so desperately needed. Another masterful pitch, and the center target was set! 

The mechanism behind Kira's seat clicked. Her mind raced with anticipation. Her body shuddered with a quickly rising need. This was like standing right in front of the toilet, but not being able to sit down. A strained squeak escaped her lips as her legs slammed together. A hand covered her mouth as her cheeks burned in embarrassment. Oh how she needed to hold herself with her other hand, but she just couldn't bring herself to do it in public. Her bladder begged for relief, her body barely able to hold back, her mind in torment...

The player just had to win the game, and he had to do it quickly. His third pitch set the left target. Another click from behind Kira's seat. Another screaming plea from her bladder. Her bikini between her legs became warm. A boiling hot spurt had escaped her! She couldn't even think of the public watching her... Her hands shot into her crotch as she furiously fought to stop the flow. It was no use, the accident had begun. Her boiling hot, golden liquid was leaving her with a loud HISSSSSSSSS. It overflowed the seat and splashed against the water below. The man playing the game froze. He didn't know what to do. The girl in the dunk tank, the one supposed to be enjoying the refreshing water below her... She was crying atop the hard plastic seat as her accident seemed to drag on for eternity.

Her body shifted on the urine slicked seat as she tried to wipe the tears away, and she slipped from the seat. She fell into the water below as her stream finally began to die down. The dunk tank game was quickly shut down. Kira was escorted away, still crying, and the public began harassing her parents for denying the poor girl even a single restroom break.

While Kira received significantly more than the $100 her parents had promised her, it didn't undo the damage she had suffered. She didn't need to refuse her shift the following day. The dunk tank was disassembled and removed. Instead of enjoying the second day of the festival, she sat in the jacuzzi style hot tub in her private bathroom back at her parents' mansion. She had hoped it would relax her, but she was still crying. That's when her phone went off. She thought about not answering it, but then she saw the name on the screen: "Jordan 🥵💋💯"

She tried her best to stop crying, splashing water on her face to try to hide the tears. She answered the phone, and quickly resumed crying. She apologized profusely. Jordan, her old high school crush was on the other end. She felt like her life was over. That's when she heard it. Words like a poem. "It'll be okay sugar. We all have bad days. I've done my fair share of stupid shit, some of which I thought I'd never get over for the rest of my life."

Her crying slowed, then finally simmered down to just irritated eyes and a sniffle. She didn't say anything. She couldn't describe how much those words helped her.

One week later, she was still too embarrassed to show her face in public, so the two of them were just on a midnight cruise in Jordan's souped-up convertible. Her hair was flowing in the wind. His driving was immaculate. She had never gone anywhere near this fast before, yet she didn't feel afraid of the speed. The next day, the two shared a meal at her parents' mansion.

Not even a week later, they were romantically involved with each other. On paper, they were boyfriend and girlfriend. To each of them, they had something more than that kind of bond. They were simply drawn together.

*002*2025-03-17 18:50

Dunk Tank Desperation: Outcome 3: An Interesting Technique For Watering The Grass

This outcome only contains vanilla omorashi themes.

Kira had just turned 18. She was known for her reputation as one of the popular girls in school because she had access to her parents' ridiculous mountain of money. She was 5’ 11”, slim, D-cup breasts hidden behind a black bikini bra with red outlines, toned stomach and very visible V where her tummy met her thighs. Her perfectly round butt was hidden behind a black bikini bottom with red strings. She had decided not to wear a visor or hat, allowing the sun to fill up her hypnotic blue eyes. Her brown hair was neatly combed and pulled into a ponytail that reached the bottom of her shoulder blades.

On this day, her given seat was the oh so familiar fall away seat of her parent's dunk tank at the local riverside festival. There was only one problem. It was quite hot in the afternoon sun, and nobody had managed to dunk her since 9:00 that morning when the air was still crisp and the water was cold. She knew the dunk tank challenge was difficult with the three separate targets that all need to be hit in only five attempts, but she didn't expect to be sitting there without being dunked a single time for more than four hours. She'd been trapped on that hard plastic seat for so long she felt like it was starting to fuse with her thighs. She thought about just leaving, but then she wouldn't get that $100 from her parents.

It was so hot and so boring, she just kept throwing $5 bills at her friends so they'd go buy her flavored teas and fancy sodas. Her grand drinking expedition had begun at 11am when she first got terribly bored, and it didn't seem like it would be stopping anytime soon. It was now 2:00 pm, two more hours until she could vacate the cold, hard plastic seat that trapped her above the nice, refreshing water waiting below. A chill ran down her spine as her bladder raised its voice to complain. Was she going to regret having all those drinks? She knew she needed to keep drinking to stay hydrated in the summer heat, but could her bladder hold out another two hours? All she wanted was for someone to win this stupid game and dunk her so she could relieve herself in the water below.

Kira looked at her watch. 2:15 pm. She swore it would've been 3:00 pm by now. In only 15 minutes, her need for the bathroom had risen to yet another level. Her bladder was starting to visibly bulge outwards, pushing on the outer seam of her bikini bottom. Could she last another hour and forty-five minutes? At this point, she really wasn't sure if she could last another 20 minutes. Her bladder was absolutely screaming. Her legs just wouldn't stay still. She could see passerby's give either a concerned, sympathetic expression, or a naughty chuckle at her predicament. 2:30 came and went and she was getting seriously desperate. Her body was on fire. Her cheeks burned crimson with embarrassment. SHE HAD TO HOLD HERSELF. IN PUBLIC.

Finally, her parents came by. Seeing her predicament, they quickly told her to take a break while her mother hopped in the dunk tank. Just getting down from the dunk tank was a struggle. She wasn't sure how she had managed to climb down the old ladder without losing control of her flood, but she was glad she did. Luckily she was very close to the restrooms. A short waddle later, filled with repeatedly stopping to double over and hold herself, she had arrived. She opened the door and her heart sank. A line, all stalls busy. Her hand between her legs became warm. She couldn't wait.

Without even thinking, she dashed into the tiny space between the tiny little restroom building and the solid wooden fence. She didn't care that the jagged wood was poking her shoulder, or that the brick building was hot against her side. She simply pulled her bikini bottom aside and let flow. Just her luck, only seconds after she had begun her much needed release, a figure appeared. A young man stepped around the corner to the small crevice between the restroom building and the fence. Kira immediately pulled her bikini back into place and gripped herself tight, but it was no use. Her stream pushed its way through the gaps between her fingers and pitter pattered against the ground. She was so embarrassed she couldn't describe it. She couldn't even open her eyes.

Her closed eyes betrayed her. The man had already left. Unaware of this fact, she continued clutching herself, trying to stop what refused to even slow down. Finally, her accident ended. She looked up, and the man was gone. She was alone behind the restrooms. She stood up, mind wracked with embarrassment, and just did nothing for a moment while she processed what had just happened. She had no idea how much the man had seen. After a moment, she finally worked up the courage to step away from her hiding spot. She tried her best to blend into the crowd as she made her way back to the dunk tank. She told nobody about her little "accident". She simply jumped right into the water in the dunk tank both for a the much needed chill of the water and to erase any evidence of her accident.

4:00pm! She was free to go! She lifted the jacket protecting her phone from the ruthless afternoon sun and saw a text message waiting for her. The sender? Jordan 🥵💋💯

"Stupid idiot brother ditched me. Would you like to grab a bite to eat? I hear the buffalo burgers here are amazing!"

She sent a simple "yes" and clutched her phone to her chest. She was about to share a meal with the high school crush she had never been able to approach on her own!

The next day, they were giggling at the dinner table at her parents' mansion. Two days later? Taking a cruise on the river, enjoying expensive drinks, and getting romantically involved with each other.

*003*2025-03-17 19:16

Dunk Tank Desperation: Outcome 4: That's Not How You Use A Trash Can

This outcome only contains vanilla omorashi themes.

Kira had just turned 18. She was known for her reputation as one of the popular girls in school because she had access to her parents' ridiculous mountain of money. She was 5’ 11”, slim, D-cup breasts hidden behind a black bikini bra with red outlines, toned stomach and very visible V where her tummy met her thighs. Her perfectly round butt was hidden behind a black bikini bottom with red strings. She had decided not to wear a visor or hat, allowing the sun to fill up her hypnotic blue eyes. Her brown hair was neatly combed and pulled into a ponytail that reached the bottom of her shoulder blades.

On this day, her given seat was the oh so familiar fall away seat of her parent's dunk tank at the local riverside festival. There was only one problem. It was quite hot in the afternoon sun, and nobody had managed to dunk her since 9:00 that morning when the air was still crisp and the water was cold. She knew the dunk tank challenge was difficult with the three separate targets that all need to be hit in only five attempts, but she didn't expect to be sitting there without being dunked a single time for more than four hours. She'd been trapped on that hard plastic seat for so long she felt like it was starting to fuse with her thighs. She thought about just leaving, but then she wouldn't get that $100 from her parents.

It was so hot and so boring, she just kept throwing $5 bills at her friends so they'd go buy her flavored teas and fancy sodas. Her grand drinking expedition had begun at 11am when she first got terribly bored, and it didn't seem like it would be stopping anytime soon. It was now 2:00 pm, two more hours until she could vacate the cold, hard plastic seat that trapped her above the nice, refreshing water waiting below. A chill ran down her spine as her bladder raised its voice to complain. Was she going to regret having all those drinks? She knew she needed to keep drinking to stay hydrated in the summer heat, but could her bladder hold out another two hours? All she wanted was for someone to win this stupid game and dunk her so she could relieve herself in the water below.

Kira looked at her watch. 2:15 pm. She swore it would've been 3:00 pm by now. In only 15 minutes, her need for the bathroom had risen to yet another level. Her bladder was starting to visibly bulge outwards, pushing on the outer seam of her bikini bottom. Could she last another hour and forty-five minutes? At this point, she really wasn't sure if she could last another 20 minutes. Her bladder was absolutely screaming. Her legs just wouldn't stay still. She could see passerby's give either a concerned, sympathetic expression, or a naughty chuckle at her predicament. 2:30 came and went and she was getting seriously desperate. Her body was on fire. Her cheeks burned crimson with embarrassment. SHE HAD TO HOLD HERSELF. IN PUBLIC.

With no signs of her parents and no time left, she was forced to abandon her post. Finally out of the dunk tank, she was barely able to walk. She had to lean forward, brace her legs against each other... There was nothing she could do to hide the desperation on her face or the heat both visible and audible in her breath. Progress to the restrooms was slow. Too slow. Every time she had to stop as her body doubled over without her permission, every time she jammed her hands into her crotch, she edged closer to a real accident. 

Finally, she was at the door to the ladies' room! She opened the door and... All stalls taken, well then she'll go in the sinks. All sinks in use... Oh god the sound of the running faucets... Her legs crossed as she doubled over, her hand becoming warm and wet as her hold began to shatter. Her eyes darted around as if looking for some magical solution to her problem. A trash can... No she couldn't do that... Not in public... More warmth, this time trickling an inch down her thighs... The trash can would do.

Kira fought to throw her ass up onto the trash can. Stuck the landing! Now to pull her bikini to the side... More warmth... Come on, stop holding yourself and pull the bikini aside... She was falling... She was falling! The can was tipping over! She landed on her ass on the hard tile floor! The collision with the ground was simply too much. Her flood was escaping her. Her face was on fire with embarrassment, her body experiencing a mix of pleasure and existential dread, her mind drowning in a mix of bliss and horror... Her eyes closed as she began crying. Her accident seemed to go on forever.

Finally finished more than a minute later, she opened her tear filled eyes to see a stunned crowd completely frozen in the moment. There was no way she could ever live this down. Her life was over. She got up, crying profusely, and ran towards the parking lots. Her phone, her extra long cardigan, her wallet, all still on the table next to the dunk tank, which was now unattended. She reached the end of the parking lots and just kept going. She was now in the woods behind the festival. Suddenly she stopped running. Tears streaming down her face as her crying fit turned into something incomprehensible. Her legs gave out and she simply melted. Her life had truly come to an end.

That's exactly when she heard those fateful words.

"I think you forgot these"

Her 'secret' crush from high school stood just two trees over.

"Jordan!" The words flew out of her mouth before she even knew it. She was somehow simultaneously angry, mortified, relieved, and just plain happy to see someone pleasant.

"That is my name" He said, kneeling down to meet her eye level. "Now tell me what's got you so worked up. I've never seen you like this."

"I can't go back" She sobbed, unable to tell him what had actually happened.

Jordan really didn't know what to say. He really sucked with this sort of supportive stuff. He had no idea that what was about to fall out of his mouth would spark an entire lifetime filled with love. "Well then would you like to go watch the sunset?"

Kira looked up at the gentle giant. Here she was, broken to the point of barely being able to speak, and this guy she had only ever observed from a distance was not only offering to return her belongings... He was staying with her as she tried to pull herself together.

The next day, they were enjoying dinner at a fancy hotel just outside the city. She no longer cared about the money from her shift in the dunk tank. She didn't care if her parents were disappointed in her. She had found someone truly special. Someone who had created a bond with her that no words could describe.

