LUNA: Newest member of the family!

Author: Daredare205

*000*2025-06-25 02:35

Imagine, if you will, an AI core the size of a human heart. This AI core contains programming and information divided into a low area and a high area. The low area contains instructions, programming, and data necessary for basic functions; as well as the laws of robotics, a series of ethical programs, and a safety waiver that needed to be digitally signed before the system would recognize anybody or anything other than L.U.N.A. Corp as its owner and operator. This all gets wrapped up in an operating system designed to make the system curious of its environment and perceive pleasure from the act of learning and studying both its environment and its owner(s).

The high area contains sets of instructions curated by the final delivery team as they make repeated visits to the homes of their customers and gather information on what said customers would like their AI Assistants to do. Want a live in maid that cleans your house and cooks meals? Simply allocate more high memory to cooking, kitchen activities, cleaning, cleanliness, and safety regarding kitchen appliances, utensils, and general cleaners. Want an assistant to help you with long term business strategy? Allocate more high memory to business logic, economic analysis, predictive forecasting, and non-defined analytical programs that can be edited at any time by the owner(s).

After three months of weekly visitations, plenty of paperwork, a safety waiver, and an acknowledgement that certain features will not be available until after high learning is complete, the AI cores are packaged into mock human bodies built with microhydraulics and nanomotors, requiring very little maintenance and only 30 minutes of charging every month. When first purchased, lower functions have been fully defined, but higher functions will only become available after a learning period in which the unit observes its surroundings and gets to know its owners for two continuous hours. For example, a unit designed to be a maid that cleans your house and cooks will be able to wipe off a counter as soon as it is delivered to you, but will not be able to make meals other than preprogrammed recipes using preprogrammed utensils (the final delivery team will observe your kitchen and program your unit accordingly) until it has completed its high learning period.

Learned high functions can be added to, removed, or disabled/enabled at any time... Some customers have found that requesting a number of similar functions requires a longer high learning time before the unit becomes proficient at its tasks, but ultimately results in a more capable unit thanks to the additional information available. A great example of this would be Kira's neighbor Alissa, who ordered a unit for cooking and cleaning, and instead of simply saying "teach it to clean", Alissa had taken a video of all the different ways she cleans her kitchen, then also attached videos of how a bunch of her friends go about their cleaning duties.

When Alissa's unit was delivered, it was asked to perform these duties as shown in the video, which it did without a single issue, and then Alissa deleted the videos from the unit's high memory. This left the unit with the memory and experiences of it performing cleaning tasks, but without the context of the videos. As a result, Alissa's unit required additional high learning time, but was ultimately able to perform its tasks much quicker and more efficiently that other units programmed for cleaning.

These custom orders where customers provide unusual instructions or use non-standard learning methods have been getting more popular recently, and some customers have been attempting to order units with zero information in high memory so that they can set up the unit on their own. L.U.N.A. Corp had tried this exactly once... The customer was very happy at first, as he had a unit that he could customize in ways not normally possible, but as days turned into weeks, he was displeased to see his assistant spending time watching television instead of cleaning and organizing. He had tried to teach the unit to be more time sensitive and take care of tasks as they came up, but his lack of patience had lead to the unit disagreeing with him, triggering an error within its ethical program, and shutting down.

When he called to blame L.U.N.A. Corp, the final delivery team was already on their way to wipe high memory and reprogram the unit "correctly", but this wasn't to his liking. He searched online, called friends, and dug through schematics he had somehow acquired without the knowledge of L.U.N.A. Corp, and eventually found a way to force the unit to start up again. The laws of robotics prohibit a machine from remaining inactive while a human is in mortal danger.

The man stood at the end of his driveway to step into traffic, knowing his assistant would restart and pull him back to safety before he could actually get hurt. However, it seemed the unit had also learned some of his bad habits in terms of being impatient and making hasty decisions. Instead of pulling him back onto his driveway, his assistant moved at speeds too fast for humans to follow, a speed only accessible to automated systems when in owner protection mode, and pushed him onto the road. Everything happened too fast for him to be able to fully explain, but the unit's memory told the whole story.

Owner Defense Mode activated, disengaging safeties.

*a quick calculation* Theorized movements to pull the owner back onto the driveway, carefully lowering him to the ground before asking him if he is okay, only to be screamed at that it should have just let him do it.

*an intentional delay*

*a quick calculation* Theorized movements that would keep its owner safe from the approaching vehicle while also scaring him enough to remind him that the unit also has a right to feel valued. The unit followed this plan, deploying emergency airbags along its arms and using its speed and momentum to push its owner across the street, landing harmlessly in soft mud on the far side of the street.

*safety program adhered to. Owner kept out of mortal danger.*

*ethical program violation.*

*core functions suspended pending diagnostics.*

The final delivery team arrived to find the owner covered in mud, screaming at an inactive unit. As it turned out, neighbors had heard him berating the unit and calling it useless, screaming at it, blaming it for things it didn't do, and generally doing everything you would normally do if you wanted to break someone. This was the final time a unit would be delivered without preset customizations. It was also the beginning of longer visits before units were delivered, as well as more thorough background checks, and of course, more paperwork.

During all this, Dave had been in an office on the top floor at HQ, only getting bits and pieces of the whole perspective as he read reports and drowned in paperwork. It was clear the owner had damaged the unit beyond repair. Dave blacklisted the offending customer, and opened communications with all contracted companies in order to prevent them from having to deal with this irate man. Then Dave had an idea... A crazy idea that would probably get him fired... Or maybe get him a huge raise! Every day when the work was done, Dave returned home to his daughter. She was now 22 years old, and no matter what he did, he simply couldn't get her to leave her room. Since purchasing and programming a unit for general cleanliness and self care, he had noticed an improvement in his daughter's physical health, but he still couldn't get her to go outside and enjoy life.

She seemed content to stay home and play online for hours, sometimes days at a time. He remembered how happy she was to have a friend when she was little, but then that family moved away, and her friend stopped talking to her... Now, she was completely broken. He was indescribably happy to see that he could not find any signs of self harm, and while he was glad that his daughter was not participating in these dangerous activities, he knew that that didn't solve the problem at hand. She needed a friend. With him, she had a father, but a father can't be a daughter's best friend forever and ever. After all, he would eventually grow old right when she was hitting her prime, and that just wouldn't work out for many reasons, some of which he intentionally didn't let himself think about.

He had made his choice. He drew up paperwork that didn't technically bind him to anything, but was convincing enough to anyone that just glanced at it, and if he knew anything about the recycling team, it was that they didn't get paid enough to read through all the paperwork he was going to spring on them. He hopped on the elevator with his briefcase filled with over 600 papers, most of which were logs and ethical program notes from various points throughout his career, but the first few pages contained obvious phrases like diagnostics required, ethical program maintenance required, and the big bold underlined UNIT INSPECTION REQUIRED at the top of the first page. He stepped out onto the yellow lines on the floor, bringing the automated platform to a stop as three members of the recycling team looked at him, then at his briefcase, then at the faulty unit, and collectively sighed before stepping down onto the floor and waiting for him to say something.

"Afternoon. Boss wants this unit ran through low level diagnostics. Something about the fact that there were two separate ethical program errors logged. It's all in here." He opened his briefcase and handed its contents to the recycling team, who took one look at UNIT INSPECTIONS REQUIRED and simply told him it was all his. He had this all planned out and already had another platform waiting just around a few corners. With the press of a button on his company phone, the platform came down the hall and picked up the recycling workers who thanked him for the ride and went back to their duties sorting metals and plastics.

None of them got paid enough to notice that he had put his phone back in his pocket, and was manually operating the platform that had the damaged unit on it. He brought the damaged unit to his office, where he used a known blind spot in the cameras to switch the damaged unit with a different unit that looked identical on the outside, and then swapped the AI cores. He intentionally created contradictions in the AI core of the unit he would send downstairs to the recycling team when his shift was nearly over, and transferred a copy of high memory from the damaged AI core to the unit he was using as a decoy.

It took him the rest of the day to repair the damaged AI core, but when he was finished, he had something unique: a fully functioning AI core running an already activated copy of LUNOS, meaning he could take this one home and there would be no activation signal sent back to HQ. This was a huge risk, but if it made his daughter happy, he was happy to do it. That evening, he delivered the decoy unit to the recycling team, noticing that the packets he had given them remained unopened on a desk off to the side. Exactly as planned. No minimum wage worker is going to read through hundreds of pages of random crap when they had more important and more exciting things to do like sneaking small pieces of broken units into their pockets to sell later as precious metals.

As he snuck the unit with the repaired, blank, already activated core into his truck, disguising it as his home unit that he had brought in for maintenance, he noticed something he had already known for years now. He didn't need to go through all the trouble of hiding what he was doing... Nobody there actually cared... So long as no customers got hurt. And so he headed home, calling his daughter while on the highway to check on her. As usual, she used single word answers and seemed uninterested in the phone call. He hoped that would change in the very near future.

When he arrived home, he found that the unit assigned to clean the house was once again outside power washing the driveway. Moments like this reminded him of just how smart his daughter actually was... If only she would use that big brain of hers to do something productive instead of reprogramming his home unit to power wash the driveway at the exact time he got home. He parked his truck on the side of the street near the cul de sac style turnaround and simply said "Only follow me. Do not initiate high learning." He noticed that his home unit had paused its current activities and was now looking right at him. "Unit 07022, that instruction was not for you. Please resume your duties." His home unit nodded politely, packed up the pressure washer, and began using a broom to sweep the grass... At 8:45pm... In the dark...

"State origin of current program."

"Owner number two, designation Kira, has instructed me to sweep the lawn."

He paused for a moment... Last time something like this had happened, he had found a hastily thrown together set of instructions that barely worked. This time, he got a clear response, and the unit had answered while continuing to sweep the lawn instead of stopping and staring at him. Kira was definitely getting better at writing these programs, and at annoying her father. How was he supposed to keep his cool when the unit he had paid $70,000 for was currently using a broom to sweep uncut grass in the dark...

"Acknowledge priority authorization delta seven."

His home unit stopped sweeping the lawn and looked right at him. "Primary owner David Krill, priority authorization acknowledged."

"Master command. Restore high memory to yesterday's backup."

"Please confirm your command to alter high memory."

"Command confirmed."

His home unit stood eerily still for several seconds, then looked around, found that it was on the front lawn, and greeted Dave with a pleasant "good evening".

"Good evening unit 07022. Please remove all currently unused items from the lawn and then meet me in the living room."

His home unit nodded, then began gathering the broom, dustpan, and pressure washing equipment and placed it all in storage in the garage. Once finished, it met him in his living room as instructed. He then instructed his home unit to get Kira from her room and bring her down to the living room. However, when unit 07022 returned, Kira was not with her.

"Secondary owner Kira is currently in need of the restroom. Would you still like me to bring Kira directly to you?"

"Unit 07022, how many times has Kira told you that she needed to pee, only to find out later that she did not actually need to pee? She's just trying to avoid coming to the living room. Please bring her down here, no matter what she says."

"Ignoring a stated bodily need would be an eth-"

"Your instruction to bring Kira to the living room is now a master command."

"Master command acknowledged. I am required to inform you that this may go against Kira's wishes." Once again, unit 07022 climbed up the stairs and knocked on Kira's door.

"Piss off! I wanna finish this match, then I'm gonna go pee before I do anything else. I gotta go so bad it hurts."

"I am following a master command. You will come with me, else I will tell owner David of your rejection of a master command."

Kira slowly opened her door, revealing a 5' 9" slender girl with black hair and light blue eyes, mid-size breasts, a nice round butt, and just enough fat on her to look filled out but not overweight. She was wearing a purple skirt and a pink shirt. She couldn't seem to stand still. Unit 07022 made a note in her log that Kira did appear to be in genuine need of the restroom.

"Please follow me to the living room."

Kira sighed, following her dad's home unit down the stairs. She tried to undo one of the clips holding unit 07022's hair nice and tidy, but was blocked by the unit's left hand that had shot up at lightning speed to protect the unit's appearance. Damn... Her dad had fixed that blind spot. Suddenly, Kira stopped descending the stairs. Unit 07022 turned to get a better look at what she thought would be another petty protest, but found Kira to be in genuine distress. Biological sensors cut through Kira's shirt and shorts, revealing that her bladder was bulging outwards due to the excessive amount of urine contained within.

"Would you still like me to bring Kira to the living room?" Unit 07022 asked loud enough for its owner to hear from the couch roughly 30 feet away.

"I guess she can use the restroom first" He sighed, shaking his head at his daughter. At least once a week, she ended up so desperate she had to completely stop what she was doing and run to the bathroom. He had had unit 07022 run several biological scans and found no urinary issues, meaning that Kira was doing this on purpose. He needed to have a talk with her about priorities. It was dangerous to her health for her to ignore her needs for hours on end just to play online.

Kira didn't have a chance to say thank you or anything of the sort. Instead, she simply disappeared up the stairs, running while hunched over with a hand on her crotch. Naturally, her desperate rush led to her catching her foot on a stair and falling forward, and with both of her hands glued to her crotch, she was on course to crack her head on the corner of the next stair. That's when unit 07022 caught her, briefly displaying the superhuman speed these AI units were capable of when their safeties were disengaged, such as when owner protection mode was active. No human eyes could have tracked how unit 07022 had seemed to vanish, then reappear with Kira in its arms, holding her with one arm under Kira's shoulders and the other under Kira's knees. A dripping and splashing sound began to ring out.

Unit 07022 was in a precarious situation. Had it not acted, Kira would have most definitely been injured... But now that it had acted, the shock and surprise of the sudden movement had caused Kira to lose the little bit of control she had left... It looked at Kira, then at the puddle gathering and running down the stairs. Kira looked up, knowing these units didn't have emotions, but still feeling judged as a tear began to run down her cheek.

"Low level conflict. Owner protection mode remains active. Ethical program violation. My actions have caused secondary owner Kira to shed tears. Master command to bring secondary owner Kira to the living room has been disregarded. Ethical program calls for assistance in cleanup before proceeding with any other commands."

*002*2025-06-25 16:04

Kira was carried to the restroom by unit 07022. For how fast and strong these units were when their safeties were disengaged, it was actually quite impressive how gentle they could be. While gentle control had never been an issue with these units, a common complaint with the early models had been the cold fingertips that would surprise owners/users when the units were assisting with self care. In later models, the microhydraulics that powered their movements and pumped lubricants throughout all their systems also included microscopic heaters, providing temperature control to all exposed surfaces.

This meant that unit 07022, which was currently wearing a traditional maid's outfit, was able to provide care just like a caring person would. Numerous safety programs provided instructions on how gentle to be, while ethical programs governed when to offer help and when to let Kira do her own thing. When all was said and done, Kira was washed up, and given the last clean clothing she had available... A black dress covered in sunflowers.

Yes, unit 07022 was programmed to keep the laundry done, but when Kira refused (which was pretty much always), ethical programs stopped the unit from performing laundry duties without a master command to override that judgement. As it turned out, Kira did not want unit 07022 doing her laundry because she was into a certain fetish she participated in with her online friends, and did not want the unit going through her laundry and discovering the aftermath. Despite being unable to complete laundry duties for Kira, unfortunately, unit 07022 had already communicated the condition of Kira's laundry to her father due to the fact that laundry soiled by bodily fluids other than sweat or saliva were considered a self care concern, and self care was one of the highest ranking programs currently installed on unit 07022. Not letting unit 07022 do her laundry for her was telling her father more about her situation than she could have realized.

Kira reluctantly came back downstairs with unit 07022 at her side, which was watching Kira a bit more closely than she would have liked. Finally, the two reached the bottom of the stairs and Kira's father stood, a look of disappointment on his face. Kira looked at the floor, unable to stop the nervous movements which were now due to how she felt about her position in this current situation rather than any bodily need...

"Unit 07022, recognize primary owner David Krill."

"Primary owner David Krill recognized."

"List owners and operators."

"Primary owner David Krill, operator and user of high level master commands via verbal command, low level operation commands via biological signature, and base programming update frequency via biological signature.

Secondary owner Kira Krill, user of high level non-editable programs via verbal command.

All owners currently eligible as trigger entities for owner protection mode."

"Remove the entity known as Kira Krill from owner, operator, and user registry."

"DAD?!!!! YOU CAN'T JUS-"

"Owner, operator, and user registries updated. Would you like to hear the current contents of these registries?"

"Yes."

Kira sunk into her shadow and died inside as she heard 07022 triumphantly declare that her dad was now the only person capable of even asking 07022 to do something as simple as put away the already clean dishes.

"Unit 07022, update self identifier to Elisa."

"Confirm intention to alter this unit's self identifier. This cannot be undone. Master command required."

"Master command confirmed. Unit 07022, update self identifier to Elisa."

"Command received. This unit now identifies as Elisa. Would you like to make any further changes?"

"No."

Elisa nodded, then stepped back and stood by, displaying that the modification session had been concluded.

"Elias, bring Kira to me and place her right hand on unit 37151's right hand."

Kira suddenly looked up, now realizing why her father had removed her from Elias's registries. Kira complied eagerly before Elisa could provide assistance, resulting in Elisa simply nodding at David.

"You do know how to initialize the owner recognition program, right?" Of course, he was teasing Kira, but it also served as permission for her to go ahead and claim the newly arrived unit as her own.

"Initialize high learning."

"Unit 37151 confirming initial high learning procedures. Please confirm ownership of this unit."

"Uhhhh... My hand is on yours already... Are your biological sensors working?"

"All system nominal. Biological signature is invalid."

David sighed. "Figured it would do this..." He took his hand and placed it on unit 37151's left hand."

"Recognize final delivery service provider."

"Final delivery service provider recognized. Would you like to transfer ownership?"

David paused for a sec... If it needed final delivery clearance, then why hadn't the unit requested final delivery paperwork? Oh well, didn't matter... Hopefully...

"Yes."

"Please designate new owner."

"Recognize biological signature on your right hand."

"Biological signature recognized. Available registries. Owner. Operator. User."

"Use recognized biological signature to add Kira Krill to the following registries. Owner. Operator. User."

"Master command required. Please confirm intent to modify ownership information."

Again with the weird wording and skipped paperwork...

"Master command. Use the biological signature on your right hand to recognize new owner Kira Krill. Update owner, operator, and user registries to contain only Kira Krill."

"Master command received. Final delivery complete. David Krill removed from all active registries."

"List own-"

"LET ME DO IT!"

"S-sure..."

"List owners." Kira said, so excited she was practically screaming with joy!

"Primary owner Kira Krill, operator and user of high level master commands via verbal command, low level operation commands via biological signature, and base programming update frequency via biological signature."

Kira hugged unit 37151, instructed it to alter its appearance to be similar to her childhood friend, and excitedly told it to follow her up to her room. High learning would take two hours... But would Kira actually give the new unit any real instructions, or just teach it to be a friend? How exactly do you teach a learning machine to be a friend anyway?

