The Desperate Outhouse Horror

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2022-07-27 14:27

I am still in a bit of a fetish mood so I got around to writing that longer story that I was originally going to write the other day but which I felt was longer so I did the tickle monster one instead. I probably made the right decision because this turned out to be one of my longer stories and has been on my list, my priority list, for over a year.

I have to admit this is probably one of my grosser desperation stories, and be forewarned it contains peeing and pooping and poop desperation and pee desperation, so if that's not your cup of tea you might want to skip this one. This one actually was inspired like so many of my stories by an experience I had when I was younger when I went to a festival up state and they had this disgusting outhouse, where it was basically just sort of like a six hole outhouse where they are this plank with like six holes in it and you could see the asses of other people looking at the other side just like in the story.

It was probably the most disgusting and least private bathroom situation I had ever been in, and unfortunately just like my character in the story I had to do both pee and poop and people did definitely watch me, so definitely a humiliating and highly memorable experience even all these years later that I am sure probably influenced the development of my fetish in some way, although I'm not going to analyze that in too much detail because it's probably better left unexamined!

But yeah this is one of those more gross out kind of stories that basically has one of those cringe worthy desperate situations. I think everybody has considered the possibility of having to use a cringe worthy toilet or go on holding it and have to make that decision and this was that time in my life when unfortunately I had to make that decision and ultimately could not hold it all day. At least I got a good story out of the experience! In my own experience I was much younger and I didn't get in this elaborate confrontation like with the women in the story, but I thought that that would make for added drama, and I think that ultimately it ended up working out well as this story had a lot of tension that is finally relieved at the end, pun intended!

Readers of my first novella The Great Locked Ladies Room Caper will perhaps recognize the characters of Jack and James from that book. And speaking of novellas I am in the process of reading and editing The Bathroom War on the Tour, my full book length treatment of my tour guide story so hopefully I will get around to publishing that sometime in the near future, can't say exactly when, but I am making progress with that at least. In the meantime enjoy this following story about desperation caused by a gross outhouse! Also can be read in my blog https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/10899.html

The Desperate Outhouse Horror

Jill, Jack and James had been driving for a while and finally they had arrived at the festival that was deep out in the country that seemed like it was in the middle of nowhere. They had been driving for several hours and they hadn't seen any rest stops for at least 50 or 100 miles, just acres and acres of uninterrupted corn growing in every direction.

Jill never liked admitting that she had to go to the bathroom when she was with Jack and James because going to the bathroom for her always seemed to be an ordeal. And the three of them were legendary for their love of toilet humor but it always made it awkward when you were the one who had to go to the bathroom, as if Jill had to go to the bathroom she would never hear the end of it.

When they finally arrived at their destination however they were all thinking the same thing, it had been a long time since they had a bathroom break and they could all use one. Fortunately Jill would be able to use the ladies room without having the guys give her a hard time about it as it wasn't like they could follow her in there.

"Where are the restrooms around here," Jack asked somebody who pointed off in the direction to what looked like a wooden structure. "Looks really rustic."

"Christ we are out in the middle of nowhere, I wonder if they even have running water or indoor plumbing here," Jill said. She hadn't used many outhouses in her life and she didn't really relish having to use one again but she knew sometimes a lot of these events out in the country had less than ideal accommodations. Fortunately she had usually been in a place where there were clean public toilets as she could be a little bit fussy about toilets that were less than clean or private.

As they approached the wooden structure that apparently was the bathroom they could see a sign that was made of wood that just showed a man and a woman standing next to each other, indicating that it seemed to be a unisex restroom, which certainly didn't thrill Jill either he was hoping that in a unisex bathroom maybe there would be a premium on privacy in the stalls themselves.

As soon as they walked in they had to admit that it smelled less than pleasant and they could hear the sound of flies buzzing around the place.

"Damn this place stinks," James said as they look to see what looked like three stalls back to back with another three stalls basically just in the center of the entire building.

"Does this place even have running water?" Jill said looking around to see no sign of running water, not even a sign of any kind of sinks to wash her hands afterwards.

"This bathroom just has a communal pit," a rather large woman said as she came over. "My name is Brenda by the way."

"A communal pit?" Jill said. "You mean that they don't even have flushing toilets here?"

"Yeah this is totally not the nicest bathroom situation, I'm Emily by the way," another woman said.

"And I'm Jennifer," another woman said as the three of them appeared to all be waiting on one side of the enclosure for the three stalls while men were coming in and out of the stalls on the other side. "Unfortunately it's kind of a unisex bathroom but generally the guys go on that side and we go on this side. But basically the entire toilet system is just a plank with three holes on each side leading into a communal pit."

"Gross," Jill said. Although she had to go to the bathroom the idea of sitting on a plank taking a piss into a communal pit didn't really sound very appealing. And although there were dividers between the stalls and doors it looked as though it wasn't the most private situation. She was thinking that if she was going to go she would wait a little while and maybe come back when there was no one else there. She could see that even the stalls were made of wood and it seemed as though several of the stalls had holes in them through which it would be quite easy to see somebody going and doing their business, which in a unisex restroom was even more unforgivable.

Reluctantly Jill got in line with the other three women who were all waiting for the stalls on their side of the divide to open up. The guys quickly went on the other side and relieves themselves and Jill was tempted to go over to their side. However she didn't really feel like she wanted to use the bathroom while the guys were there at all or while anyone was there for that matter.

Soon Brenda, Emily and Jennifer were occupying the three stalls leaving Jill on the outside. As she stood there waiting Jack and James waved her over.

"What is it," Jill said, not exactly worried about losing her place in line, in fact she wasn't even sure if she wanted to use the toilet right at that particular moment in time while the bathroom was quite crowded.

Jack and James continued waving her over and they looked like they had big smiles on their faces and were trying hard not to laugh.

"What is so funny," Jill said as Jack and James put their fingers over their mouths indicating that she should be quiet.

Jack opened the toilet stall door on the side that the men were using and pointed in the hole in the ground.

"So it's a hole in the ground, big deal, what's so special about that," Jill said.

"Look closer," James said as Jill looked in the pit of the toilet and she could see the ass of what looked like Brenda on the other side and she was doing more than just having a quick pee.

"Shit you can actually see everything," Jill said finding this admittedly very amusing as the two guys were pointing at Brenda's fat ass on the other side of the stall. The stalls were back to back and it seemed like the holes were just one big hole so they were practically ass cheek to ass cheek with the women on the other side, or would be if the guys actually had to sit down, which to their great fortune they did not have to because that was a toilet that Jill didn't really think that anybody would want to sit on sort of an emergency.

Jack and James found it hard to quit laughing as Jill continued staring at Brenda doing her business, which she could see perfectly, and was finding the whole situation hilarious. They had had humorous pranks in the bathroom before between the three of them but this certainly took the cake.

"What the hell are you guys doing," Jennifer said as she came up behind them surprising all of them when she looked ahead and she could see all of them staring at Brenda's ass plopping away in the hole of the other toilet.

"What's going on over here," Emily said as she joined them.

"They're peeping at Brenda going to the bathroom," Jennifer said. "Gross!"

"Hey they were the ones who were showing it to me," Jill said acting as though she were innocent even though they could see that she was still clearly staring at Brenda dropping a few logs off in the pit, at which point Jill couldn't help but burst out laughing as Jack and James couldn't help but snicker. Jill knew that was a stupid thing to do but she couldn't help herself as this was probably the most hilarious thing she had ever seen in her entire life.

As the three of them continued laughing all of the sudden they saw Brenda's ass lift up from the hole before a few pieces of toilet paper dropped into the pit below.

"That's so perverted and gross," Emily said shaking her head.

"What is everybody laughing about over here," Brenda said waddling over.

"These three were looking at you taking a dump by looking into the hole on the other side," Jennifer said.

"You were watching me poop!" Brenda said looking annoyed and disgusted and also blushing.

"I didn't know what I was going to be looking at, they were the ones who waved me over to come and see it," Jill said trying to take the pressure off of her.

"You look like you were taking a pretty good look, in fact when I came by you were the one who was doing most of the staring," Jennifer said as Jill felt increasingly uncomfortable about the fact that they had been caught red handed having a little bit of fun at Brenda's expense.

"Why would you even want to be watching me like that," Brenda said. "Would you like it if I watched you while you were going?"

"I don't think that you would want to see Jill going to the bathroom," James said as he burst out laughing.

"Shut up!" Jill said now getting aggravated over the fact that she was put in this extremely awkward situation because of them. "I don't think I would even want to go to the bathroom in a disgusting place like this!" It was kind of a lie though because she could feel that she actually had to pee noticeably.

"Well good I hope that we don't see you in this bathroom all day then," Brenda said putting her hands on her hips as Jennifer and Emily stood there at her side in solidarity.

"Come on, let's get out of here," James said as Jack and Jill followed behind as the three women stood there glaring at them angrily.

"Did you see that big fat woman like that, she was totally pissed off," Jack said. "It was so hilarious seeing her just dropping one out like that, one right after the other, I mean what the hell did she eat, I can't believe that there is like no privacy in those bathrooms."

"It is not funny guys, we got caught in the act and now they think that we are some kind of perverted perverts," Jill said.

"Come on Jill you know it was funny, you were laughing just as much as anyone and I think you probably got the longest look at her," James said.

"You guys are so immature," Jill said shaking her head and sticking out her tongue.

"Well that's the pot calling the kettle black," Jack said.

"Whatever it's over and it's done, so let's just enjoy the festival and forget about this entire incident," James said.

Jill shook her head and figured that they should probably try to put the embarrassing incident behind them. With any luck they wouldn't run into those three women again for the rest of the day since it was a large festival. It was embarrassing and awkward but Jill had to admit she couldn't deny that it was hilarious seeing Brenda plopping one out like that, it would have been great if she had gotten some kind of video of that, but that probably would be taking things too far.

They started mingling around the festival for a while and everything was okay but Jill realized that she had to pee more than she thought she did and she was starting to feel a little bit antsy. She didn't relish the idea of trying to use that disgusting pit toilet, but as the day went on and food and drinks were served at the festival Jill was finding that her desperation was growing, and not just pee. She was feeling betrayed by her own biology and whatever she had to do at that point she knew it was certainly not going to be dainty and feminine when she did it.

"It will be a cold day in hell before I crap in an outhouse, especially a disgusting filthy one like that where you can see everything on display from the other side," Jill said to herself as she realized that the pressure in her bladder was building. She didn't want to take a crap but she figured if she could pee hopefully that would be all she would end up doing and she could get out of there really quickly without anybody potentially seeing her on the other side.

"Hey Jill, we saw some people that we know, we're going to go chat with them, think you'll be okay here for a while," Jack said.

"Yeah I think I'll be perfectly fine," Jill said realizing this was her opening. She could go visit the bathroom without the guys even knowing, an ideal situation.

As soon as the guys were out of sight Jill started making a beeline towards the most unappealing bathroom she had ever come across but under the circumstances she didn't feel she had much of a choice. She looked carefully to make sure the guys weren't watching her and she started sprinting towards the bathroom but then when she saw the entrance hanging around outside she saw Brenda, Jennifer and Emily.

"What the hell are they doing hanging around outside of the bathroom still," Jill said. Surely they hadn't been waiting around all day by the entrance to the bathroom. She subtly crossed her legs and shook her head. "I guess I'll just wait until they leave, hopefully it won't be long."

Jill stood there for about 15 minutes and they still weren't leaving. Why were they hanging around the bathroom like that? She decided that she had better not just stand around looking like she was staring at them but it was too late, she could see that they were looking over in her direction, and that was when she started walking away.

Jill came back about 10 minutes later and the pressure in her bladder now becoming extremely urgent to the point where all she could think about was taking a piss, and annoyingly she felt like the longer she put that off the more chances it would be that she would end up having to do more than simply take a quick piss, the absolute last thing that she would want to do.

She looked around and she didn't see any sign of the three women so she started gradually making her way towards the bathroom, but just as she was approaching the entrance that's when she saw the three women standing there, and this time they made direct eye contact with her, and could see her and started walking towards her.

She figured that the best response was to be totally nonchalant and try not to make things awkward.

"Hey if it isn't the bathroom peeper," Brenda said as she came over with Jennifer and Emily. "What you doing over here?"

"Hey guys what happened before, it was mostly my friends, I really didn't know what they wanted me to look at and I thought it was totally gross and inappropriate and immature of them," Jill said. She had to admit that now she was having trouble ignoring the increasing pressure in her bladder, and the fact that she was now being confronted with the three people that were the last people she wanted to see wasn't making that any better, in fact the nervousness was starting to give her stomach cramps.

"Yeah but you were the one who was looking, when we came over you were the one who was staring directly at Brenda's posterior, did you find it like attractive or something," Jennifer said.

"No, of course not," Jill said.

"So you think that my ass is ugly?" Brenda said.

"I didn't say that either, it's just, can we just let this whole thing go and let bygones be bygones," Jill said really not wanting to get in an argument right at the moment with the mounting pressure inside of her.

"Don't stress out, you look like something is stressing you," Brenda said with a fiendishly evil smirk that told Jill she knew exactly what was up.

"You know it's just that the festival can be really exhausting and everything," Jill said.

"Yeah it's a pretty long festival isn't it, we've all been eating and drinking so much we had to make another trip to the bathroom," Brenda said laughing.

"How unfortunate, because that's a real nasty ass bathroom," Jill said as the three other women laughed along with her, but she wasn't quite sure if they were laughing with her so much as at her and her current situation that they were clearly all fully aware of.

Emily smiled. "Well hey when you gotta go you gotta go, and a long festival like this with all the food and drinking, kinda hard to go the entire day without using the bathroom, however unappealing that bathroom may be."

"Yeah, I mean why don't they provide more privacy with these bathrooms, we could have avoided that entire awkward situation," Jill said.

"Yeah I mean seriously, who designs bathrooms that are just a plank in the ground with three holes on one side with three holes on the other side where you can look directly in and see another person's ass," Brenda said.

"Well hey it's not like anybody took a picture or anything," Jill said really wished and she could get away from this situation and finding it hard not to be looking off at the bathroom in a longing way. "My friends are really immature, you're lucky they didn't start peeing and aiming for your ass!"

"Now that would have been embarrassing, although you and your friends probably would have thought it was freaking hilarious," Brenda said now suddenly getting all confrontational with her as she reached into her pocket and took out her phone. "My phone has really good video imaging, could have gotten a really funny video probably."

"Yeah but who wants to hang out at a bathroom all day," Jill said practically wanting to run to the bathroom because now her bowels and bladder were both screaming out, the absolute worst case scenario, a total bathroom emergency like she didn't believe was even possible.

"I don't know, it's a pretty good place as it's pretty much in the middle of the festival and you can see the whole place from here," Jennifer said.

"So you mean you guys have been hanging out by the bathroom all day," Jill said barely able to stand still because she had to go to the bathroom so bad.

Brenda laughed.

"What's so funny?" Jill asked.

"It's just that the whole bathroom thing has gotten a whole lot of use, people eating and drinking all day, that pit must be getting awfully full," Brenda said. "I mean I know there are some people who just will not use that bathroom no matter how badly they have to go, but sometimes you just can't help it, sometimes you have to go so bad that it just becomes intolerable, know what I mean?"

"Yeah," Jill said meekly realizing that Brenda basically had her in the exact situation that she wanted her in and the exact last situation that she didn't want to be in.

"Is something the matter, you look really antsy, like you want to go somewhere," Brenda said trying to hide her widening smile.

Jill thought that she should probably think of some convincing lie of some kind, anything that would get her out of this situation. Surely they couldn't be waiting by the bathroom all day, at some point they would leave, they weren't going to spend their entire day at the festival just standing vigil over the bathrooms were they?

"Actually I was kind of wondering where the –" Jill said not exactly sure what she would be looking for the festival.

"Were you wondering where the souvenir stands are," Brenda said.

"Yeah the souvenir stands," Jill said. She really didn't have any idea where they were but she figured maybe if they gave her directions she could act like she was getting out of there and maybe find another bathroom, if there was one, even if it was equally unappealing as the first one.

"Hey Brenda what are you doing," another woman said as she came over with two other women.

"Oh hey Kim I was just giving my good friend here, what was your name?" Brenda asked.

"Jill," Jill said trying to focus all of her concentration on ignoring the fact that her insides were tying in knots over how bad she had to go to the bathroom.

"Jill just wanted to know where the souvenir stands were," Brenda said.

"They are all the way on the other side of the park, but I could show her where it is, why don't we all take a little walk over there," Kim said. "By the way these are Lacey and Patricia."

Jill sort of waved to all of the women and now found she was surrounded by six women, six women who probably knew what had happened earlier in the bathroom between her and Brenda. Reluctantly Jill started following them to the other side of the festival grounds where the souvenir stands were. And that was when Jill saw what she thought was her salvation.

"Hey it's a bunch of porta potties," Patricia said. "Those are a lot better than using that disgusting outhouse where everybody can see what you are doing."

When Patricia said that she looked directly at Jill and that was how Jill knew that all of them were fully aware of what had happened with her and Brenda earlier in the bathroom.

Brenda walked over to the porta potties and it appeared that they were all locked. "Well too bad, it looks like they are locked."

Jill practically wanted to cry as her chances of using a semi private bathroom where she could hide from Brenda and her friends was all but lost at that moment.

"You know I think I could really use a piss myself," Lacey said.

"Well guess we had better get back to the outhouse then," Brenda said looking at Jill with a smile that said if you think you're going back to the outhouse alone think again.

Jill didn't know why she was following with this group of women that she would desperately like to get away from, except she knew her only chance of using the bathroom in a private manner was if she could find some way to get all of these women away from the bathroom, until she could find some way to do that she was basically their prisoner, or rather her bladder and bowels were their prisoners.

As they approached the outhouse Jill was practically unable to disguise the fact that she had to go extremely bad. As the seven of them all approached the bathroom Jill felt like she was practically ready to explode at both openings and she could barely contain herself.

"Hey do you guys think that perhaps you can stand guard," Lacey said glancing briefly at Jill before looking towards what appeared to be unoccupied toilets.

"Yeah we certainly wouldn't want anyone peeping at you would we," Brenda said once again looking at Jill in an obvious and accusing manner.

All of the women ended up using the bathroom with always at least one or two on the outside standing guard, except of course for Jill, who had no intention of using the bathroom while those women were keeping their eyes trained upon her like hawks.

"Well I guess we are all feeling better now aren't we," Brenda said as the six other women in the bathroom were smiling and looking rather content. "So has everybody who needed to use the bathroom used the bathroom?"

Jill was practically ready to cry at this point and she could only hope that there was some kind of mercy now that they had been torturing her this far. She figured that maybe she had suffered enough.

"You know you don't have to stand guard for me, I think that I will be fine on my own," Jill said as the women all sort of snickered.

"Oh well by all means go ahead, we will stand guard for you," Brenda said.

At this point Jill was clearly crossing her legs and grabbing herself both front and back and it was obvious that she needed to do a pretty big production.

"You know it's okay, I am totally fine on my own," Jill said as she could see all of the six women in the bathroom with her smiling.

Brenda shook her head. "You know Jill I insist."

Jill was practically fighting tears. "Look Brenda I am totally sorry about what my friends did earlier, I'm sorry I peeked at you in the bathroom, I really didn't mean to, it was a stupid thing, I really hope we can put it behind us, and trust me you would not want to see me, well you wouldn't want to see me –" Jill couldn't even finish the sentence, she was so embarrassed to even bring it up.

The six women standing around couldn't help but laugh and smirk.

"Look Jill if you have to go by all means go to the bathroom," Brenda said.

Jill knew that she couldn't hold it a second longer and she could see that those women were not going to be leaving the bathroom as she saw what looked like a crowd of women approaching the bathroom. Reluctantly she started racing those women to the stalls and she ended up getting the middle stall, the stall that she least preferred under the circumstances, surrounded on all sides both front and back, as well as side to side, quickly jerked down her pants and slammed her ass down on the hole that somehow qualified as a bathroom and she almost fell in because the hole was so wide even for her rather ample posterior.

As Jill sat there feeling that she was about ready to explode a curious thing happened. Nothing that is. She sat there waiting for nature to take its course but nothing was happening. She desperately wanted to release but she knew that she couldn't as she heard the sounds of other women hissing and plopping, in fact she felt she could almost feel a little bit of splash back that made her cringe.

As Jill looked at the stall door she could see the feet of other women waiting outside the stall she simply gritted her teeth and hopefully waited for everybody to finish up. Once all of the women in the other stalls had finished going Jill tried her best to relax but she still couldn't let herself release.

"Hey is something the matter in there," Brenda said as she knocked on the stall door. "You've been in there long time Jill."

"Christ I need a piss," James said.

"Me too," Jack said and right behind her Jill could hear the sound of loud hissing piss going into the pit behind her knowing that Jack and James were relieving themselves and probably doing so while looking at her ass.

"Everything okay in there Jill," Brenda said knocking on the stall door again as Jill sat there grabbing herself trying to let go but totally failing.

"I need privacy to go," Jill shouted.

"I fully understand, but fortunately I don't need privacy in order to go, as you well know, even though I would very much prefer it, but not everybody cares about my wishes in that instance," Brenda said as Jill saw her feet disappear from under the stall door and heard what sounded like the stall door on the other side behind her opening up.

"What's going on," Jill said now literally vibrating as she struggled to let herself release.

"I gotta go," Brenda said as Jill's heard the sound of a loud hissing piss followed by loud plopping noises right behind her as Brenda relieved herself. "Wow that felt good! You know Jill, considering how badly you have to go I don't see anything coming out on this end."

Jill was about to say something when all of the sudden she finally let loose with everything she had inside of her as she grabbed the sides of the stall and started letting out a loud moaning noises as she felt her bladder and bowels release like never before, and she started crying tears of joy to finally release all of that which she had been suppressing the entire day.

When she had finally finished and made use of what little toilet paper they had in the stall she came out and she saw Brenda and all of her friends along with Jack and James standing there giving her a standing ovation.

"How much did you see and how long were you here," Jill said blushing and cringing.

"We all got front row seats," Brenda said as everyone began laughing.

This was the absolute most mortifying moment of Jill's life, and she had never felt more exhausted, she had never had to go to the bathroom that bad before and she felt like she had lost 10 pounds. At that point she figured that she was thoroughly licked, so she simply shook her head, shrugged her shoulders, took a bow and once again received another standing ovation as she slinked out of the outhouse not making eye contact with anybody and looking at the floor the entire time until they were out of sight.

"So I will be the one to say it, you gave a better performance than Brenda," James said on the drive home right before he received a thorough slap from Jill. "I suppose I had that coming."

"Stop the car," Jill said.

"Why?" Jack said.

"Let's just say I have an encore performance and this place better have running water and soap, and neither of you has tickets to that performance," Jill said as they stopped at the rest stop as Jill stormed off to the bathroom as Jack and James laughed long into the night.

