Era of Survival 2.0 - Fiction inspired by SAO and Log Horizon - Page 3

Author: Darksyn

*054*2018-01-16 00:39

{{6 hours ago, YourFNF said:

I'm liking this overall, not thrilled about rape being an option. And TBH if there is a detailed rape scene I'm probably stopping there. That aside I'd like to know what the hell the government is doing about all this? Like somebody had to tamper with the game so why isn't every law enforcement agency hunting them down right this minute? Why haven't they raided the servers and shutdown. Even with a waiver though criminal law supersedes civil so how have people in the Beta that apparently did this avoid criminal sexual assaults charges? and the company criminal not civil negligence charges?

A dozen so where the person dosen't report it or is payed off I can believe but more than that? I tend to dig into background detail a lot so take into account other people may not have noticed this. But I feel like that's a common plot hole I've noticed that in a lot of fet stories where a contract is justified as being whats used to force people into a fet or ABDL situation even though no sane judge would uphold something like that.

}}

I have no intent to write a rape scene, period. Hope that helps - It's just part of the background.

As for the government response? It does exist, but there is no way for Naja to know what is going on or to reference it since outside communication has been cut off from inside the game.

Regarding the waiver and sexual assault, I will admit that I'm personally not 100% sure how I would explain that. If I had the ability to edit older posts, I would retcon any player-player sexual assault (Consent required to allow sexual activity with other players, via a menu, would be my preferred option now) out, now that I've had time to consider things.

This doesn't stop nasty things from happening to NPCs, of course...

With what has occurred with the severance from the real world, as well as how lifelike the NPC characters seem, it begs the question of whether or not NPCs are real people or non-sapient but advanced 'dumb' AI.

If they are quantifiable as people, the bandit clans springing up are mass murderers and rapists by any measure, and if not, they're simply playing evil characters.

There are also further questions that might be asked, of course.

What happens to players who die? They don't appear to come back, and players have assumed the worst, but are they dead IRL?

The game menu has changed considerably. Options are not grayed out, but have ceased to exist. There was no apparent hotfix to the client, nor an update. What's going on there?

I'm a little disappointed that nobody has asked these questions or discussed it in the thread, though I imagine it's to be expected when folks seem to be looking for titillation rather than a larger overarching story. We're on a fetish forum, after all!

Anyhow, I'd have to tip my hand to give any more answers outside of the story proper. I am however glad that you're asking questions, @YourFNF

.

*056*2018-01-17 21:01

Chapter - Ten

The short walk into the secluded clearing Victoria had spotted felt like an eternity.

My patience, however, was quickly rewarded - As I stepped forward into our hiding spot, Vicky made her move.

I found myself pushed up against one of the trees, and before I could even speak, I felt her lips against mine. It was forceful, almost needy, and once I processed what was happening, I returned it with interest, nipping and nibbling at her lips.

I heard a throaty growl as she broke from my lips to trail kisses along my jaw and down to the nape of my neck while I panted and whimpered.

It seemed she had other plans, however. She had me pressed against the tree with both hands clamped over my wrists, but her grip vanished as she pushed my coat from my shoulders.

I didn't waste any time busying my hands, reaching up underneath Victoria's blouse with my left and pulling her closer with my right. As my hand brushed against her skin on the way up to her chest, I marveled at how soft her skin felt, and noted the same unnatural coolness that I had felt from her before was mixing with a paradoxical heat. My hand found purchase around her right breast, and the rough flick of my thumb against her nipple prompted a muffled moan as she bit the side of my neck in a show of approval - Not enough to draw blood, but certainly enough to leave a hickey.

Of course, with her pressed tightly against me, and with herself with her defenses down, I repaid her in kind as I felt an animal growl rise from my chest. She gasped and pulled back, leaving us nose-to-nose. I saw passionate lust in her eyes, and it seemed our little exchange of nibbles had triggered some primal vampiric instinct. Her pupils had constricted, leaving them look almost feline or reptilian, and she panted hard, nearly shaking in excitement.

This left her open.

With the same degree of lust she had shown forcing me against the tree, I pushed her to the ground, prompting a squelch from her panties, and held her arms down, digging the claws on my left hand claws into the grass and dirt underneath her arm while I used my others to cut away her tattered blouse, exposing her breasts to the night air. Now that I could truly catch a good look at them, it was obvious that she had me beat in the bust department - My own barely managed a B-cup, compared to Victoria's full, perky Cs with her currently rock-hard pink nipples.

They were inviting, an invitation I accepted in a hurry as I leaned down and took one into my mouth, suckling and teasing with my tongue.

My hand had not stayed idle after cutting her shirt open, either - I had darted it downwards and gripped tightly at the waist of her disgraced panties and tugged hard, pulling the fabric taut against her crotch, giving her a moment to relax as my grip slackened before repeating it again.

"Mnnn... Haa... I think I like... This part of you!" Victoria panted, chuckling breathlessly, "But... There's more you can do."

"Mmm?" I responded, giving her nipple a light nibble just to further tease her.

"You are holding it in." She replied, squeezing her eyes shut as I tugged at her panties again. She just barely bit back a moan.

It didn't take even a second for me to get what she meant, and as I finally pulled away from her chest and sat up, she propped herself up on her elbows while I untied my breeches and shimmied them off of my hips and down to my knees before kicking them off and straddling Victoria again, this time backwards and on my hands and knees with my tail wagging happily.

If she wanted me to let it go on purpose - Something I had never in my life done before, she would get front-row seats. I craned my neck down and looked back at Victoria, noting happily that the front of her panties seemed to be quite slick - Something I imagine she noticed about the gray fabric that clung to my own pussy.

All of it seemed to suit her fine, judging by the hand slipped beneath the waistband of her panties.

I grinned at that. "You called me dirty for enjoying you crapping your panties, and now you ask me to do it on purpose? Sounds like a certain hypocritical somebody has picked up a new kink."

Victoria giggled softly. "I am unsure what definition of the word 'kink' you are using, but I am most certainly enjoying the idea so far. Do please continue."

It took a moment to convince my body to do so, but I bore down and pushed hard. With how fairly urgent it had been, I wasn't surprised by the immediate results. I felt the solid mass push out in the form of logs, tenting out and then weighing down the seat of my panties. The force of my pushing also brought forth a gush of pee that spattered to the ground and against Vicky's thighs.

I have had many accidents in my life, but for the first time ever, I was doing it of my own volition.

For Victoria.

The idea made me ache, and before I realized what I was doing, I was touching myself, feeling pee wash against my hand as I kept on going.

My bowels were by no means done yet, and the second wave pushed the stretchy fabric further, causing the bottom of the leg holes to sag away from my thighs.

My eyes were shut as I focused on emptying myself, but I could hear Victoria panting and moaning, and the slick sounds of her fingering herself. As the last of my bladder emptied, I joined in the fun, bucking my hips against my hand as I ground my clit against it, and as my middle finger slipped inside.

My other arm gave out only minutes later, as Both Victoria and I teetered on the edge, her cries helping to push me over the edge as I came forcefully, soaking my panties further with the resultant gush of juices. [1]

Victoria cried out moments later, a scream muffled by the hand she had forced over her mouth, before pulling it away as her whole body trembled.

We remained that way for a few minutes, catching our breath. It must have been quite the show - my ass and ruined panties hanging in the air while I rested my head on my forearm, because after a short time, I heard Victoria begin to laugh.

"Oh, Naja... This is definitely worth exploring further." She managed between bursts of giggles, "You do have a lovely backside, I think this accentuates it nicely." She teased.

Despite how brazen I had been before, I felt almost as if my whole body was blushing as I realized the gravity of what I had done.

I whimpered softly. "What have I gotten myself into?

"A very interesting and special relationship." Victoria replied, still laughing.

Commentary - Ten

Welcome to the first of a number of fun encounters I decided to record for later, uh, enjoyment. Not quite sex entirely, this time, but lewd enough, huh?

Not much more that I can say, aside from that this is a fairly standard example of what you'll be reading later.

[1] - And yes, I am a bit of a, uh, squirter, much to Victoria's amusement and delight.

Author's Notes: And in the Tenth Chapter Darksyn said, "LET THERE BE SMUT!" and there was SMUT. I hope it is of sufficient quality for my readers!

The story did take a backseat for this chapter so that Naja and Vicky could fool around, but in the future, I hope to include lewd scenes within chapters that do move the story along as well.

If some of what the characters get up to is a bit much, I can put in warnings. There is a list of kink stuff that may end up in scenes in the story that I will post a short time after this update goes up. It's not -too- bad (No forum rule breaking stuff), but there is some stuff that some readers might not enjoy or potentially be grossed out by.

*058*2018-01-17 21:37

Okay, as indicated in my last post, I'm gonna lay out some of the stuff that might come up in lewd/kinky/toilet scenes that might be objectionable to some

- Minor watersports (No pee-drinking)

- Free peeing (Popping a squat, or the character is nude or partially nude while peeing, peeing while standing, etc)

- Free pooping (as above)

Any other kinks that do show up are unrelated to bodily functions (bondage for example), and are minor enough that I figure they are unlikely to offend.

