2 Girls in the Woods

Author: DrippingPipes

*000*2022-06-16 03:30

Hey everyone! This is the first story I've written. I'll be posting it in this thread chapter by chapter as I finish writing them.

Let me know what you think.

Chapter 1

The Trailhead

That date circled in pink on her calendar has finally come. A day she has looked forward to for months. Hazel was going on another hiking trip with her best friend Sophia. Sophia is relatively new to hiking but is learning very fast. She has some camping experience as well but this trip was the first multi-day hike Sophia has ever done. Hazel on the other hand is very experienced hiking and has excellent bushcraft skills and knowledge. She knows her needs per day and feels confident in her ability to pack just whats needed and nothing else.

Their plan was to drive to the trailhead located at Blue Lake, hike a day and a half to Manatee Lagoon, spend a night there, then hike the day and a half back. Their timing of this trip could not have been better, it was a couple weeks into fall, the temperatures were in the perfect range, and there wasn't a drop of rain forecast. It was that very short time of year in Florida where you could enjoy outside activities barely breaking a sweat while still not freezing at night.

Hazel was boiling over with excitement as she saw Sophia pull in her driveway. She walked outside, greeted Sofia with a hug, then loaded her gear into Sophia's Jeep eager to get going. She paused briefly when she heard Sophia ask in a surprised way

"Thats all you brought? One bag?"

Hazel chuckled lightly then said

"Yea! We're only going for 3 nights."

Once her gear was in she said

"I'll be right back, I'm going to pee one last time."

"Good idea, I should do that too" Sofia agreed.

A few minutes later they were all loaded up ready to go. The two of them made small talk during the 45 minutes it took to get to Blue Lake. Hazel could tell that Sophia was just as excited as herself yet a little nervous. When they arrived, they found that a lot of other people were taking advantage of the perfect weather. Sophia took the last available parking spot saying

"I'm glad we got here when we did."

"Yea."

Thinking for a second, Sophia said

"I can't believe how many people are here at 9 in the morning!"

As they each grabbed their gear from the Jeep, Hazel said

"I hope most of these people are fishing and that the trails are not too busy."

They each did one final check then put their packs on and started down the trail.

Helping to build her friends confidence, Hazel let Sophia lead the way down the marked trail. After about 30 minutes of hiking and talking, Hazel found herself watching Sophia's heart shaped ass more than the trail. She didn't even notice she had become lost in it's rhythmic movements until she heard Sophia yell

"Hey!"

Snapping back to reality, Hazel heard Sophia ask

"Staring at my ass?"

Fumbling for words and shaking her head Hazel replied

"Y yea. N No." She took a big breath then asked "What's up?"

"The trail splits ahead so which way do we go?"

"Umm...let me look." Hazel replied as she fumbled for the map still startled from being caught.

"Did you like what you saw?"

Hazel blushed then trying to change the subject said

"We need to go to the right."

They continued on their journey when a little later they decided to rest for a few minutes. Sitting there sipping their waters, Sophia said

"You never answered."

"Huh?"

"I asked if you liked what you saw."

"Oh...right." Turning bright red again, Hazel replied

"It's nice."

Sophia simply replied with

"Hmm." Then changed topics. Hazel sat there embarrassed yet horny and thinking that she could pee but decided she didn't want to loose time.

About two hours into their journey, Hazel had finished her water bottle and was now using her camelback. Her need to pee was becoming more noticeable but not urgent so she said to herself I'll wait until we stop in just a bit for lunch. As they trekked on, she began wondering if Sophia was feeling it too. A few minutes later her question was answered by Sophia telling her

"I need to pee."

"Hold it." Hazel replied in a joking manner. Then to her surprise, Sophia said

"Yea. It's not that bad yet."

This made Hazel think back on things said between them in the past. She started to question if Sophia is also into pee. There's no way she thought to herself.

For the next hour and 15 minutes, both girls were discretely grabbing themselves and adjusting their walks as their needs grew with each step. Hazel's need suddenly jumped a few digits higher as the trail went over a small creek. The bubbling sound from the water as it gently flowed over some rocks made her bladder think it was close to getting relief. She tried to distract herself with more conversation but in her hightened need, her ears were attracted to the sounds of sloshing water from their packs. Come on...it's only 15 more minutes until we stop to eat, you can make it she said to herself. Just then, Sophia stopped and said

"If I go another step I will pee myself!"

Hazel instantly became even more aroused at hearing that. She tried to not make it obvious that she was aroused but once Sophia started pulling her tight leggings and pink panties down all Hazel could do was stare. The sight of that forceful stream of hot pee shooting from between the thick lips of Sophia's perfectly shaved vagina made her own pussy quiver and her bladder spasm. After a few seconds of watching her own stream, Sophia looked up at Hazel and asked

"Are you not going to go?"

After a brief moment of thought, Hazel decided to give in to her bladders demands and started going for the waistband of her own leggings when she suddenly stopped because they heard voices.

"Shit!" Sophia whispered loudly

"There's people and I'm not done."

Hazel looked down and saw her friend's stream grow even more forceful in an attempt to finish before the people could see anything. A few more seconds passed when her stream finally started to dwindle. Now in a panic, Sophia quickly stood up yanking her panties and leggings up all in one motion before her stream even had a chance to fully stop. As the other hikers passed by, the girls acted like they were looking at wildlife then giggled afterwards. Once they were out of sight, Hazel was again about to give in but then heard even more voices. Hazel, out of frustration, let out a soft growl then said

"Lets just get to the picnic spot. I'll find a place to go there."

"Are you sure you can make it?"

"I don't have a choice."

"Ok." replied Sophia.

Hazel pondered if she made the right choice as they walked onwards.

*002*2022-06-16 16:43

Chapter 2

Lunch Break

"I see the picnic area!" Sophia excitedly said to Hazel.

"Oh good. Finally!" Hazel replied with relief

"I thought I wasn't going to make it."

"Go find a place to pee while I set up for lunch "

As Hazel set her pack down she checked to see if other people were coming and to her delight, the second group of people took a side trail that cut off before the picnic area. She also noticed that the group that passed them did not stop. Good nobody is around she thought to herself. As she pulled her leggings down, her body filled with excitement and her bladder knew relief was coming. In it's excitement, it uncontrollably forced out a little leak into her purple panties as she started pulling them down.

At that moment, Hazel did not care. She was bursting and was still so turned on from the sight of Sophia's ass and the perfect view she had of her pussy as she peed. Without even thinking about it, as she was full stream, Hazel reached down to touch her clit sending tingling sensations shooting through her body like lightning. As her pee stream came to an end, every muscle in her body clenched in a wonderful orgasm. Once her body quit trembling, Hazel surveyed the damage in her pants anticipating the worst. She had left such a large wet spot from being so turned on, that the little bit of pee that leaked out wasn't even detectable. She collected herself, wiped, pulled her pants up, then returned to where Sophia had set up lunch.

"There you are!" said Sophia

"Sorry, I really really had to go."

"No problem. Her you go." Sophia said as she handed Hazel her lunch bag.

"Thank you."

As the two ravenous girls ate their lunches, neither of them spoke a word. The only audible sound other than nature was their chewing.

After eating, Hazel went over their plan with Sophia again pointing out where they would camp that night. The spot they had chosen was still another 3 hour hike. Hazel looked at her watch and said

"It's 1:15 now. Maybe another 15 minutes or so then we will leave putting us there at about maybe umm 5 ish with breaks. That should be plenty of time to set up camp and rest for tomorrow."

Sophia agreed then they both laid back soaking in the beautiful fall air as they digested their meals. Hazel sat up a few minutes later to look over the map. She knew that at some point tomorrow they would have to turn off the well maintained trail heading down a very primitive path. She was also looking for possible water sources to refill their bottles as she suspected they were running low.

After a few minutes of looking over the map, Hazel asked

"Alright, are you ready to get going again?"

Sophia sat up and said

"Yep!"

Hazel gathered their trash shoving it into a dump pouch that she brings on hikes just for trash while Sophia was checking that everything was packed up and closed. As they started on their way, Hazel asked

"How much water do you have left?"

"Umm...I think I have just over half of my camelback left. You?"

"I have a little bit less than that. There is a lake near our campsite, do you want to fill up there or at this next creek?"

"I'd say we fill up at this next creek...just incase the lake is really dirty or we can't get to it."

"Yea I thinking that too. My only hesitation was having to carry the extra weight but I'd rather not risk running out of water. We'll be at that creek in roughly 2 hours."

"Ok!" Replied Sophia. She then went on to ask

"So what meal do you want to cook for dinner tonight?"

Hazel thought about it for a moment then said

"I'm kinda feeling the Beef Stew. How about you?"

"Yea that sounds good."

They continued on their way talking and laughing for the next hour.

Out of nowhere, Sophia suddenly said

"I have to pee again." Wanting to test the waters Hazel once again told her

"Hold it." Hazel was then surprised by Sophia asking her

"Do you like making me hold it?" Blushing red Hazel nervously said

"Yea." Expecting the worst, Hazel was nervous to hear her reply.

"Cool! I like holding it and I've always wanted someone to force me to hold."

"Really?!" Hazel replied in shock "You mean you don't mind me telling you that you can't go?"

"Not at all! I love holding!" They stopped walking for a moment so Sophia could lean in close to Hazel to quietly say

"To be honest, it really makes me horny."

Barely believing what she is hearing, Hazel is over come with joy and excitement then tells Sophia

"I'm the same way." Hazel then started turning red again the asked

"Can I tell you something?"

"Anything!"

"Ok...umm...when I went pee earlier...I...umm...I played with myself because seeing your vagina earlier made me very horny." Sophia smiled then started walking again.

Very happy and a little bit shocked by eachothers honesty, both girls walked in silence for a few minutes. Their silence was broken by Sophia saying

"So I have to know. Do you like holding too?"

"Umm...y...yea...and...umm...I like wetting myself too."

"I knew it! We should totally have some wet fun this trip."

"Oh no no...I can't. I only brought enough panties for the 3 days." Sophia then said with a wink

"Well, you better not leak then."

All of this talk about pee was starting to make Sophia's urge to pee much stronger.

"Hey I have an idea..."

"Yea Soph?"

"Lets have a contest, we both try to hold it until we get to the camp area..." Hazel interrupted in excitement

"Oooo that sounds like fun!"

"...looser cooks dinner." Sophia continued.

They still had two hours left and Hazel was slightly worried. She then asked

"Does it end when we get to our campsite or after we set up?"

"After we set up." Sophia replied after taking a moment to think.

Even more nervous now, Hazel felt her bladder clench as if it was freaking out at the news.

To her delight, the first hour passed by quickly without much drama. She started feeling confident that she could make it. That was until they came to the creek.

"This is where we're filling up. Remember to use your "dirty bottle"."

"I'm glad you reminded me Hazel! I almost used my main one...that would have been bad. Thank you!"

Squatting down to fill up her bottles, Hazel felt a strong urge as her thighs pushed against her lower abdomen. She grabbed her crotch in an attempt to stop her urge.

"What's wrong Hazel? Do you have to pee?"

"YES! And the sound of this creek is not helping at all! Neither is my hand being in the water!" With a soft flirty chuckle Sophia said in a teasing way

"Oh...you can go but you will be cooking."

"I know...I don't want to cook." Then with shock Hazel went on to ask

"Don't you have to go?! Our bladders are like the same!"

"Yea I do."

Hazel attempted to ignore the sound of the flowing water as she was filling her bottles. The sounds of the flowing water made her bladder ache.

For the next 45 minutes, Hazel was doing everything she could to help herself hold but her desperation kept increasing. Sophia noticed that Hazel had started walking a little bit slower and was kind of waddling then asked

"Getting a little desperate there?"

Hazel stopped for a moment to reach her hand between her legs pressing it hard against her pussy and squeezing her sexy thighs tightly together in an attempt to find some relief. She then started pleading with Sophia

"I can't make it. I'm going to wet myself!"

"You can make it. Isn't it only like 15 more minutes?"

"Yea...I think so...I hope so." replied Hazel.

After a few moments, the wave of desperation passed thanks to pressure her hand put on her pee hole. With a sigh of relief Hazel said

"Ok...lets go."

She was determined to make it yet she wanted to see Sophia wet herself. The thought of seeing her friend fully and uncontrollably wetting herself was making her horny again. She was to the point where she was seriously considering loosing on purpose just so she could comfortably go slower setting up their tent so that Sophia would pee herself. Just then, Hazel noticed droplets on the ground. She said

"Hey Soph, I think one of your bottles is leaking."

They stopped to look but everything was sealed tight and Sophia's pack was dry.

"Hmm...must have been some people in front of us."

"Yea I guess so." said Sophia. They continued on their way arriving at the campsite 5 minutes later.

"Finally!" exclaimed Hazel as she frantically started unpacking the tent. As she started laying the tent out, Sophia sat down and started unpacking their cook set so they could start purifying the water they collected. Once she got everything out she went over to help Hazel. About half way through setting up, Hazel noticed a damp spot on Sophia's leggings. She was just about to ask about it when she remembered the water droplets she saw on the trail. It all suddenly clicked in her head

"You have been leaking! Thats what the water on the trail was. No wonder your not desperate like me!"

"Umm...maybe." Sophia replied while starting to blush. Hazel acted angry but the truth was that she was very very turned on.

"You have been making me hold while you have been leaking?!"

"Yea...I was hoping that you would leak. I'm actually very surprised that you haven't yet." Hazel wanted to continue playing like she was angry but couldn't. All she could think about was the fact that she was alone in the woods with her sexy best friend and they were about to sleep together in the same tent. Sophia started to say something when she was cut off. Hazel, in a euphoric daze, leaned in, her lips meeting Sophia's. At first Sophia was surprised but quickly gave in and started passionately kissing Hazel back. They started to slowly lay down with Hazel on top as they kept rubbing their tongues against eachothers.

About 5 seconds after laying down, Hazel forgot all about her need and started to relax from Sophia's embrace. Sophia's eyes suddenly shot open as she felt a warm liquid flow down onto her crotch. The warm comfort made her relax and both girls laid there one atop the other passionately kissing and emptying their tired bladders. Once Sophia had finished peeing, she stopped kissing Hazel then said

"WOAH! That was hot!"

"Yea!" Hazel agreed. Hazel then started to blush as she was coming back to reality. She quickly got off of Sophia and sat up saying

"Oh my gosh I'm so sorry. I don't know what came over me. Oh! I think I also peed on you too!" Hazel started to tear up in embarrassment.

"Hey hey hey it's ok. I really enjoyed it." Sophia said as she hugged Hazel trying to comfort her.

"To tell you the truth, I want to do it again."

Hazel then looked over to Sophia, tears in her eyes and asked

"Really? I didn't mess things up?"

"Not at all. Actually, I've been wanting to hook up with you for a while now. I've just always been to nervous to try."

With a slight laugh as shes wiping away her tears, Hazel said

"Me too."

"Well thats a good thing!" Sophia blurted out trying to make Hazel laugh. After a moment of laughter, Hazel wiped the last of her tears from her eyes then said

"Well, we should probably finish putting the tent up."

Sophia gave Hazel a kiss then said

"Yea...I guess so."

While they finished putting the tent up together, they both were thinking back on what just happened occasionally smiling at eachother. Once they finished, Sophia said

"Well maybe we should change out of these wet clothes now." Hazel replied saying

"No. I want to stay in them."

"Oh? Do you have something in mind?"

"Mmm Hmm. But you will have to wait and see."

At this point Sophia was very intrigued. Then Hazel said

"Ok. Lets go gather some wood for the fire."

*003*2022-06-19 19:16

Hey all. I just wanted to give all of you an update. I haven't forgotten and this story is not dying out. I'm currently working on chapter 3. I will hopefully have it out soon.

*004*2022-06-21 20:47

As promised here is chapter 3!

***lesbian sex warning***

Incase any of you don't want to read a sex scene just skip this chapter.

Chapter 4 is not far behind.

Chapter 3

Campfire

As Hazel was purifying the water they had collected, Sophia was getting their food packages ready. Both girls were enjoying nature while cooking and having a casual conversation. Once their water had boiled for the proper amount of time, Hazel poured some in each food packet then set the rest aside to cool. As they were waiting for their Beef Stew to finish, Sophia wanted to learn more about Hazel's intrest in pee.

"So how long have you been into pee?" Still a little bit embarrassed, Hazel started turning a little red while saying

"For as long as I can remember. I never really started doing anything until recently but I can remember getting turned on whenever I really had to pee since I was a kid. How about you?" With a chuckle Sophia said

"Funny story...I actually discovered it by accident. Literally! Like you, I've always been turned on when I really had to pee but I just always ignored it. Then one day while I was working the registers, I really really had to pee and so I was very horny. I thought to myself that I'll go once this line dies down but it never did. I wound up leaking some then a few minutes later I completely lost it and wet myself. I was really embarrassed but also very very horny. Like to the point that I ran to the bathroom to masturbate. My boss felt bad for me and let me go home where I thought about what happened. A couple days later, I started exploring it even more by purposely peeing myself and wow! I was hooked and now I love it!"

"Oh wow! I would have died if that happened to me. I hope you had black pants on."

"Thankfully I did."

By this time their Beef Stew was done and they started eating. Sophia continued the conversation with

"So what omo related things do you like?"

"Umm...well I like to wet myself and I like seeing how long I can hold it. Oh and watching videos of people wetting themselves."

"Like floods or doing it slowly? What do you like to wet in?"

"I prefer slowly wetting but sometimes floods are nice. Mainly panties, leggings, bikinis, or diapers. What about you?"

"I love holding until I leak and I'll pee in whatever I'm wearing. Sometimes I'll just wet myself if I don't feel like getting up."

"Oh I get that. I do that sometimes too." replied Hazel.

After they finished eating Hazel then said

"Soo..."

"Yea Hazel?"

"What do you want to do?" Sophia pretend to think for a moment then said

"I want you to feel my wet panties then I want you to pee on me again." Blushing bright red Hazel nervously went over to Sophia, locked lips with her, put her right hand just under her bra, then started slowly moving her hand down Sophia's flat stomach into the front of her damp leggings. Sophia started laying back as Hazel's hand descended. As Hazel's hand reached her pussy mound, Sophia let out a soft moan. Hazel was happy whe she felt all of her nervousness and embarrassment melting away. She gently rubbed Sophia's pussy lips through her panties for several minutes. Hazel then moved her hand back up just enough that she could go back down inside Sophia's panties.

Hazel gingerly rubbed all parts of Sophia's pussy. She started with the lips, moved to her taint, then on her way back north she teased the rim of her vaginal opening on her way to play with her clitoris.

She rubbed Sophia's clitoris while occasionally teasing her by putting just the tip of her finger inside. With her body quickly building up to an orgasm Sophia stopped kissing just long enough to say

"Take me Hazel!"

Hazel then pulled her hand out, got on top of Sophia, pulled her upright, then started grinding on her lap leaving Sophia hanging on the verge of orgasm. Hazel sat there, slowly grinding and kissing until she felt her bladder release. Sophia then started pushing Hazel onto her back while she got on top. They continued making out as Sophia returned the favor by peeing on Hazel then started putting her hand into Hazel's pants. Sophia made a couple quick strokes teasing her clitoris then stopped and said

"Lets go to the tent."

Hazel agreed then they both got up and moved to their tent. Hazel was first in and immediately started taking her shoes off. Afterwards she sat down waiting for Sophia to get inside and take her shoes off. As soon as Sophia finished and turned around to face Hazel they resumed making out. Sophia then said

"I want to taste your pussy."

Hazel smiled as she layed down. Sophia started to undress Hazel starting with her leggings. She then moved to her shirt and bra leaving Hazel laying there wearing only her wet purple panties. She then started pulling Hazel's wet panties down as Hazel lifted her hips then knees to assist. Sophia then took a moment to examine every part of Hazel's naked sexy body. Hazel took notice that Sophia's eyes kept being drawn to her pussy mound so she lifted her knees up then spread her legs to give Sophia an even better view.

"Wow Hazel! You are sexy as fuck! Remind me why we waited so long?"

"Thank you Soph!" Hazel said while blushing.

As Sophia started moving down towards Hazel's pussy, she closed her legs tight then said

"Not until you strip! I want to see your pussy again!" As Sophia started taking her clothes off, Hazel sat up and started kissing her belly. Once she was completely naked, she laid down then Hazel started moving down to Sophia's pussy.

Hazel started by gently kissing her pussy lips then gradually started working her tongue in between to reach her clitoris. Hazel then started sucking Sophia's clitoris like a lollipop. Once she felt Sophia's pussy get really wet, Hazel started alternating between putting her fingers and tongue inside Sophia. Hazel continued fingering and eating her out until Sophia's hips lifted, her back arched, and she let out a huge scream yelling "Oh my god! Hazel! Fuck!"

Hazel moved up to put her head on Sophia's shoulder as she was breathing heavily and sweating from her orgasm.

"Woah! That was amazing! I've never had an orgasm like that before. Your mouth is a miracle worker!" Hazel gave Sophia another kiss then put her head back on her shoulder. After a few minutes of Sophia catching her breath, she pushed Hazel onto her back then said it's your turn.

Hazel spread her legs open surrendering herself completely to Sophia's desires. Sophia started in pretty much the same way but then grabbed a dildo from her pack. As Sophia was sucking Hazel's clitoris, she gently pushed the dildo inside of Hazel then turned it on. Hazel was already so close to the edge that it only took about a minute until Hazel was saying

"Sophia! I'm going to cum quick!" A tingle started moving through her body, she could feel herself get warm, every muscle started to contract, sweat was forming on her skin followed by goosebumps, her breathing became heavier, and her voice was getting louder. With every breath she said

"I'm cumming."

"I'm cumming." Straining as she reached her climax she continued

"I'mmm cumming!" as she grasped the sleeping bag underneath, her back arched, and she screamed

"Aaahhhhh!!"

"Good girl Hazel." Sophia said as she moved up to kiss Hazel. Sophia then turned the dildo off and started to pull it out when Hazel stopped her saying

"No. Leave it in for a few minutes."

Both girls laid there cuddling and recuperating. Neither of them noticed that they had fallen asleep until Hazel woke up about an hour later. Sophia woke up soon after as she felt Hazel moving to pull the dildo out.

"You had that in the entire time?!"

"Yea. I fell asleep but sometimes I do leave it in."

"Hmm..." Sophia started getting dressed when she stopped to ask

"Do you just want to cuddle together in my sleeping bag tonight? It's plenty big."

"I'd like that." replied Hazel. She then continued on to say

"I'm going to go pee one last time before bed."

"Ok. I'll go too." Knowing that Sophia loved to hold Hazel told her

"No. You have to hold it." Sophia was shocked but also excited for the challenge. She agreed but then told Hazel

"If I have to hold it, then so do you." Hazel was kind of worried but agreed anyways. After they settled in, Hazel kissed Sophia goodnight as she secretly worried about her need to pee.

*005*2022-06-27 17:39

Chapter 4

Uncharted

Waking up the next morning, Hazel was desperate to pee but she couldn't get up without waking Sophia up. She was actually surprised that she had made it through the night and didn't know how much longer she could hold it. As she laid there trying to distract herself, she watched Sophia sleep thinking to herself how lucky she is to have a friend like Sophia. Thinking about their night made her smile and forget about her need for a moment. Sophia started wiggling a little bit and wound up briefly pushing on Hazel's bladder. In a desperate attempt not to leak Hazel quickly pressed her hand on her pee hole hoping to prevent a flood. After a few minutes, the wave of desperation passed and she could relax again. Hazel went back to watching Sophia sleep. As she softly brushed Sophia's hair from her face, Hazel gave her a soft kiss on the forehead then cuddled her again. She was thinking this is heaven. Are we a couple now?

Hazel started to drift back to sleep when she felt Sophia roll over then suddenly move followed by a small wet spot. To her amazement Sophia was somehow still asleep. She started gently scratching Sophia's back causing Sophia to let out a soft moan of contentment. Sophia gradually started moving more and more until she rolled onto her belly then turned her head to Hazel and softly said

"Hi."

"Hi my beautiful." replied Hazel with a smile and a kiss. A few more minutes passed before the pressure on Sophia's bladder alerted her brain making her aware of her dire need to pee. Her eyes suddenly got really big as she gasped saying

"Oh my gosh. I need to pee. NOW!"

"You already did some."

"What?!" Sophia said in shock as she felt around. "Oh my gosh I'm so sorry Hazel."

"It's ok. I like it too remember." said Hazel in a comforting voice.

"Oh...yea...wow! Last night felt like it was a dream."

Hazel smiled at her then said

"Yea it did." As Sophia sat up, Hazel put her hand on Sophia's bulging bladder and whispered in her ear

"Sit here for a minute."

"I can't. I'll pee!"

"Well you have to hold it." At this point Sophia was sitting with her knees up and together smashing her hand into her crotch.

"How long do I have to hold for?"

"Well we both held it all night so just a few minutes of me pushing on your bladder."

"What?!"

"Yea. I'll gently push on it for 30 seconds like this..." Hazel puts a moderate but not painful amount of pressure on Sophia's bladder "Then 10 seconds is added for every leak."

"How many 30 second pushes?"

"3 more with 10 seconds in between."

"I don't think I'll make it!" The first 30 seconds passed quickly and Sophia thought ok this isn't so bad. That was until she felt Hazel add pressure starting the next 30 seconds. Time suddenly felt like it had slowed to quarter speed. Sophia let out a shriek as she felt her body very quickly reaching it's point of giving up. To her relief just as her body was going to give in, she felt Hazel reduce the pressure. Ahh relief she thought but the 10 second break felt like it was gone in a nanosecond. As she felt Hazel increase pressure once more she cried out

"No please no! I'll pee everywhere! Please no." That didn't stop Hazel. About two seconds in, Sophia knew it was all over. Her body was seconds from giving up. She started tearing up and pleading with Hazel

"Please I'm begging you. Please st....oh no no no noooo!" Her body had given in and she felt her hot piss start to escape. She desperately tried for what felt like 5 minutes, in reality it was about 3 seconds, to stop her flow before she succeeded.

"You leaked! Thats another 10 seconds" Hazel said.

"No no no I'm sorry! Please don't!" Hazel smiled, kissed Sophia, then said

"Good girl! Your done." Shocked and confused by what she just heard, Sophia asked

"What?"

"Your done. I just wanted to make you leak more and you were a very good girl and did!" Still confused, Sophia just sat there until she heard Hazel say

"Come on. Let's go pee." They both got up then went outside to pee. As they both squatted facing eachother to pee their desperation was overpowering their nervousness of being naked outside in the daylight. They both watched eachothers pussy as they peed. Once done Hazel stood up and said

"Whew I thought I wasn't going to make it."

Back in the tent as they both got dressed, Hazel made the recommendation to wear their long sleeves in preparation for the rougher trail. Sophia then asked

"Where are we going to put our wet clothes?"

"We can put them on the outside of our packs so they will dry in the sun as we hike."

"But people see them and wonder why they are wet." With a slight laugh Hazel replied

"I doubt we will see anyone else until our way home." Slightly worried, Sophia agreed. With their dirty laundry issue sorted they started packing up their sleeping bags and mats then moved all of their gear outside. After packing, Sophia said

"Well that was unexpected and awesome."

"What was?"

"You forcing me to leak this morning."

"Oh you liked it? I saw you tear up so thought you hated it."

"No! I loved it! I was just going along with the act."

"Oh ok. I'm glad you liked it." Hazel then changed the subject and asked

"Do you mind cooking breakfast and making some coffee while I take down our tent?"

"Yea I can do that!"

"Thank you!" As Sophia boiled the water Hazel broke down the tent, packed it in the stuff sack, then organized their gear. Once done, she sat down next to Sophia then started going over their plan for the day with Sophia.

"So this is a pretty short hike to the lagoon so we should have tons of time to hang out there."

"Thats awesome! How long is it?"

"About 3 miles but its on that primitive trail I was telling you about yesterday. As long as the trail isn't too bad, I can't see it taking longer than about 4 hours."

"Lets hope its not bad." said Sophia as she leaned closer to Hazel to say

"I want to get you naked on the beach." Hazel started turning red asking

"Oh yea?"

After the girls finished their breakfast and drank their coffee, Hazel put out the fire while Sophia packed up their cooking kit. Hazel did one last check of the campsite, spread the ashes from the fire, then put her pack on and started towards the lagoon. She led this segment of their journey since the trail would quickly become less maintained. As they reached their turn-off, Hazel suggested to grab their hats because for the next 2 miles they would be on a very narrow footpath across a mostly dry lake bed created when a sink hole opened taking the lake with it. The narrow trail is surrounded with thick tall grass and is in direct sunlight for the entirety of the 2 miles.

The first obstacle they came to was a large downed tree that once stood on the former shoreline. It took the girls about 5 minutes to pass this obstacle having to climb onto one branch in order to climb over the trunk then crawling under another branch. After the tree, the lake bed was relatively flat but the trail was nowhere near straight. Hazel, being from and living her whole life in Florida, didn't dare to cut corners as she knew that alligators and snakes were in the grass and water. Even with knowing that the chances of an attack with the cooler temps was unlikely, Hazel did not dare to drop her guard so she kept a very close eye for any movement or signs as they carefully moved along. Both girls continued talking while they walked even though they both were on high alert for predators.

The next obstacle was a stream about 20 feet wide.

"What do we do here?" asked Sophia.

"Well, it's too wide to jump so take our shoes and socks off, roll our pants up, and hope its not too deep. Atleast its clear so we can see the bottom." Nervously Sophia did what Hazel said then they Hazel crossed first. She moved slowly checking every step before putting weight on it and making sure not to step on anything sharp. The water depth was only to her mid shin until about three quarters of the way across when it started getting deeper. Hazel took her pack off and held it above her head incase she fell. Luckily she did as about 3 steps later she fell about chest deep into an old fish bed. Sophia gasped as Hazel fell asking in concern

"Are you ok?"

"Yea I'm fine. Just watch out for that hole." Hazel was trying to wring out as much water from her clothes as possible as Sophia crossed. Thankfully her crossing was uneventful. As they both put their shoes back on Sophia asked

"Are you sure your ok?"

"Yea just kind of cold now."

"Why don't you change? No one is around."

"We can't sit here too long. This is a water source for animals so there could be gators waiting. I'll be ok with the sun on us."

"Ok..."

Down the trail about 15 minutes later Sophia asked

"How you doing Hazel?"

"Well I'm not cold anymore but my clothes are still pretty wet...Oh and I really have to pee now."

"Just go! Your already wet."

"I know...it's tempting but I'm trying to let my clothes dry and I'm not about to get bit by a snake squatting to pee in this grass."

"Oh. Ok." Sophia was secretly enjoying her friends needs.

"Do you want me to control your bladder?" Hesitantly Hazel answered

"Umm...sure. That could be fun."

"Ok drink a quarter of your water bottle now." Being a good girl, Hazel grabbed her water bottle and started drinking. She was nervous about what Sophia had in mind as she knew there would be pay back for this morning.

"How do you feel now?"

"Umm...I'd say probably 7 or 8 out of 10."

"Hmm..." As they continued walking Sophia thought of more challenges to give Hazel. Around 10 minutes later, they were nearing the other side of the lake bed. Sophia said

"Drink another quarter." Hazel obeyed and followed her orders. Once off the lake bed they both agreed to take a break for a few minutes. Sophia asked

"How much further is it from here?"

"Not far at all. Maybe 30 minutes. Why?"

"Oh I was just wondering." Hazel knew that Sophia was cooking something up so she asked

"So what are my challenges? How long are you going to make me hold?"

"Well that depends. How wet are your clothes?"

"They are still kind of damp." Sophia thought for a moment about what she wanted Hazel to do.

"Drink the rest of your water bottle then take your leggings and panties off."

"Here?!" exclaimed Hazel.

"Yea. After you finish your water, if you can squat down like your peeing for 2 minutes then walk for 15 minutes without leaking at all then I will give you A pair of leggings to put on."

"What if I do leak?"

"Then you will have to fully strip and stay completely naked until dinner."

"What if I don't want to do that?" Sophia paused for a moment to think.

"Well...if you don't follow directions then you will have to wear the diapers I brought for the rest of our trip and you will be allowed to pee ONLY in the diaper." Hazel finished her water then pulled her leggings and panties down. In a very sexy and seductive way she lifted one foot out at a time then handed them to Sophia. Sophia pulled Hazel's warm damp panties straight to her nose taking a deep breath in then sighing

"Ahhh so sweet. Its like a beautiful flower." As Hazel squatted like she was about to pee, her body got excited making it extremely difficult to hold. The 2 minutes passed then they started walking. Wanting to pee so badly, Hazel contemplated stripping the rest of the way just so she could get some relief. With her hand pressed against her pussy she squeezed her thighs tightly together trying to prevent leaks.

"How bad do you have to go now?" asked Sophia.

"Bad! I'm definitely at 9 or even 10 out of 10!"

"Well you only have 3 more minutes then your 15 minutes are up."

"Yea, what then? More water?"

"Don't be silly." Sophia said with a joking laugh. Hazel continued waddling and grabbing her pussy hoping Sophia would give her relief.

"Time!" called Sophia.

"Great what now?"

"Squat like your going to pee again." Hazel complied but still had her hand pressed between her perfectly bare quivering lips.

"Now what?"

"Move your hand."

"I'll pee!"

"I'm confident you can hold it it." Once again Hazel did what she was told to.

"How long do I have to sit here?" Hazel cried out looking at the ground. She heard some noise and looked up. She was shocked to see Sophia pulling her panties down as she squatted then said

"Watch me pee then you can go for 10 seconds." Hazel watched in agony as a thick forceful stream of hot clear pee shot out from Sophia's labia. It seemed to go on forever. Mesmerized, desperate, and now horny, Hazel watched as the last little bit dribbled out flowing down her pussy towards her butt as Sophia stood up. Hazel forgetting about her need for a moment said

"Come here so I can kiss your mound." Sophia went over to Hazel, leggings and panties around her ankles. Hazel then grabbed Sophia's heart shaped ass and gently made out with her bald mound for a few seconds ending with a lick up across her pussy lips sending chills all over Sophia's body.

"You can pee for 15 seconds then stop." Barely finishing her sentence Sophia heard a loud hiss from under Hazel then started counting.

"1 one thousand 2 one thousand 3 one thousand..."

"Stop! Thats 15 seconds. Stand up." It took Hazel about another 2 seconds to stop her flow. Giving her a minute for the pain of stopping mid flow to subside Sophia then asked

"Better?"

"I guess."

"Great! Lets go."

*008*2022-06-28 04:33

I'm glad everyone is enjoying it!

As of right now I have 10 chapters planned and I'm currently working on chapter 5.

*010*2022-06-28 20:56

{{14 hours ago, DerekOmoso said:

Oh, that's awesome! I love the story so far. Can't wait for more. I will say though... As critical feedback... Some of the points do seem abrupt? But I don't think it's a bad thing in this story. It actually works pretty well! I was just pointing it out there! Love the story and characters!

}}

Thank you for the feedback! What do you mean by some of the points are abrupt? This is my first story so I'm trying to understand and learn so that I can fix them and make better stories in the future.

*012*2022-06-28 21:37

{{31 minutes ago, DerekOmoso said:

This part here kind of seems abrupt? Like Sophia asking if Hazel liked making her hold it. I mean that could also be how the character is. But other than that this is fantastic. The speech you use is great. 'Wanting to test the waters...' Is SO good. Love the line. Bravo to you!

}}

Oh ok thank you! I will definitely keep that in mind as I work on the future chapters!

*014*2022-06-29 04:27

Thank you!

*015*2022-06-30 22:11

Chapter 5

Manatee Lagoon

After arriving at the lagoon and choosing a spot to set up camp, Hazel asked

"Can I pee now?"

"In a bit." replied Sophia.

"Uggg...what if I completely strip? Then can I go?"

"Sure...after we eat." Fustrated and desperate Hazel said

"Fine! But if your going to make me wait then you have to get completely naked too!"

"Ok." Sophia said as she started taking her shirt off. Once she had her shirt and bra off, Sophia walked over to Hazel and told her

"If you want me naked then you have to take my bottom half off." Hazel started by untying Sophia's shoes as she looked up her flat belly to her breasts. Once she had Sophia's shoes off, Hazel started at her ankles rubbing her hands up over the soft fabric stretched tightly across Sophia's sexy legs up to her waistband. Slipping her fingers into the waistband, Hazel started slowly pulling Sophia's leggings down collecting her panties on the way. Once she pulled them to about Sophia's mid thigh Hazel stopped as she was once again face to face with Sophia's private region. Sophia looked down at Hazel to see why she stopped and found Hazel was lost staring at her. Hazel was mesmerized taking in how Sophia's buttery soft flawless skin folded and curved to form her gorgeous pussy and sexy wide hips.

"Hazel. Hazel. Yoo hoo Hazel!" Surprised again in the same way as the day before when Sophia caught her staring at her ass, Hazel looked up fumbling for words

"Y...yea. Sorry." her eyes started moving back down again "Your just so sexy I can't help it."

"Are you talking to me or to her?" asked Sophia with a chuckle.

"Oh umm...both...you." Sophia then pulled her pants the rest of the way off and told Hazel to stand up. Sophia cradled Hazel's face in her hands and said

"You are sexy too Hazel." Hazel blushed then said

"Thanks."

"I really mean that! I've always thought you were sexy. I've actually wanted this...us...for a long time...I was just always afraid to ask you out. I don't get naked in front of many people but with you it's different...I actually want to be naked when I'm around you." Sophia then gave Hazel a kiss on the forehead making her turn bright red. Hazel wrapped her arms around Sophia and never wanted to let go.

Manatee Lagoon is a postcard perfect tropical paradise with plam trees everywhere, beautiful white sandy beaches, gorgeous ocean views through the palms, and greenish blue tinged crystal clear water. As they waded in, the chill of the water hitting Hazel's private region made every muscle in her body contract sending her urge to pee into the stratosphere. Hazel, not wanting to disappoint Sophia, did everything she could to not leak as she begged Sophia

"Please let me pee. Please! I'll do anything! Just please let me pee! I'm literally about to burst!"

"Sure, but I want to feel it." Hazel quickly moved closer to Sophia, wrapped her legs tightly around her pressing her pussy tight against Sophia's hip. It only took a couple of seconds for Sophia to feel the chill of the water dissipate as it was being replaced by a warm blanket growing between the two of them eventually warming the water around them for a few moments. A sigh of relief came from Hazel as her bladder finally found relief.

"How was that?" Hazel asked.

"Wonderful! And the warmth was perfect in this cold water!"

"Yea I think both of our nipples could cut glass right now."

It didn't take much longer for both girls to acclimate to the water. Hazel explored a little as Sophia hung out in roughly the same spot eventually moving to lay in the surf line. From her desperation, Hazel was very horny when she saw Sophia sunning as the gentle waves lapped the cool water onto nude body just enough to keep it glistening like a diamond in the sunlight. Hazel started slowly swimming towards Sophia careful not to make a sound. Once in shallow enough water she started crawling with the utmost stealth planning to surprise Sophia with a kiss. Her plan to surprise Sophia worked but not in the way she expected. Right as she was about to surprise Sophia, a bigger wave came up that splashed some water on Sophia's face. Surprised by the cool water on her face, Sophia lifted her head and opened her eyes. With her eyes trying to adjust to the bright light, she was startled when she heard Hazel say

"Hey beautiful." Sophia let out a loud shriek and lifted her hand up as a natural reaction to being startled. She then used her raised hand to block the sun to look at Hazel as she said

"Woah! Hey...you scared me. I thought you were still swimming over near the rocks."

"Sorry." Hazel replied. With her nerves calming back down, Sophia asked

"What are you doing?"

"I saw you sunning and well its you...naked...and wet. I had to come over to you." Sophia was just about to say something else when Hazel started kissing her. Sophia opened her legs and lifted her knees while giving Hazel a little push from the side signaling her to get on top of her. Hazel moved on top of Sophia as she felt Sophia's arms wrap around her. When Hazel's hair fell into Sophia's face, Sophia lifted her hips making Hazel start slowly moving up and down as they both softly moaned and kissed.

After their needs were met in the surf, both girls got up and moved to the shade where they were planning to set up camp. After cooling off for a few minutes Hazel said

"I'm going to get dressed then go find us some firewood." As they both got dressed, Hazel asked

"Once I get back do you want to help me set up camp?"

"Of course! Do you want help with the firewood?"

"No thanks. I'm good. You just relax and enjoy."

"Are you sure? I feel bad."

"Yes. I want you to relax." Reluctantly Sophia agreed saying

"Ok. Be safe." Apart from eachothers company, both girls reflected on everything that has happened the last day and a half. As Sophia laid back resting her head on her pack and got comfortable, she started feeling the urge to pee. Still being horny even after climaxing on the beach, combined with not wanting to get up, proved to be the perfect recipe for dirty thoughts to come to mind. Several minutes had passed as she thought about what she wanted to do. Finally deciding that she wanted to wet herself, she sat up with her sexy long legs pressed together and straight out infront of her.

She then layed back supporting her upper body with her arms behind her as she relaxed letting her body take control. Nothing happened for the first few minutes so she decided to give her body a little help. With just the slightest, almost undetectable, amount of added pressure, she started feeling the bliss of her hot pee trickling through her leggings. The feeling made her relax more falling back onto her pack. Dispite the fact that not having panties on allowed the majority of her flow to directly escape her leggings, she could still feel a little bit of her warm pee trickling down over her taint and between her butt cheeks. It wasn't a long pee by any means but it did feel great. It wasn't much longer until she heard Hazel returning.

As Hazel set down the firewood she had collected, she said

"Hey you. What did you do while I was gone?" Sophia just smiled. Hazel was a little bit confused and asked

"What?"

"I was naughty." Sophia replied with a flirty smile. "Want to come see?"

"Yes!" Hazel said as she walked toward Sophia. As Hazel bent over her, Sophia reached up grabbing Hazel's hand then pulling it down between her legs showing off her wet spot. Once Hazel felt that Sophia had wet herself, she started rubbing her gently over her leggings. Hazel then whispered in Sophia's ear

"You've been a naughty girl." Sophia blushed some then said

"Yea I do it for you." Hazel gave one final higher pressured down and up stroke over Sophia's pee soaked pussy then kissed her on top of the head saying

"You have to stay in those leggings now." Obviously pretending to be distressed by the news, Sophia said

"Ok."

After taking about 2 hours to set up camp, both girls decided that they wanted to lay out in the sun to get one last tan before winter then swim afterwards to cool off. Manatee Lagoon is very isolated so neither of them felt nervous to strip naked again. As they sat in the shade preparing to lay out in the sun, they each took their time rubbing the sun tan lotion on eachother making sure to thoroughly cover every inch. Not because they were worried about burning but because they enjoyed carefully examining and touching every single pore of the other's skin.

*017*2022-07-02 21:44

Thank you!

*018*2022-07-09 19:44

Chapter 6

Unexpected Events

Laying on the beach completely nude, the sun was reflecting off both girls bodies revealing every single sexy curve. Hazel was starting to feel hot and asked Sophia if she was ready to swim. Sophia, feeling hot herself, agreed but once in the water neither of them wanted to swim for long. The water felt considerably cooler now. After swimming for a bit Hazel suggested

"Hey, before we get out why don't we just go ahead and bathe?"

"Yea good idea. It's cold and I'd rather not have to get back in." Hazel ran up to her pack to grab the soap she had brought with her. Once Hazel returned Sophia asked

"Do you want me to bathe you?"

"Sure!" Sophia smiled and immediately started rubbing the soap all over Hazel's body. As the suds built up Hazel moaned in contentment from the feel of Sophia's hands as she lathered up her body. Hazel was torn, it felt so good that she didn't want Sophia to ever stop but she also couldn't wait to get her hands back on Sophia's body. Once it was Sophia's turn to be bathed, Hazel definitely took her time. She got behind Sophia reaching under her arms to reach her front. Hazel moved top to bottom giving Sophia a massage as she went along. Hazel started with Sophia's hair then moved to under Sophia's chin and neck then on to her shoulders down each arm giving her a hand massage as she went.

Next was Sophia's breasts. From this point down until Hazel reached her lower abdomen, Sophia completely relaxed laying her head back on Hazel's shoulder. As Hazel worked the soap into her skin she cradled Sophia's boobs, teased her nipples, and gave her tits a deep tissue rub. A lot of time was spent on Sophia's chest. Next was her flat stomach and wide hips. As she continued moving down, Hazel felt her hand go over a speed bump that was Sophia's bladder. At this point Hazel got down on her knees and had Sophia turn around. Hazel's soapy hand glided over Sophia's sexy bulging bladder on its way to her pussy mound. Once there Hazel really slowed down taking her time in this region, carefully ensuring that she got every bit, examining her in the process. Sophia didn't care how long it took, it just felt great to have someone down there.

After rinsing, they both got out of the water, dried off, and got dressed. Hazel then asked

"Do you want me to teach you how to start a fire?"

"Yea."

"Ok, well lets get started so we can have a good fire going before it gets dark." Hazel kindly taught Sophia the basics helping her when needed. Sophia caught on very quickly and in no time she had a nice warm relaxing fire burning. Sophia boiled water for dinner and tea while Hazel distilled the water she had collected earlier from the lagoon.

"What is that?" Sophia asked.

"It's my desalination still I made so I can get drinking water from saltwater."

"You made that?!"

"Yea."

"Thats cool!"

"Thanks!" As they waited for the water to boil, Sophia asked

"What is dinner tonight?"

"Umm I'm thinking I'll have the spaghetti. What about you?"

"I'm having you." Sophia said with a sexy smile. Now blushing Hazel replied

"That's desert." Sophia chuckled lightly then asked

"What are my options?" Rummaging through the bag Hazel listed off all the meals they had left

"Mac and cheese with beef. Chicken fried rice. Another spaghetti. Chicken and mashed potatoes. Homest..." Sophia stopped her there saying

"The chicken and mashed potatoes sounds good. I'll take that." Hazel opened both of their food packets in preparation to add the hot water.

After eating and tending to the fire, Hazel laid down with Sophia joining soon after. They laid next to eachother near the fire for a bit without saying a word. Just relaxing while listening to the sounds of nature, the crackling of the fire, and the rhythmic rush of the waves breaking in the distance. Sophia was just starting to drift off into sleep when she caught herself. She then reluctantly got up and told Hazel

"I'm going to the tent before I fall asleep out here." Hazel got up with Sophia following her to the tent. As they both go undressed Hazel asked

"Do you still want to share the sleeping bag?"

"Of course. Why wouldn't I?" Hazel was the first one to completely undress so she was quick to get into the sleeping bag so she didn't get cold. As Sophia slid her sexy body into the sleeping bag, Hazel started feeling very horny. She asked

"Do you want me to spoon you?"

"Yea I'm cold now." Hazel moved her hand over Sophia's waist acting like she was just going to hug her from behind. But as her hand reached Sophia's belly, it started moving south. Sophia, despite being very tired, wasn't completely opposed to Hazel rubbing her pussy. For the first few minutes she didn't react at all before finally opening her legs just enough to let Hazel's fingers gain access to her vaginal opening. Hazel whispered in her ear

"You are so wet and juicy." With that Hazel inserted 2 fingers inside Sophia then removed her hand bringing it to her mouth. Sophia rolled onto her back as she watched Hazel's wet fingers travel to her mouth. Hazel let out a soft moan as she sucked Sophia's juices off her fingers. Once done she looked at Sophia, who was biting her lip as she watched, then let Sophia lick the last little bit off. Sophia moaned pushing Hazel's hand back towards her pussy then started making out with Hazel. Hazel did a few more rub and licks along with mixing in some clitoris action. By this point Sophia knees were up and spread and Hazel was fully cupping her pussy. She was fingering Sophia with 2 fingers while stroking her clitoris with the heal of her palm. Suddenly, right as things were starting to get really intense and passionate, a loud crack of thunder struck out of nowhere making them both jump and Sophia pee a little in Hazel's hand.

"Where did that come from?!" shouted Sophia.

"I'm not sure." said Hazel as she sat up to grab her phone from her pack.

"What are you doing?"

"Checking the weather."

"Didn't the forecast say it was sunny all weekend?"

"Yea. It must have chan....oh shit!" Hearing that, Sophia sat up worried asking

"What is it? Is it bad?" Hazel lifted her phone up so Sophia could see it.

"Is that...?"

"Yea. That tropical storm that was supposed to hit Texas. It's now a category 1 hurricane and unexpectedly turned east and now is coming straight towards Florida."

"How far away is it? Where is it supposed to hit?"

"It looks like it will hit near Tampa tomorrow but one of the outer bands will be here soon." Hazel tried to keep Sophia calm as she formulated a plan and tried to hide her nervousness from her.

"How bad is it going to be?"

"It looks like its just rain and maybe some wind. We should be far enough away that it will just be like any other typical Florida thunderstorm. Hopefully by morning it will be gone. Now I'm glad that we were going home tomorrow anyways." Clearly nervous Sophia asked

"What if we start hiking now?"

"Our best option is to stay here. It's dangerous to hike at night even on a clear night."

"Are you sure?"

"Yea. We're ok. I wouldn't put you into danger." Comforted some by Hazel's promise but still nervous, Sophia said

"Ook."

They both had a hard time trying to fall asleep. Sophia felt safe in Hazel's arms but it didn't help her sleep. Hazel was going through scenarios in her head asking herself what if this or that happens as she was trying to make a plan to get back home. After a bit, she knew that Sophia wasn't asleep so as a distraction, Hazel said

"This rain is making me have to pee."

"Me too! But I don't want to go out there."

"Well...what should we do?"

"I'm going to hold it."

Around an hour later, both girls still awake with Hazel still cuddling Sophia, Sophia once again rolled onto her back but this time with frustration saying

"I can't hold it. Not with this rain."

"Ok. So what do you suggest?" Sophia thought for a moment then suddenly started getting a look in her eyes. Hazel could see that her plan had finally worked, Sophia was no longer worried about the storm. Looking into Sophia's eyes Hazel asked

"What is it? I can see your dirty little mind has an idea." Pausing for a moment to think over her idea, Sophia eventually asked

"Is your sleeping bag big enough for both of us?"

"We could probably both fit in it but not comfortably. Why?"

"I kind of want to put our panties on then both get back into a sleeping bag then pee together. Then maybe sleep together in the wet bag and tomorrow as we hike...we wear eachothers wet panties."

"What does that have to do with my bag?" Hazel asked playfully.

"Nothing. I was just trying to decide what bag to pee in so we don't have to sleep in a wet bag for the rest of the trip."

"I don't mind."

"You don't mind what?"

"Sleeping in a wet bag every night." Even in darkness, Hazel could feel that she was blushing by her face suddenly warming up. "Can I tell you something?"

"Of course."

"The idea of sleeping in a puddle of our pee is very hot to me. I even pee my bed sometimes. On purpose! Thats why I always keep my bedroom door closed so people can't see it."

"I do too." Hearing that made Hazel feel less embarrassed so she felt Sophia's face so she could kiss her. Sophia reached to turn on the lantern so they could find their panties. After putting them on, Hazel said

"Get on top so I can feel your pee better." Sophia gladly agreed then straddled Hazel's hips sitting pussy to pussy the asked

"Ready?"

"Yea." After a few moments Hazel started hearing a loud hiss immediately followed by a very hot wet feeling. As Hazel sucked in her belly allowing Sophia's hot pee to flow over her belly, she reached up to rub it all over her belly and chest. Hazel moaned as she felt Sophia's pee flow down her sides, between her legs, and pooling under her butt. Sophia completely relaxed letting her body take over. Her pee lasted just over a minute. Once she was done, she got off Hazel then said your turn. Hazel straddled Sophia in the same way returning the favor. Hazel's stream wasn't as intense or as long as Sophia's was but that didn't matter. Once Hazel finished peeing, they were both very horny and finished what they had started earlier then cuddled down. Calming down after their wild and wet lesbian sex, Hazel said

"Anytime you have to pee tonight, just go." With a smile and a chuckle Sophia said

"You too." followed by a long passionate kiss ending with.

"I love you." Surprised by hearing Sophia say that, but feeling the same way, Hazel gladly said

"I love you too Sophia." Hazel once again cuddled up behind Sophia then put her hand inside Sophia's soaked panties cupping her pussy as they slept.

*020*2022-07-19 15:54

Thank you!

