The Pact

Author: Debo

*000*2026-01-10 20:59

Hour 1 - Vera Blackwood

I couldn’t stop the thrill buzzing through me as I paced my top-floor office, the city lights twinkling like distant stars through the floor-to-ceiling windows. It was New Year’s Eve, the building deserted, just how I wanted it. My heart raced not from fear, but from that delicious anticipation—the kind that coiled low in my belly, mixing with the growing pressure in my bladder. Tonight was the night I’d push my limits further than ever. No more controlled releases in the shower, piss cascading down my legs as I let go in pretend helplessness, or those sneaky sessions in my yard under the cover of night, where the grass muffled the evidence and I could clean up in seconds. 

Those were safe, scripted, but they lacked the edge of true vulnerability. Tonight, I’d simulate a real accident: trapped in the elevator by my own security protocol, no escape for six full hours, my body betraying me in a confined space with no way out. The idea of it— the inevitability, the loss of control—had me so turned on I could barely focus. I’d chugged two large coffees and a bottle of water over the last hour, feeling the diuretic kick in, that insistent fullness building like a storm. Tonight it was finally time for my perfectly orchestrated scenario, hold as long as I could, then surrender. God, just thinking about the warm flood soaking my uniform pants, the relief mingled with shame… it made my skin flush hot.

I glanced at the clock—midnight approaching. Time to move. I grabbed my jacket, smoothed my black security uniform, and headed for the executive elevator. My steps were deliberate, thighs already pressing together subtly against the mounting urge. The protocol was set: as soon as the doors closed and the car started descending, it would activate—lights dim, comms jammed, doors sealed. A “cyber-threat simulation” I’d programmed myself, foolproof and unoverrideable from inside. Six hours of exquisite torture, all mine.

The elevator doors slid open with a soft ding, and I stepped in, my pulse quickening. But wait—there were people inside. Two women, neither of whom I expected. One was Layla Brooks, our young intern, her dark skin glowing under the lights, curly hair tied back, dressed in sweaty gym gear with a bag at her feet. The other was Harper Quinn, the company’s sharp-tongued lawyer, her skinny frame clad in a pencil skirt and blouse, blonde hair in a neat bun, briefcase in hand. What the hell? The building should be empty. I froze for a split second, confusion crashing over me like cold water. Had I miscalculated the holiday schedule? Layla smiled awkwardly. “Hey, Ms. Blackwood. Late night too?” Harper nodded curtly, eyes on her phone.

Too late to back out—the doors were already closing behind me. I forced a smile, stepping fully in. “Yeah, wrapping up some protocols. You two as well?” My mind raced: abort the plan? But the activation was automatic, tied to the descent. As the elevator hummed to life and began dropping, a subtle beep echoed, the lights flickering to dim red emergency mode. The car jolted to a stop between floors, the display panel flashing: “Security Protocol Activated: Lockdown in Effect. Release in 5:59:59.”

Shit. My secret thrill twisted into panic. This was supposed to be solo. Now I had an audience, and the protocol was live—no turning back without confessing everything. Layla’s eyes widened. “What? Are we stuck?” Harper banged on the doors. “This can’t be serious. Vera, you’re head of security—fix this!”

I composed myself, drawing on years of crisis training, even as my bladder throbbed in protest. “Let me check.” I accessed the hidden admin panel with my code—familiar territory, since I’d built it. The interface confirmed what I knew: comms down, no external signals, timer locked. “It’s a glitch in the threat simulation protocol,” I lied smoothly, my voice steady despite the wave of urgency making me shift my weight. “Designed to mimic a real lockdown. No overrides from in here, and the building’s isolated tonight. We’ll be out in exactly six hours.”

Six hours. The words hung heavy. Layla slumped against the wall. “Great, just what I needed after that workout.” Harper crossed her arms, looking pissed. “Unbelievable. I have places to be.”

We settled into an uneasy silence at first, the elevator’s hum the only sound. I leaned against the mirrored wall, crossing my legs casually, but inside, the pressure was building relentlessly. The coffee’s diuretic effect was in full swing—sharp twinges every few minutes, forcing me to clench muscles I didn’t want to strain yet. It was torture, but the good kind, amplified by the risk of exposure. I savored it secretly, my arousal simmering beneath the surface, even as guilt nipped at me for dragging them into this.

As the minutes ticked by—thirty, forty—the attempts to call for outside help gave way and the awkward small talk began. Layla chatted about her internship, how she’d stayed late for her gym session that night, but I noticed her fidgeting more than usual, hand occasionally drifting to her stomach, a slight wince crossing her face. Was that… discomfort? Similar to mine? And Harper, usually so poised, began pacing the limited space, her heels clicking, legs crossing tighter each time she stopped. Neither woman admitted it, but I was a keen observer of the body’s subtle tells when one had to empty their bladder, so I began to suspect I wasn’t the only one holding it.

By the hour’s end, the timer read 4:59:12, and my own hold was a constant ache, thighs pressed firm, breaths deep to maintain control. But I couldn’t ignore it anymore—the signs from them were mirroring my own. Layla curled up a bit on her bag, rocking subtly, saying she was tired from her workout. Harper’s squirming grew less subtle, her hand brushing her thigh as if to steady herself. Were they desperate too? The realization sent a forbidden spark through me—this unintended company was turning my solo pact into something far more intense, but the thrill was undeniable.

*001*2026-01-10 21:14

Hour 2 - Harper Quinn

God, what a mess this night had turned into. I rubbed my temples, staring at the glowing red timer on the elevator panel: 4:59:00 and counting down so damn slowly. Why was I even here this late? It all started with that blowout fight with Mark earlier—another round of him accusing me of prioritizing work over our marriage, me snapping back that someone had to keep the lights on since his “entrepreneurial ventures” were bleeding us dry. The yelling escalating until I stormed out, grabbing my briefcase and heading to the office just to spite him. “Fine, I’ll work late!” I’d shouted, slamming the door. 

But as the hours dragged on in my quiet cubicle, buried in contract reviews and fueled by way too many lattes from the break room machine, the anger fizzled into exhaustion. Around midnight, I finally packed up, deciding to slink home and maybe apologize—or at least crash on the couch. New Year’s Eve, and here I was, playing the dedicated lawyer instead of ringing in the year with a glass of champagne. Little did I know, stepping into this elevator would trap me in a nightmare.

The doors had closed with Vera Blackwood and that intern, Layla, already inside—polite nods all around—and then bam, the whole thing ground to a halt. Vera’s explanation about some security glitch rang hollow; as the company’s lawyer, I’d reviewed enough protocols to know this shouldn’t happen on a holiday with no one around. Six hours? It was infuriating. I paced the narrow space, my heels echoing like accusations, while Vera leaned calmly against the wall and Layla sat on her gym bag, fiddling with her phone (which, of course, had no signal). “This is unacceptable,” I muttered for the third time, crossing my arms. “There has to be a liability here. If I draft a complaint…”

But underneath the frustration, something else was brewing—a nagging pressure in my bladder that I’d been ignoring since my last coffee refill an hour ago. At first, it was just a mild twinge, the kind you push aside during a long meeting. I shifted my weight, crossing my legs as I leaned against the mirrored wall, telling myself it was nothing. The caffeine was a diuretic, sure, but I’d handled worse during all-nighters in law school. Still, as the minutes ticked by—4:45:00 now—the discomfort grew, evolving from a whisper to a persistent ache. I stopped pacing to sit on the edge of the small bench, thighs pressed together, trying to focus on anything else. Deep breaths, Harper. You’ve got this.

Vera tried to make small talk, asking about our holidays, but I wasn’t in the mood. “Look, no offense, but chit-chat isn’t getting us out of here,” I snapped, my tone sharper than intended. The pressure was building faster than I expected, a deep fullness that made me clench involuntarily. By the halfway mark of the hour—around 4:30:00—it had escalated to a throbbing urgency, waves of need rolling through me every few minutes. I glanced at the timer again, heart sinking. Four more hours? No way. I couldn’t possibly hold it that long. The thought sent a flicker of panic through me—what if I couldn’t? In here, with these two? The embarrassment would be mortifying. I adjusted my skirt, hand brushing my thigh as if to steady myself, but really to apply subtle pressure. Just distract yourself. Think about the fight with Mark, the stack of emails waiting…

I barely registered the others—Vera seemed annoyingly composed, like this was just another drill, and Layla was quiet, certainly tired from how late it was. Frustration boiled over as the timer hit 3:59:59. “This is ridiculous,” I said aloud, voice tight. “I can’t believe we’re stuck like this. Someone’s head is going to roll for this glitch.”

*002*2026-01-10 21:27

Hour 3 - Layla

Ugh, why did I think staying late for that gym session was a good idea? I mean, the office gym is free for interns like me, and I needed to blow off steam after a long day of data entry and coffee runs. But now, staring at the elevator timer ticking down from 3:59:59, I regretted every squat and that protein shake I’d chugged afterward. It was New Year’s Eve, for crying out loud—I should’ve been home by now, curled up with Netflix, not trapped in this metal box with my boss, Ms. Blackwood, and that intense lawyer lady, Harper. I’d planned to head straight home after my workout, hit the bathroom in privacy like I always do. Public toilets? No thanks. Germy, echoey nightmares where everyone can hear everything. I’d been holding it since mid-afternoon, figuring I’d make it home easy. But then the elevator stopped, and Vera explained the six-hour lockdown, and… yeah, here we were.

The first hour had been annoying but manageable—a little cramping in my stomach, nothing I couldn’t ignore by scrolling my phone or chatting about nothing. The last hour though—that’s when it started getting real. The cramps turned into these deep, insistent waves, like my body was knocking on the door saying, “Hey, time’s up.” I shifted on my gym bag, trying to find a position that didn’t make it worse, but everything—sitting, standing, leaning—just poked at it. By now, entering hour three, it was full-on torture. My bowels felt heavy, bloated, like a balloon about to pop, and every few minutes, a sharp urge would hit, making me clench everything down there just to keep control. Sweat beaded on my forehead, mixing with the post-gym glow on my skin, and I could feel my curly ponytail sticking to my neck. God, please don’t let there be gas—I’d die if that slipped out in here.

I glanced at the others, hoping they couldn’t tell. Vera looked so put-together, like always, leaning against the wall with her arms crossed, her dark uniform crisp even in this dim red light. Harper was pacing again, her heels clicking in that frustrated rhythm, her blonde bun starting to loosen. They seemed annoyed about the wait, but not… like this. Not dealing with what I was. Another cramp rolled through me, stronger this time, and I had to bite my lip to stifle a whimper. I pressed a hand to my stomach under my hoodie, rubbing circles like that might calm it down. No luck. The pressure built, that familiar fullness pushing lower, urging me to just… go. 

But in here? No way. The thought made my cheeks burn—pooping my pants like a kid? In front of my boss and a lawyer? I’d never live it down. I crossed my legs tighter, rocking subtly back and forth on my bag, trying to distract myself. Think about something else. The internship—yeah, it’s been tough, but landing this gig at Aegis was a big deal for a criminal justice major like me. Proving myself, networking… but right now, all I could focus on was the growing desperation, the way my body was betraying me, teasing me with false alarms where I’d clench hard, heart pounding, only for the wave to subside just enough to give me hope.

Minutes dragged—3:45:00 now—and the teases kept coming. A gurgle in my gut made me freeze, praying no one heard. Then another surge, this one making me curl up a bit, knees to chest, as if that could hold everything in. “You okay, Layla?” Vera asked suddenly, her voice calm but probing. I nodded too quickly, forcing a smile. “Yeah, just… that workout really kicked my butt. Stomach’s acting up.” Understatement of the year. Harper chimed in, her voice tight: “Tell me about it. All that coffee’s catching up to me too.” She was squirming now, hand on her thigh—wait, was she desperate too? She had to pee? The idea made me feel a tiny bit less alone, but my own need was different, messier, more embarrassing. I hinted at it vaguely: “I hate using public bathrooms for… you know, that stuff. Was holding off till home.” Harper snorted. “Caffeine habit’s my curse. Feels like I can’t wait much longer.”

The air felt thicker, the elevator’s hum mocking us. Another intense cramp hit at 3:30:00, this one lingering, making me gasp softly. I clenched with everything I had, thighs trembling, the pressure so close to the edge it was like my body was playing a cruel game—pushing, retreating, teasing me with the brink of disaster. Sweat trickled down my back, my leggings feeling too tight, too revealing. How much longer could I hold? Four more hours? No, impossible. Tears pricked my eyes, but I blinked them back—don’t cry, Layla, you’re an adult.

*003*2026-01-10 21:51

Hour 4 - Vera

The timer had just dipped below the three-hour mark—2:59:47 glaring at me in that unforgiving red glow—and I couldn’t ignore the raw desperation etched on their faces anymore. Or mine, for that matter. My bladder was a volcano on the verge of eruption, the pressure from all that water and coffee I’d loaded up on earlier now a relentless, burning ache that made every breath a battle. I’d planned this for solitude, for that exquisite simulation of a real accident where I’d have no choice but to let go, the warmth spreading uncontrollably in my pants like some forbidden release. But here, with Layla and Harper, it had twisted into something more intense, more dangerous. 

Their subtle signs—Layla’s curled posture, hand on her belly; Harper’s frantic pacing, thighs squeezed tight—mirrored my own torment, and guilt gnawed at me alongside the thrill. This was my doing, my secret protocol, and now we were all paying for it. The confined space felt smaller, the mirrors reflecting our fidgety forms back at us, amplifying every shift and sigh. The air was already stale, tinged with the faint metallic scent of the emergency systems, and I knew it was only going to get more charged.

I couldn’t let it drag on like this. The idea had been bubbling in my mind for the last half-hour, born from my kink’s dark logic: if we shared the shame, it might dilute it, turn vulnerability into a bond. Or, for me, amplify the arousal in ways I hadn’t anticipated. I cleared my throat, my voice steadier than I felt, as I shifted my weight to ease a fresh wave crashing against my resolve. “Listen,” I said, meeting their eyes one by one. “We’re halfway through, but it’s clear we’re all exhausted and struggling. Holding on is just making it worse. What if we make a pact? Let it happen together—have our little accidents right here, share the embarrassment so no one feels alone. And we swear, what happens in this elevator never leaves it. Not a word to anyone. We walk out, clean up, and it’s like it never happened.”

The words hung in the stale air, the elevator’s hum underscoring the tension like a low, mocking drone. Layla’s eyes went wide, her face flushing deeper against her dark skin as she hugged her knees tighter, her gym bag crinkling under her. “You mean… just go? In our clothes? Like, on purpose?” Her voice was small, laced with horror, but there was a flicker of relief in it too, like the idea of not fighting alone was tempting. Harper stopped mid-pace, her blonde bun frayed and strands escaping, staring at me like I’d suggested we strip naked. “That’s… crazy, Vera. Absolutely insane.” She crossed her arms, but her legs stayed pressed together, betraying her.

“But god, I don’t know if I can hold much longer. This coffee is killing me.” Silence stretched, broken only by a soft gurgle from Layla’s direction that made her wince and press her hand harder against her stomach. I could see the war on their faces—pride versus pain. Finally, Harper let out a frustrated sigh and nodded, reluctant but resigned. “Fine. Pact. If we’re doing this, let’s get it over with.” Layla bit her lip, another cramp visibly twisting her features, her curly ponytail bobbing as she nodded. “Okay. Together. I… I guess it’s better than suffering alone.”

No sooner had we sealed it than Harper gasped, bending forward slightly at the waist, her hands gripping her thighs. “Oh hell—it’s starting. I can’t… “ Her pencil skirt darkened at the crotch almost immediately, the stain spreading rapidly down her slender legs in jagged rivulets as a hissing sound filled the space, warm liquid pooling at her heels on the elevator floor. She covered her face with one hand, cheeks burning crimson under the red lights, but her shoulders sagged in visible relief, a long exhale escaping her. “I… couldn’t stop it once I let my guard down. God, this is humiliating.” She straightened up slowly, her silk blouse sticking slightly to her from sweat, avoiding our eyes as she leaned against the wall.

Watching her—strong, no-nonsense Harper reduced to this vulnerable state, her professional facade cracked—sent a jolt through me, a mix of empathy and that forbidden excitement I’d chased all along. My own bladder screamed for release, the pact giving me the permission I’d craved but never expected to share with witnesses. “Me neither,” I murmured, and I relaxed the iron clench I’d held for hours, letting the mental barriers fall. 

The flood came instantly, hot and unstoppable, soaking through my uniform pants and spreading in a dark warmth that made my thighs tremble. The sensation was electric—relief crashing over me like a wave, washing away the ache, but laced with arousal from the audience, the mirrors reflecting the glistening evidence on my legs. I kept my expression neutral, biting back a shiver of pleasure, but inside, my pulse thundered. This was better than any solo simulation, the shared act turning my private kink into something intoxicatingly real, raw, and unexpectedly connective.

Layla watched us both, her breathing shallow and ragged, her face a mask of mortification and urgency as she rocked subtly in place. “I… I’m so sorry,” she admitted softly, her voice breaking a little, tears glistening in her eyes. Then, with a muffled groan that echoed in the small space, her body betrayed her—a low rumble from her gut, a visible shift in her posture, and her leggings bulged slightly at the back, the fabric stretching as the mess filled her panties. The scent hit the air almost immediately, pungent and earthy, cutting through the confined elevator like a wave. Layla buried her face in her hands, shoulders shaking. “Oh god, I’m so sorry. I really couldn’t hold it anymore. This is… this is the worst.” Tears spilled over now, her curly hair falling forward as she curled tighter into herself, the gym bag forgotten beneath her. The embarrassment radiated off her, thick and palpable, making the air feel even heavier.

Harper wrinkled her nose almost instinctively, edging back a step toward the corner, her wet skirt clinging uncomfortably to her legs. “What? Ew, Layla, really? I mean, I’m sorry, but… god, the smell.” Her voice was sharp at first, laced with disgust, but she caught herself, glancing away awkwardly, her own recent accident probably tempering the judgment. Still, she fanned her face subtly, trying to wave away the odor, her glasses fogging slightly from the warmth in the space. “Sorry, that came out wrong. It’s just… a lot. I want to be home and forget all about this.”

I sat there for a moment, the warmth of my own wetting cooling against my skin, watching Layla’s quiet sobs and Harper’s uncomfortable fidgeting. Guilt surged stronger now—this trap was my creation, and Layla’s predicament hit hardest, her youth and shyness making her vulnerability feel so exposed. But beneath that, I felt my own bowels stirring, a mild pressure I’d mostly ignored amid the bladder focus.

It wasn’t desperate like Layla’s surely had been, not on the edge of accident; the coffee and water had primed it somewhat, a dull fullness that I could have held indefinitely if needed. But seeing Layla like this, so alone in her mess despite our pact, stirred something deeper—empathy, yes, but also a desire to level the playing field, to show her she wasn’t the outlier. The kink whispered too: the taboo of it, the deliberate choice in front of them, could heighten the thrill without the loss of control I’d planned for. I shifted slightly, testing the sensation—a gentle urge, manageable, but present. Why not? For her. For the pact.

“Hey,” I said softly, reaching out to touch Layla’s shoulder lightly, my voice gentle amid the tension. “It’s okay. Really. We’re all in rough shape here—no one’s judging.” I paused, locking eyes with Harper to include her, then back to Layla. “Look, I’ll be honest. I really need to poop too. I don’t think I can hold it much longer…” I relaxed that part of myself deliberately, a subtle push against the mild pressure, and let it happen. A log began to coil slowly in my panties, the mess joining the existing wet in my pants, soft and contained but undeniable. The act sent a quiet shiver through me—I was shitting myself in front of my coworkers. The scent mingled now, less isolating. Layla lifted her head, surprise cutting through her tears, a small, grateful smile forming. Harper’s disgust softened into reluctant acceptance, her nose still wrinkled but her posture easing.

The timer ticked on—2:45:12 now—as we sat in our sodden, messy states, the air thick with the evidence of our surrenders. Relief mingled with awkwardness, the pact holding like a fragile thread in the dim light. We exchanged a few quiet words—Harper muttering about how “this better stay buried,” Layla whispering a thank you—and I felt the bond solidify, even as my body hummed with the aftershocks of it all. This unintended group experience was etching itself into my memory as the ultimate high, far beyond what I’d planned.

*004*2026-01-14 00:23

Hour 5 - Harper

I couldn’t believe this was my life right now—stuck in a stalled elevator on New Year’s Eve, my pencil skirt soaked through with my own urine, the fabric cold and clinging like a badge of utter humiliation. The pact had seemed like a desperate lifeline when Vera proposed it, my bladder on fire from all that coffee, the pressure so intense I thought I’d explode— but I’d thought we were just talking about peeing our pants, relieving the obvious urgency most people face after hours without a bathroom. That’s what I agreed to, a little shared accident to make the embarrassment bearable. Never in a million years would I have signed on if I’d known it meant sitting in this confined hell with someone who’d shit themselves, let alone both of them. God, if Vera had clarified that “accidents” included bowels, I’d have shut it down immediately, pact or no pact. 

Letting go of my pee had brought that rush of relief, sure, but now? Now I was dealing with the aftermath of it, the dampness chafing my skin was a minor concern compared to the stink of shit the elevator reeked of. The earthy, pungent odor was overwhelming, making my stomach churn every time I breathed in. How had I ended up here? As the company’s lawyer, I dealt with high-stakes negotiations, not… this. Sitting in wet clothes with two near-strangers, ashamed down to my core. My cheeks still burned thinking about the hissing sound when I’d wet myself, the way the warmth had spread uncontrollably. Mortifying. If word got out, my reputation would be shot—Harper Quinn, the polished professional, reduced to pissing her pants like a toddler.

I glanced at the timer—1:59:59 ticking down agonizingly slow—and shifted uncomfortably, my heels squelching faintly in the small puddle I’d made. Vera sat against the wall, her uniform dark with stains, looking annoyingly zen about the whole thing, like this was just a minor inconvenience. Layla was curled up on her gym bag, her leggings ruined from her mess, face half-buried in her hoodie. We’d tried talking earlier to break the awkwardness—Layla opening up about her internship pressures, how she was fighting to make it in a tough field; Vera nodding along supportively. 

I’d even shared a bit about my separation, the fight with Mark that had me hiding out at work tonight, words spilling out in the haze of vulnerability. It had felt almost bonding for a minute, like we were in some absurd survival club. But now, in the silence, disgust crept in stronger. The air was thick, stale, a cocktail of bodily scents that made me want to gag. How could they just… do that? Poop themselves? And Vera doing it “in support”? It was gross, unhygienic, and I regretted every second of agreeing to this pact—especially since I’d only envisioned a less smelly scenario, not this full-blown filth fest.

My mind raced, turning from shame to anger. This wasn’t random—this “glitch” in the security protocol felt too convenient, too locked down. Vera was head of security; if anyone knew how this happened, it was her. Or maybe some tech glitch from the firm’s systems, a faulty update pushed by IT without proper testing. Either way, someone was responsible for trapping us here, for forcing us into this degrading ordeal. I clenched my fists subtly, plotting in my head. 

First thing when we get out: pull the logs, review the protocols I signed off on last quarter. If it’s negligence, I’ll sue the hell out of whoever’s at fault— the building management, the software vendor, even Aegis itself if it traces back internally. Revenge would be sweet: a class-action if I can rope in others who’ve dealt with these “drills,” or at least a scorching internal report that gets heads rolling. Mark always said I was too cutthroat, but screw that—this humiliation demands justice. I’d make sure whoever did this paid, big time.

Around the halfway mark—1:30:00 on the timer—Layla stirred, a soft gasp escaping her. She uncrossed her legs, face twisting in fresh embarrassment. “Oh no… again,” she whispered, and then it happened: a new dark stain bloomed on her already-ruined leggings, spreading from her crotch as she wet herself a second time, the liquid soaking into her gym bag beneath her. She grunted softly and I realized she was pooping again. The fresh smell cut through the existing odors, sharp and unmistakable. She covered her face, mumbling, “Sorry… I’m really sorry.”

I recoiled inwardly, nose wrinkling despite myself. Gross. Just… gross. The whole situation was escalating into a nightmare—now we had layers of messes, the floor slick in spots, the air even more unbearable. “Jesus, Layla,” I muttered, fanning my face instinctively, my disgust bubbling over. “This is getting out of hand.” Vera shot me a look, but I didn’t care; the shame of my own accident paled next to this collective filth. All the more reason to plot my revenge—whoever caused this lockdown was going to regret it. I’d dig until I found the culprit, file every complaint, leverage every connection. By the time I’m done, they’d wish they’d never crossed Harper Quinn. As the timer dragged toward 1:00:00, I sat there stewing, the disgust fueling my resolve. One more hour, and freedom—and payback—would be mine.

*007*2026-02-12 15:22

Hour 6 (and bonus finale) - Layla

God, I was so exhausted. The bone-deep kind that hits after an all-nighter, only this one wasn’t voluntary. I’d been sitting on my sports bag for what felt like forever, the elevator’s dim lights casting weird shadows on the walls. The timer counting towards our escape was crawling toward zero, but every second dragged. I’d given in completely, sitting there in my wet and messy pants, the heavy load smashed against my butt and trapped in my tight black leggings.

It felt damp and sticky, the urine cooling while the mess stayed warm. The smell had seemingly somehow grown worse after the hours stuck here, filling the small space no matter how I shifted. I’m sure the bulge would be easily noticeable if I stood. I could feel the lump pressing back every time I moved. Why had I held it so long? I hated public bathrooms, but now here I was, a 22-year-old sitting in her own filth like a toddler.

I glanced at the others, avoiding eye contact. Harper paced, heels clicking, arms crossed tight. Her nose wrinkled occasionally, and she shot disgusted looks my way, like I was an animal. “This is unacceptable,” she’d muttered earlier, partly aimed at me. How gross did I look? Hair messy, gym clothes clinging damply, stains visible on my crotch and thighs. I pulled my knees up, hugging them to hide, but it only made things worse, sending fresh humiliation through me.

Vera was different, leaning against the wall with calm composure, like she’d seen worse. Every now and then, she’d give me an empathetic look, murmuring, “It’s okay, it happens.” No judgment, just understanding.

She was in the same boat as me at least. I wondered how much her “accident” had been born of need and how much just out of sympathy for my situation. Her kindness loosened the knot in my stomach. At least one person didn’t think I was a disaster.

The night was almost done, but one harrowing part still remained. The elevator would open soon, and I’d have to face the world. I’d biked to work that morning, but riding home on New Year’s Day, with everything loaded and smelling awful? The seat would be torture, every pedal shifting the mess, and what if someone saw? The thought made my face burn.

The door beeped and slid open. We were free. I sighed, resting my forehead on my knees, the damp fabric brushing my skin. Just hold on, Layla. You’ve hit rock bottom, you can clean up soon.

Harper bolted first, heels clacking on marble. She didn’t glance back, vanishing toward the exit, posture screaming relief and disdain. I couldn’t blame her; I’d have run too if I weren’t anchored by the mess.

Vera straightened, brushing off her skirt with a composed sigh. “Well, that was eventful,” she said, steady but empathetic. She turned to me, eyes kind. “You okay, Layla? That couldn’t have been easy.”

I nodded weakly, standing. The load shifted uncomfortably, making my thighs rub awkwardly. “Yeah, I guess. Just glad it’s over.” I hesitated, glancing at my bike outside. “But riding home like this? It’s gonna be awful—public, everything shifting…”

Vera’s brow furrowed in sympathy. “Bike? Oh, honey, that’s no way to end this night. I’ve got my car in the garage. I can give you a ride, keep this between us. Privacy beats pedaling through the cold, right?”

I blinked, relief washing over me. “Really? That would be amazing. Thank you.”

She smiled faintly. “Of course. But first, let’s get changed. Can’t be ruining my seats. I’ve got spares in the trunk for emergencies like this.”

We headed straight to the underground garage, my steps tentative and squishy, every movement a reminder of the disaster. The building was eerily quiet at this hour, New Year’s Day morning, with only the hum of fluorescent lights.

As we walked, I watched how Vera moved with a slight waddle, her pants damp and clinging closely at the back, a faint bulge outlined, not as noticeable as mine must be but still an obvious indication of what we’d done. But she seemed otherwise normal.

How can she be so calm about this? I reminded myself of the pact. No telling anyone, no judgment; we’d agreed to let it happen rather than suffer. But she carried it with zero fuss, posture straight, like it was no big deal. How? I felt like a walking disaster, yet she acted normal. Her nonchalantness about our shared secret made the walk less awkward, like we were in it together.

Her car was a sleek black sedan parked in a reserved spot. She popped the trunk with her key fob, revealing organized essentials: jumper cables, a first-aid kit, and a bin with spare clothes: dozens of skirts, undergarments, and pants in plastic wraps.

“Good to have around for coffee spills, that sort of thing,” she explained, handing me a pair of loose-fitting slacks, maybe a size 8 to my 6. She grabbed some clothes for herself, fresh panties and a spare skirt. “Looks like we both need them tonight.”

I managed a small smile, the reference easing tension. “Yeah, good thing. And thanks for being so kind to me.”

Vera chuckled softly. “You’d be surprised how often emergencies hit in this line of work. A lot of long meetings. Go on, change in the back seat first. I’ll keep watch. Throw your old clothes in that trash bag back there and you can wash up properly once you get home. There will still be a bit of wetness, but you can sit on a towel to protect the leather. I love this car too much to risk it. I’ll clean up after.”

I nodded gratefully, slipping into the back. The space was dim and private enough in the empty garage. I peeled down the leggings carefully to avoid more mess. The poop was a flattened, sticky mass in my ruined panties, humiliating without a shower. I threw them into the bag. Slipping on the new ones felt comforting, even if I knew they would still be dirty by the time we got home. I finished changing quickly, pulling the borrowed slacks over everything. They were baggy, bunching at the ankles, but the extra layer compressed things, making it less noticeable.

I emerged, and Vera slipped in after me looking pristine in a new skirt, her soiled pants bagged. “Thanks, Vera. This is lifesaving.”

She smiled, grabbing her coat. “No problem. Now, let’s get you home.”

The fresh clothes were a small mercy against the lingering stickiness. My borrowed slacks swished loosely as we settled in, the air cooler and tinged with exhaust. Vera grabbed two thick beach towels from the trunk bin, handing me the fluffier blue. “Layer this under you. Better safe than sorry.” Her voice was matter-of-fact, no hint of awkwardness, even though we both knew what we were protecting against. I spread the towel on the passenger seat as she did the same on hers, the fabric crinkling.

Sliding in, I winced as the remaining bits of mess between my cheeks squished against the new panties, compressed by my weight.

The car smelled of leather and air freshener, a welcome change. Vera started the engine, dashboard glowing as we pulled out into empty streets. New Year’s confetti littered sidewalks, but the city slept.

I tried to lighten the mood. “You’re super prepared—spares, towels… you do this often?”

Vera laughed genuinely. “Not exactly, but let’s say this isn’t my first shitty situation. Better to have backups than regrets.”

I chuckled weakly, the pun an attempt to lighten the mood, her attitude reassuring. As we merged onto the quiet highway, streetlights blurring, I settled in, grateful for the privacy. Home wasn’t far, but every mile felt like escape.

The drive started smoothly, engine purring through deserted streets. Streetlights cast shadows, an occasional firework popping late. I sank into the seat, towel crinkling. Despite the quick clean up, the smell lingered faintly, masked by air freshener, but I knew it was us.

Vera drove relaxed, one hand on the wheel, tapping to soft jazz.

“Holding up okay? Should be at your place in about five minutes.”

“Yeah,” I murmured, staring out at the cityscape. “Just tired. And mortified.” I shifted, feeling the pervasive stickiness.

We hit smoother road, and I relaxed briefly. But then a low cramp twisted in my gut. Not again. I’d gone twice in the elevator, the pact allowing release without shame, but my body wasn’t done? The pressure built, bubbling urgency making me grip the door. I crossed my legs subtly, but waves sharpened as we rolled along.

Vera noticed, eyes flicking to my tension. “Layla? Still need to go?”

I hesitated, cheeks flushing. “Uh… yeah. Thought I was done, but…” Embarrassment choked me.

She nodded without judgment. “It’s okay. The towels are down for a reason. No point suffering any more tonight. Remember the pact? This stays between us.”

The cramp intensified, insistent. I bit my lip, lifting slightly. “I can make it home.” But even as I said it I could feel it happening again. I stared out the window, face burning with shame as I filled my panties for the third time this night.

Vera must have noticed. How couldn’t she have? She just patted my arm reassuringly. “Bodies are weird after a night like tonight. Don’t sweat it, we’re almost there.” Silence fell companionably, the weight a secret we’d keep.

City lights faded into my quiet neighborhood, the sedan whispering over asphalt. My apartment loomed, modest brick with flickering lights. Home, finally.

“Here we are,” she said warmly, idling by the side of the road. She turned, eyes meeting mine in dashboard glow. “Layla, before you go. Remember the pact. No telling, no dwelling. Your secret’s safe with me, and I trust with you with mine.”

I nodded, relief and exhaustion mixing. “Yeah, definitely. Thanks.. for the ride, clothes, everything. I don’t know what I’d have done without you.”

She smiled knowingly. “We’ve all been in tight spots. Get some rest. I’ll see you next week.” I stepped out, grabbing my bag. The door clicked, and I watched taillights vanish into pre-dawn haze.

The walk to my door was awkward, every step shifting the new bulge. I fumbled keys, cold air biting, and pushed inside. The apartment was silent. My roommate out cold post-party. I dropped the bag and headed to bathroom, stripping the borrowed slacks and panties and shaking them above the toilet as the mess tumbled out into the bowl. It plopped with a thud, the smell overwhelming. I flushed, then stepped under hottest shower.

Water washed my grime and shame. I scrubbed, steam clearing my head, but my thoughts crept in. Vera seemed too casual, too prepared. She had spares and towels in trunk, she was too easy with her acceptance. The pact was her idea, and she stayed composed while Harper and I fell apart. Why? I was too drained for the puzzle right now.

Toweling off, I threw on pajamas and collapsed into bed, my sheets cool and welcoming. Sleep claimed me, the horrors finally fading.

