Zinara's Curse

Author: Debo

*000*2024-10-11 16:33

This high fantasy fiction will follow the tale of a young woman named Ali who offends the powerful and spiteful goddess Zinara and is left with a horrible curse of inexplicable bathroom desperation arising at the worst times. Some chapters will contain messing content, these will have a warning listed at the top of them so it can be avoided for readers who wish to only read the wetting content. Some spoiler tagged images will be included with each chapter to augment the narrative.

This first chapter is the prologue, and the origin of how our poor heroine becomes cursed. I hope you all enjoy Zinara's Curse

###

Warning: This chapter contains Messing Content

Chapter 1 - The Curse

Ali lay on her stomach on Sister Galvana’s bed, flipping through History of the First Empires for the third time this week. It was a dry and boring read, but she needed to study if she would have any shot of acing the Academy entrance exam next month and being able to study the arcane arts in the city.

Ali didn’t own many books and her village didn’t have a library, but the Sisters of Zinara at the nearby temple had been kind enough to let her read through everything they had in their possession, in exchange for some help around the temple with simple tasks. The sisters kept a great deal of literature here. Even after setting aside the many less than useful religious volumes, there were still plenty of other tomes which she could study from. Often, Ali would spend entire afternoons at the temple before rushing home to the small house she and her father share for supper.

Today, the sisters were out in the village, helping with something the town council had planned, so Ali had the temple almost entirely to herself. She had found herself a quiet, comfortable chamber, free from all disturbances to her study.

Well, almost all disturbances.

Ali’s stomach had been bothering her on and off since the morning, and here in the sister’s chambers the pressure had built up to an uncomfortable level. Thankfully, no one was around, and so Ali had been alleviating the pressure as she read all afternoon. Laying there on Galvana’s cot, her long blonde hair resting halfway down her back, Ali had been casually breaking wind each time the need arose as she read through book after book. Her white cotton panties that she wore beneath her green plaid skirt muffled the sounds, but the odor emanating from her ass betrayed what she had been doing.

Spoiler

My god, this room stinks. Thank goodness no one is here today or this would be embarrassing..

As she flipped to the final page of her current chapter, she felt another rumble in her belly. Lifting her cheek slightly, Ali relaxed and prepared to let out some more gas. To her horror, she instead felt something solid emerging from her sphincter.

Oh fuck! Did I just poop?

Ali rolled off the bed and jumped to her feet as she threw the book down on the bedding. Nearly soiling her panties on Sister Galvana’s bed had snapped her out of her state of intense mental focus and drew her mind back to the pressing needs of her body. Standing there, something didn’t feel right, and she wasn’t quite so sure that she had managed to stop herself in time to avoid fouling her pants. Ali pulled her skirt up quickly to inspect her white panties underneath, checking to see if she had done the unthinkable.

From the outside, they looked fine. But Ali thought she could feel a tiny bit of mess pressing between her cheeks. She wasn’t sure if it was just in her head, or if a small bit had actually broken off when she clenched her cheeks shut instinctively.

She was about to inspect further, when she noticed the clock on the wall. She had been so focused on her study that it was half an hour after she had planned to leave.

I need to get back to town. The sisters will be returning shortly.

Her stomach grumbled again, reminding her of her unfinished business brewing downstairs.

Actually, fuck that. I need to get to the bathroom! Shit, why isn’t there one in the temple?

The temple was situated in the middle of a lake outside of town, with a single long bridge connecting it to the shore. The only problem with building a temple in the middle of a holy lake is that with limited space to build, you have to make certain sacrifices. For whoever built this temple, bathrooms apparently didn’t make the cut. The closest bathroom was in the temple outbuilding, across the bridge and a few minutes down the road.

Ali grabbed the book she had been reading and took it back to the shelf. As she walked, she was becoming increasingly more aware of something nestled between her cheeks.

That’s so gross.. could it just be sweat? I really hope I didn’t have an accident..

After returning the book to the library shelf where she had taken it from, Ali retraced her steps back towards the main temple hall where she had entered. Her plan was just to make it back to town and find herself a toilet. She wanted to inspect her pants again, but wouldn’t do so without the privacy needed to actually remove them fully and see what she had done. She was hopeful they were clean, but in the back of her mind she couldn’t help but think she may have accidentally let just a little bit out there in Galvana’s room.

As she rounded the corner to the entrance hall, a voice caught her attention.

“Ali Dear, is that you?”

It was the Matriarch. The old, blind sister who presided over the temple and led their gatherings. She was leaning on one of the pews, holding the handle of a mop next to a bucket full of soap and water.

“I was hoping you were here today. My old body isn’t what it used to be, would you mind mopping up this hall before the sisters return in the next hour?”

For a second, Ali considered saying nothing and trying to just sneak past the old woman. The Matriarch was completely blind after all, she couldn’t be certain Ali had even been here today. However, being blind had seemingly heightened her other senses, and with the hurry Ali was in to leave, she had not been quiet as she approached.

She probably knows I’m here. It would be too rude to ignore her.

It was too late to try to sneak out, and even so, offending the Matriarch might mean the end of the deal Ali had struck with the temple. She needed their library to study, and she was supposed to help out with things like this.

“Yes Ma’am, it’s me.” Ali said meekly, “Were you just mopping up in here?”

The Matriarch’s face curled into a warm smile as she responded.

“Oh I just barely got the mop out, and I already needed to sit and catch my breath. A young woman like yourself will do a much better job at this for sure. Can you clean this up for me? You can tell me all about what you studied today.”

Shit. So much for getting out of here quickly.

To make matters worse, Ali felt another gurgle in her stomach. The pressure to fart, or worse, was starting to build up again and she would need to deal with it soon.

I can’t dare let out more gas now though, not after that last incident..

“Yes Ma’am, I’ll just quickly clean the floor before I head out for the day. Let me get that mop from you..”

As she took the mop and bucket from the old woman, Ali felt her guts groan, like they didn’t agree with her call. Scanning the large entrance hall, she judged this would not be a quick job. She made for the first row of pews where the Matriarch had left off and began the task. Dipping the mop into the sudsy bucket, drawing it back out and making little circles on the tiled floor to wipe away the dirt and grime.

Each time she dipped the mop into the bucket, she felt pressure build on her bowels. Before, she knew she needed a bathroom, but now she was becoming distinctly aware of how pressing that need was. The weight in her gut felt like it lagged behind her as she moved, and her little accident from before wasn’t helping to keep her mind away from her need. She could feel something down there between her cheeks and it made her hyper aware of her own nether regions in an uncomfortable way. It was as if the small piece of poo that had already escaped her was signaling her body the go ahead to release the rest of her load.

“Everything alright Ali? You’re awfully quiet today.”

Ali’s attention shot back to the blind priestess, still seated at the same pew.

“Oh, yes Ma’am. I’m fine, just a little sleepy that’s all.”

The Matriarch chuckled a bit and said, “Well that’s to be expected, you’ve been burning the candle at both ends of late with all this studying. What did you study today?”

“More history of the early empire, I expect a lot of that to show up on the entrance exam”.

“Again?” Asked the priestess, “Well we are a patriotic country. I suppose you’re correct that this will be a heavily covered topic.”

Pulling the mop from the bucket to begin on the next tile, Ali felt another surge of pressure. Her anus began to quiver as she felt her load shifting downwards in her bowels.

Oh fuck. I need to go..

Seemingly oblivious to the poor girl's distress, the Matriarch continued to chat away.

“Did you study the Great War at all? I suspect the military would be something you’ll see heavily in that section. I might have another book on the topic hidden away if you’re interested.. ”

Ali opened her mouth to answer, but she said nothing. Her entire willpower was being used to fight the battle with her aching anus. She clenched her hands tightly around the handle of the mop, and pressed her cheeks together with all the strength she could muster. After what felt like ages, the pressure subsided once more and she gained enough control to answer the Matriarch’s question.

“Oh yes, I did read up on that. My father said the same thing.. About that subject probably being on the test.”

Reaching the far side of the room, Ali surveyed her progress in her head. She had only mopped the length of one row of pews in the five or so minutes she’d been out here so far. Under normal circumstances she’d be halfway done with the room by now, but she had to pause every few steps as she shuffled down the aisle, letting out small silent farts.

Fuck me. This is going to take me another half hour at this rate.

She wasn’t sure if it was from all the farting or the little accident from before, but Ali was aware of a slight smell following her around as she worked. Good thing the room was big, so she was pretty sure the Matriarch hadn’t caught a whiff of her yet. Still she worried that the old woman might notice something was off, so she tried to head it off.

“Ma’am, do you mind if I just work in silence for a bit? I do really enjoy your company, it’s just I’m in a hurry and I want to keep focused on cleaning up before I head out. I'm running late for supper.“

She felt a little bad for asking the old woman to leave her alone as she worked. Normally, Ali wouldn’t have minded talking as she cleaned. She was a natural conversationalist and truth be told it didn't distract her from her work. However, with each passing minute she was becoming more and more desperate and she was worried she wouldn’t be able to hide it for much longer amidst a conversation. The cracks in her voice would betray her, and she'd be forced to admit her humiliating predicament to the head of the temple.

The Matriarch didn’t seem to mind though, she just said, “Of course dear, don’t let me keep you from your work. I’ll be over here if you need anything.”

"Thank you Ma'am," Ally breathed with a sigh of relief as she hunkered down to complete her task as quickly and efficiently as possible.

With five rows of pews to go, she didn’t have time to do as diligent a job as she normally would have if she wanted to get out of here clean. Still, she made sure to at least make an effort. Reaching the far side of the room from where the matriarch was seated, Ali once again felt a wave of desperation wash over her.

She could feel her poo pressing against the inside of her weak hole, begging for release. Her anus had begun to quiver involuntarily each time she lifted the mop, as if even that slight exertion might be enough to send her over the edge. She stood there paralyzed, clenching her cheeks together and grimacing, waiting for the pressure to subside.

After a minute, she regained composure and continued down the row. Reaching the end, she wiped a bead of sweat from her forehead and looked back at the rest of the room.

One more row and then I’m halfway done. I just need to hold it in for another ten minutes and I can get out of here.

That might’ve been wishful thinking. As Ali worked her way back across the room on the third row of pews, the Matriarch seemingly heard her coming back towards her side of the chamber and spoke out to her.

“Is everything okay Ali? Not feeling sick are you? You normally clean up much faster than this and you’re always more talkative”.

As Ali began to reply, she felt her ring begin to pulse again, as another wave of desperation caught her off guard mid-sentence.

The mass inside Ali snaked southwards once more, knocking at the door. This time it didn’t subside like before. She stood frozen in horror as she felt her anus start to widen and the tip of the log poke it’s head out just a little bit. She strained with all her might to try and force her anus shut again, but it was no use. Try as she might, she could not reverse its slow trajectory. As she mumbled an incoherent answer to the old woman’s question, she felt her shit slowly inching its way further past her hole.

“Oh noth .. Nngh.. nothing wrong... just sleepy like I said… Nngh.. I’ll be done soon…”

Oh fuck! I’m actually going to shit myself! I need to finish this cleaning quickly and get to the bathroom before it’s too late!

After what felt like an eternity squirming in place, her desperation subsided again. If she wasn’t sure about the state of her underwear before, she was certain now that there was going to be some damage. To make matters worse, she now had to clean the area directly around the Matriarch, before she could finish up the far half of the room.

“Promise me you’ll get some rest, girl,” the old priestess said, ”Seems like you need it.”

“I will Ma'am'', said Ali as she carefully shuffled past the old woman. As she moved, she clenched the tip of the poop that had escaped between her cheeks, trying to will it back inside. As she walked though, she thought she felt the log within her continue its slow descent out ever so slightly.

Oh god, I hope she can’t smell that.

Only a few feet from the Matriarch, Ali struggled once more to stop herself. She wasn’t sure how long she had before she could no longer keep from just shitting her pants. She moved slowly and focused on not letting the poop slide out any further than it already had. Despite her best efforts, she still felt a little more of the log emerge. The motion of mopping was not helping. Each time she bent to dip the mop into the bucket, the poop seemed to make headway on its escape plan. At last though, Ali reached the end of the third row and stopped for a moment to catch her breath and assess the situation.

She still needed to clean three more whole aisles, and cleaning the next one would have her walking right by the Matriarch again. After that, the remaining pews were far enough away that Ali could probably safely hide her desperate state from the priestess.

Even if she could get past the old woman without her noticing Ali’s considerable desperation, she still had half the room left to mop. She might not be able to hold on that long, let alone the walk back to town.

Shit! I really have to go badly now, I need to finish this already! I’m a grown woman, I can't just shit my pants!

After a brief pause, Ali felt comfortable enough to press onwards again. Her shit had stopped its slow advance for the moment. Before she walked back by the Matriarch once more though, she felt she needed to inspect her panties for damage, if only for her own peace of mind that there was still no evidence of her in progress accident.

Lifting up her skirt with one hand, she reached and gently felt the seat off her ass, hoping against all odds that nothing had escaped. Her face flushed red. As she pressed the cloth of her panties in, she felt a solid mass nearly the size of a plumb nestled in the seat of her pants. Mortified that it had gotten this bad, Ali tried to convince herself that it was still not very visible. If she got out of here quickly nobody would find out about her little accident.

Spoiler

Fuck! I’m actually shitting my pants! I need to get out of here, so I can still make it to the toilet in time to avoid total disaster..

She started down the fourth row. As she moved, she once again began fighting bouts of desperation. Each time she fought them off, but each time her shit inched even further out. She could feel it pressing against the cotton of her panties now, but it was almost a relief to Ali. Despite her sinking feeling that she was going to have stained her panties beyond salvation, there was simply no room for the poop to go further. This made holding it in considerably easier. For a moment she let her aching sphincter rest and let her underwear do the all important job of holding her load at bay. With this new technique aiding her, Ali managed to quicken her pace along the row, feeling hopeful she had regained control over the situation.

Oh thank God, I might actually make it out of here without completely soiling myself.. Even if I’m touching cotton right now…

Ali wasn’t too far past the Matriarch at this point when she heard her speak up.

“Ali dear, do you smell something?”

Ali’s face went beet red and she felt tears starting to form in her eyes. She was certain she was about to be discovered.

Fuck! How could I think she wouldn’t notice? I walked right past her.. I should have known the smell would be obvious..

In her carelessness, Ali had been relying on her discovered underwear hack too much as she moved through this section of pews. Unbeknownst to her, her poop had started to very slowly coil in the seat of her panties as she mopped.

Ali pulled herself together and tried to sound surprised as she lied to the Matriarch.

“What do you mean? I don’t smell anything.”

“Really? It absolutely reeks here, dear. I guess it might be my heightened sense of smell, but there's something foul in the air!”

Ali quickly moved away from where the matriarch was sitting trying to distance herself. She hoped whatever smell she was exuding would dissipate if she left the area.

“I don’t notice a smell, Ma’am. Maybe something from outside?”

As she moved, she noticed her panties felt like they were in a considerably worse state than before. Stopping safely on the other side of the chamber, she discreetly pulled her skirt up again to check if her mess had become noticeable. To her dismay, an even larger sized mound was now clearly visible from her rear. The waist band of her panties had stretched to accommodate her accident and left her with an almost exaggerated bunny tail like lump between her cheeks.

Oh god, it stinks! That’s definitely more shit than I noticed before! I must’ve let a little more out when I was doing this section..

The Matriarch sniffed the air vaguely facing Ali’s direction, and then wrinkled her nose.

“It smells like dung.. that’s what it is. Ugck! That’s foul… ”

Ali’s face burned red. She was sure she was about to be discovered and subsequently chastised for pooping her panties by the head of the temple, then she would be kicked out without any hope of returning again.

Choking back tears of embarrassment, Ali managed to get out a quick, “I smell it now too, Ma’am. I think it's coming from outside. I'll close these windows.”

There was no way she’ll believe that excuse when it's obvious the real smell is the girl walking around with a load in her pants…

Ali let out a quiet sob as she clutched the mop. The Matriarch was going to figure out what happened. The smell was horrible, and Ali couldn’t play it off as anything other than what it was. There was no denying what she had done any longer. It was only a matter of time before the matriarch wandered over and located the small mound of poop in Ali’s panties.

It was clear at this point that Ali had pooped herself, even if she was still in denial about it. She was still struggling to hold back the rest of her load, still hoping beyond belief that she might make it to a bathroom somehow.

She was mortified, she had never had anything like this happen to her before. As a fully grown woman and an aspiring student at the academy this was simply unthinkable. She couldn’t think of what to do so she just started mopping the rest of the row of pews while quietly crying and waiting for the matriarch to come catch her.

But to her surprise, the Matriarch didn’t follow her over to the other side of the room and call her out for having an accident. She just stayed where she was seated at the pew, wrinkling her nose and waving a hand in front of her face in an attempt to rid herself of the smell. She must have bought the excuse and was waiting for the smell to dissipate.

Thank god the Matriarch is blind, at least she can’t see what I’ve done or it’d be obvious! She must be suspicious, but if I can get out of here quickly then maybe I can hide the evidence before anyone truly knows what I did?

Even with the substantial load of shit in Ali’s panties though, she still was wracked by more desperation. The first log was apparently only the start, and she could feel more poop peeking its way out. As she mopped, the poop inside her continued to snake out further into her pants every so often, coiling against the mess already in her pants.

Ali needed to leave now, but she couldn’t just go without at least giving a quick wash to the rest of the floor, that would be too obvious. The matriarch would put two and two together and realize that the horrible smell was almost certainly the reason for Ali’s abrupt leave. Ali hoped if she finished cleaning first and left normally she’d have no reason to suspect her.

But in her current state, Ali could barely move with how desperate to go she was. There was no way she’d be able to finish cleaning the room before the other, non-blind, sisters returned and immediately realized what had happened. Ali needed to deal with her desperation now, while she still had time to finish cleaning and leave without attracting more suspicion.

There was only one solution, and Ali didn’t like it but she knew what she needed to do.

I need to finish.. messing myself.. so that I can move freely again.. I can’t believe I’m even thinking about this..

Ali struggled to admit to herself even now that she wasn’t going to make it to the bathroom. Even in as bad a state as she was in, part of her still thought she’d be able to regain control and salvage some semblance of dignity. That wasn’t going to happen now though. She was in the middle of a full blown accident.

I already have a pile of shit in my pants.. Holding the rest at this point is not saving me any pride..

Resigned to her fate, Ali leaned the mop against the pew and moved into the farthest corner from the old blind sister. She took one last deep breath and then prepared to do something she’d never imagined herself doing in a million years. Pressing a hand against the wall to brace herself, she squatted down and hiked her skirt up above her undergarments. Then she clenched her teeth and gently pushed.

I can’t believe I’m about to do this..

It didn’t take much effort, Ali had been slowly shitting herself for the past ten minutes already so her body was ready to give in. Still, it felt wrong to give in to her needs in such an extreme way. As she awkwardly squatted in the corner, her log pressed against her previous mess and soon her pants started to tent out beneath her as she finally gave in to her needs.

Spoiler

I just took a dump in my pants.. What the hell was I thinking?

Ali hoped the Matriarch couldn’t hear the faint crackling sound that seemed to go on forever as she filled her pants. It was so relieving to finally empty her bowels after fighting for so long, Ali couldn’t help but grunt involuntarily. By the end of it, Ali’s underwear was sagging with the full weight of her shameful deed, but thankfully everything was still contained. She leaned against the wall breathing heavily. The smell was bad before, but it was even more obvious now that she had relented. Anyone could tell at a glance what she had done.

The desperation gone, Ali quickly finished mopping this side of the room. Even with a big load in her pants, she moved much faster than before. She didn’t dare mop anywhere near the Matriarch, there was no way she wouldn’t recognize what had happened now if Ali waddled by stinking to high heavens.

Oh well, good enough I guess. At least the room is mostly clean.

“All done here, heading out” said Ali, practically speed walking out the door, not waiting for a reply.

Outside the doors, Ali’s face reddened with the sudden realization of what she had done. It was as if now that she wasn’t battling her own body she could finally think clearly again. As she walked towards the bridge back to the mainland, she started crying quietly.

I just shit myself.. I shouldn’t have given up like that and went in my pants.. I’m so stupid! I could have held on a little longer until I finished my work.

Then, to make matters worse, she saw the faint silhouettes of the sisters returning from the village on the other side of the bridge.

Ali froze. She had only a minute before the sisters would reach her and discover her shameful deed. The evidence was too obvious to hide, especially on the narrow bridge crossing to the island.

Fuck! They're going to see me!

She quickly ducked behind the side of the bridge out of sight, and peeled her soiled panties off, being careful not to get any shit onto her clothes. Her panties were absolutely ruined and sodden with a stinking mound of shit. Fighting back tears, Ali dumped her excrement into the lake and then tried to wipe her ass off as best she could with the outside of her panties, before gently tossing those in as well. Then she quickly washed her hands in the lake and stood up, brushing her skirt down just as the sisters were approaching the end of the bridge.

She was sure she still smelled bad, and when she got home she’d need to wash herself properly, but Ali put on a strained smile and greeted the ladies as she passed them quickly.

Only saying “Gotta run, I’m going to be late for supper!” as she passed them quickly.

She thought she saw the nearest sister wrinkle her nose as she passed, but no one stopped her or made any remarks other than wishing her a good evening.

Inside she was dying, but she felt as if she had just maybe salvaged her reputation by escaping detection. She repeated to herself in her head a positive message. She was okay and she was going to move on from this.

No one knows. It’s okay, no one knows. It’s over now.

The only problem was, someone did know, and not just anyone, the powerful goddess Zinara. Zinara keeps a close eye on this lake, as it was one of her most wondrous gifts to the world. Disposing of soiled panties in her holy lake, Ali had committed the most heinous of sins.

The act deeply angered Zinara. How should this girl be able to despoil her lake and escape without even so much as a simple chastising? No, Ali’s problems were not over. In fact this was only the beginning.

That night, as Ali lay asleep, Zinara appeared beside her and laid a foul curse over the poor girl. From this day forth, Ali would be doomed to relive the embarrassment she avoided this day a thousand times over!

Chapter Art

Spoiler

