The Desperate Door Slam

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2023-10-18 20:47

Also in my blog https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/14322.html

The Desperate Door Slam

It had been several hours since Jenny and her aunt Lizzie had been out in the park, and it was a warm day so they had been drinking a lot, so inevitably the need for the bathroom was pretty much a given.

"Aunt Lizzie I really need to go potty," Jenny said as she hopped up and down.

"I have to go quite badly as well Jenny, but don't worry I'm sure we will find a toilet soon," aunt Lizzie said as she began looking around for a toilet. She didn't want to let Jenny know that she was positively bursting, because in this situation she had to be the adult, and she didn't want to seem like she was going out of her mind, but the fact is she had needed to go to the bathroom for quite a while and probably had to go a lot worse than Jenny did.

As they walked around the park desperately looking for a bathroom Lizzie was starting to get rather worried, as she didn't see any signs of one.

"There's the bathrooms," Jenny said and Lizzie was practically ready to jump for joy until she saw that in front of the bathroom was a rather long line.

"It's probably one of those single user restrooms," aunt Lizzie said with a sigh as she grabbed Jenny by the hand and escorted her to the back of the line. She could see that Jenny was hopping up and down and clearly had to go rather frantically. "Try not to jump around so much Jenny, it's probably not going to help you."

"But I really have to go aunt Lizzie," Jenny said as she continued hopping up and down.

"I know but we just have to wait patiently," aunt Lizzie said as she crossed and uncrossed her legs. The real reason she wanted Jenny to stop jumping up and down was her movement was making Lizzie's bladder getting jostled around as well.

"Why is this line so long," Jenny said as she continued hopping up and down.

Aunt Lizzie had to admit the line was moving rather slow, and she didn't want to play the I have a desperate child card in order to jump ahead in line, partially because she could see that there were other women with children ahead of her, so she figured that they would just have to wait patiently, although she found that harder and harder by the moment.

As Lizzie and Jenny stood there on line Lizzie found herself looking around trying to distract herself from the growing pressure in her bladder but there wasn't all that much to take her mind off of that. She just saw the long expanse of the park around in every direction and knew that she would have to be patient for Jenny's sake, but she had to admit once again that she was finding herself overcome with desperation and was thinking that she needed the bathroom a lot more than Jenny did.

Finally after what seemed like forever but was probably closer to 15 to 20 minutes, they were almost to the front of the line. Lizzie could see that Jenny was clearly very desperate to go to the bathroom but she knew that as a child she should of course be the one who gets to go first.

"It's finally our turn," Jenny said jumping up and down for joy.

"Remember to lock the door," Lizzie said as Jenny locked the door and closed it.

Lizzie found herself actually standing up on tiptoes, which is something she hadn't done in the longest time, so she knew that she was really desperate. In fact she found herself grabbing her skirt and ringing it between her hands in frustration as she waited for Jenny to finish up in the bathroom.

"Jenny are you almost done in there, other people need to tinkle as well," Lizzie said as she knocked on the door and crossed her legs. Finally she heard the sound of the toilet flushing and what sounded like the sink running.

Although Lizzie always told Jenny to make sure to do a thorough job of washing her hands after going to the bathroom, she was starting to wish that she had not told Jenny to do that thorough of a job, as she was certainly taking her sweet time.

As Lizzie stood there outside of the door hearing the loud sound of the water running in the bathroom she was going positively frantic. In fact she could barely contain herself as she was practically ready to burst down the door and wonder what was taking Jenny so long.

"Jenny can you maybe hurry up, other people are waiting," Lizzie said as she knocked on the door but all of the sudden the door slammed open causing her to jump back a minute right before the door slammed shut as Lizzie saw Jenny standing there with a big smile on her face. "All better dear?"

"A lot better," Jenny said jumping up and down but this time looking a lot more relaxed and happy.

"Okay Jenny, you just wait here a moment while aunt Lizzie takes a tinkle," Lizzie said as she grabbed the door but found it was locked. She kept repeatedly pulling on the door hoping that it would open but now she was starting to get nervous.

"Is something the matter aunt Lizzie?" Jenny said with a smile.

"Jenny when you closed the door to the bathroom did you make sure that it was unlocked," Lizzie said as Jenny frowned.

"Whoops," Jenny said frowning. "Sorry it's just you said to get out of the bathroom so quickly I guess I just sort of threw the door open and forgot to make sure that it was no longer locked. I'm sorry aunt Lizzie."

"That's okay Jenny, you didn't mean to do it," Lizzie said as she bobbed up and down crossing and uncrossing her legs. Now she was in panic mode, not only did she have to go but she had to go super incredibly bad.

"Do you have to tinkle really badly aunt Lizzie?" Jenny said, and Lizzie couldn't help but notice that Jenny seemed to have an evil little smile on her face. She thought she was probably reading too much into it, surely Jenny didn't lock the door on purpose like that did she?

"Yes Jenny, aunt Lizzie has to go to the bathroom very badly," Lizzie said looking around in all directions. "Surely there has to be another bathroom around here. Come on Jenny, I think that we had better go find another bathroom soon."

As Jenny skipped merrily forward jumping up and down full of energy, Lizzie was sort of straggling behind stopping every few moments to cross and uncrossed her legs. She wasn't about to grab herself and set a bad example for Jenny but at the moment she felt really like doing that, even though she knew it would be inappropriate.

"Excuse me do you know if there is another bathroom around here," Lizzie said as she approached another woman.

"There's one over that way," the woman said pointing in the direction that they had just come from.

"Unfortunately due to an accident I think that somebody locked the bathroom from the inside and closed the door," Lizzie said not wanting to admit that it was Jenny but sort of looking in Jenny's direction in a way with an accusing stare.

The woman shook her head. "Well that's the only bathroom around here, I guess if that's the case I guess you're just fresh out of luck, I wonder what type of inconsiderate person did that?"

"I'm sure they didn't do it on purpose," Lizzie said looking at Jenny and once again she couldn't help but see something of an evil little grin on Jenny's face.

"Well good luck," the woman said walking off looking rather comfortable as Lizzie stood there not exactly sure what to do. She knew that she would be in the park for a while and that nobody was coming to pick them up for at least another hour at least, but she didn't think that her bladder could last that long..

"Do you still have to tinkle aunt Lizzie?" Jenny said, once again smiling directly at her seemingly fascinated by her distress.

"Yes Jenny I really have to tinkle very badly," Lizzie said, and now she was practically going out of her mind. She needed a bathroom and she needed one fast.

"You're funny aunt Lizzie," Jenny said as she began skipping off.

"Jenny where are you going, don't stray far away from me," Lizzie said that every time she took a step to follow Jenny she had to stop to catch herself because the pressure in her bladder was so great that she could barely walk.

Lizzie managed to catch up to Jenny but she knew that she wasn't any closer to a bathroom when all of the sudden she saw a familiar face.

"Lizzie is that you," Jared said as he started walking over. Lizzie had sort of a crush on Jared and the last thing that she wanted was for him to see her like that where she was barely able to stand still because she had to pee really bad.

"Oh yeah, I was just having fun with Jenny in the park and everything," Lizzie said.

"Aunt Lizzie has to tinkle really bad!" Jenny said.

"Jenny!" Lizzie said really angry at Jenny for pointing that out.

"I think this park has a bathroom over that way," Jared said.

"Unfortunately that bathroom seemed to be locked for some reason," Lizzie said trying her best not to glare at Jenny who still was seeming to be smiling and enjoying this entire situation quite a great deal.

"Daddy I really have to pee," Bobby said.

"Well why don't you just go in the bushes over there," Jared said as Bobby went over to the bushes and started relieving himself which made Lizzie want to scream. "Boys, I guess the entire world is our bathroom."

"Yeah I guess it is," Lizzie said wishing that she could just go and relieve herself in the bushes at that moment but realized that she was not going to embarrass herself like that in front of Jared, and certainly not with Jenny around.

"It's funny how kids have no inhibitions like that," Jared said laughing as Lizzie stood there trying to stand as still as possible as her bladder continued to scream for attention. "I was going to ask you if you'd like to have a drink with me or something but under the circumstances."

Now Lizzie was absolutely mortified as Jared seemed to be finding the situation funny as well.

"You know I think maybe I just want to sit down on this bench for now," Lizzie said very slowly sitting down on the bench next to Jared. Normally she would really like running into Jared like that but the fact that he knew she had to pee really bad because Jenny couldn't keep her mouth shut was making her feel more embarrassed by the second. She crossed her one leg over the other and tried her best to take pressure off of her leg as Jared went on and on about something that she was just saying yes and yeah to a lot and wasn't really paying attention to, because all of her thoughts were on relieving her bladder.

"Well anyway Bobby and I should probably get going," Jared said as he slowly got up along with Lizzie.

"Jared can I ask you a really big favor," Lizzie said as she sort of shifted around in place balling her hands into fists trying not to piss herself. "Do you think you can give Jenny and I a ride into town, I have something I sort of need to take care of."

"Oh," Jared said trying not to smirk because something about Lizzie having to go to the bathroom like that was amusing to him as well. "Sure I can drive you guys into town."

"Thank you," Lizzie said and she was practically ready to hug Jared as she called Jenny over and they got into the car.

"Hey maybe while were in town we can have that drink," Jared said.

"Sure order me a large coffee," Lizzie said running into the restaurant and scrambling to see where the bathroom was. She was about to start running to the bathroom but that was when Jenny ran and got to the bathroom first.

She wanted to scream at Jenny about how she needed the bathroom more badly but Jenny just was a kid after all, so she figured she had to be the adult here and let Jenny relieve herself first.

Jenny soon came running out of the bathroom, and that was when Lizzie grabbed the handle of the bathroom to find it was once again locked.

"No no no," Lizzie said as she pulled on the handle and this time she could see Jenny smirking in her direction and practically wanted to slap her, but she knew that that would be a terrible thing to do to a child, even a really disobedient child who was clearly testing her patience.

"Everything all right Lizzie, I got you that large coffee," Jared said with a smile right before Lizzie began to scream.

I just thought this was sort of more of a funny desperation story about a bratty kid basically tormenting her aunt who has to go to the bathroom really bad, and she's trying to be the mature and responsible adult. Someone who read a lot of my stories said that they noticed that I don't like children that much in my stories and that is honestly pretty true, as I have never had the slightest desire to have children, I'm content to just have cats. But this is the kind of thing a bratty kid would do and these are the kind of things that why you wouldn't want to have children. And of course when you are trying to be the mature and responsible adult you can't really get too mad at the child which the child manages to take advantage of really well in this story, and I ended on sort of a note where she didn't get any relief, which is how a lot of the stories end but I think that it was appropriate in this case.

Admittedly this is an element that I used in my locked ladies room caper novella as well where she ends up getting locked out of the bathroom, so this is sort of a similar idea but a much more brief story mostly focusing on the fact that she has a really bratty niece who is just totally tormenting her. And again you can't really do anything with children because they're just children, so you just have to put up with them being total assholes.

*002*2023-10-19 20:03

@JD0417

"So that’s how the story ends?! What happens to Lizzie? Does she make it or not?"

It ends with her not getting relief like so many of the characters in my stories.

"Is your locked ladies room caper novella available free to view anywhere online?"

It's available on Amazon. I link to it in every blog update in my blogs.

@satur8

"Is this fiction?"

Yes but I've been in a similar but less dramatic situation myself more than once. Mu ch of my fictional stories are loosely inspired by real events.

@DesperateQueue

"This is one reason I am not a fan of single user bathrooms where it is too easy to accidentally lock the doors to where no one can get in unless you find someone in the park who has a key."

One reason I don't like single user bathrooms is that that's one bathroom for a large numbers of people who use it and if it's out of order than everybody is out of luck. But yes I have experienced this a lot at parks where I have gone to use the bathroom and you basically have to find someone to give you a key to open it and it's very annoying.

It reminds me of something I remember reading somewhere about something someone really evil did where they went into a bathroom and they crawled underneath all of the stalls and locked every stall from the inside! It's an evil thing to do but you have to admire how ingenious it was!

*003*2023-10-20 19:40

I just realized I accidentally posted this in the peeing experience section instead of the fiction section, now I understand why someone was asking if this was fiction, my bad.

