That One Girl in Class

Author: Drakon

*000*2017-07-04 05:33

I'm just a regular guy named Xi. Once I reached the age of self-awareness, I realized I would get really turned on by Omorashi, despite the fact that I had never seen a real life wetting before this. Well anyway, here's my story.

I was in 6th period lunch, just chatting with my friend John. Nothing eventful really happened that day. "So Xi, are you ready for that essay?"

"What essay?"

"The one in English… the rhetorical analysis one?" To be honest, I had completely forgotten. "Sure." I looked at the clock in the lunchroom, and realized that it was almost time to go. So I got up to go throw away my trash. I returned to the table, "Well, I guess I'll see you later." The bell rang, "See ya Xi." I walked to my English class that was on the third floor.

I walked in, and sat down in my seat near the back. My friend Clementine walked in. She sat down next to me, "Hey."

"Ready for this essay?" She smiled, which was like the best part of my day. "Of course. I hope it's a decent prompt though." I had a pretty deep crush for Clementine, but I never really had the nerve to ask her out. Our teacher handed us the prompt. "So we have to write an essay on the Emancipation Proclamation?" Clementine sighed, and took out an orange pen. I should mention that she has a pen in Pretty much every color. I guess today was an orange-ish day. "You may now begin your essay." The teacher said.

After like 30 minutes into the essay, I thought mine was looking pretty good. I glanced over at Clementine to see how she was doing. I saw that she was on her second page already, so that was pretty good. But I also noticed her legs were crossed, and her left hand was pushing on her skirt. I immediately felt hot. I tried to focus on my essay, but every so often I would glance over at Clementine. She shifted uncomfortably. After 10 more minutes, I got up and turned my essay in. "15 minutes remaining, are you sure you're finished?"

"Yeah." And it was true; I had 3 pages finished, and I felt that they were real quality paragraphs. I returned to my seat, and stared at the clock until the bell rang. Clementine got up and calmly turned in her essay. "How do you think you did?"

"Hmm? Fine." We walked out of the classroom together. We reached the hallway we usually take, and there were a bunch of security guards standing in it. We tried to go around, "Hey. This hallway is closed right now. You have to use the other hallway."

"But the other hallway is all the way around the building!" I protested. "I'm sorry, but there's been an accident that is being dealt with." Clementine pulled my arm and we hurried to the other hallway. We barely made it downstairs when the bell rang. "Good thing we have gym, right?"

"Yeah," she sighed. She continued down the hallway to the girls' locker room, and I entered the boys' locker room. I quickly got changed and headed upstairs.

I entered the gym, and just made attendance. Clementine rushed up, and barely made it too. "Cutting it a bit close again aren't we?" Mr. Wilson commented. "The hallway's closed so we had to take a longer route."

"Ah. Well today we're going to continue cycling. Let's go." We followed outside to the storage building where the outdoor equipment is kept. We each got a bike. "Remember, stay off the roads. Sidewalks only."

"Which way do you want to go Clementine?"

"Eh, the usual spot."

"Okay."

We put our helmets on and cycled down the sidewalk for a good 10 minutes. Then we went off on a small trail, where we followed until we were in a well hidden clearing of woods. I parked my bike by Clementine's, and we sat down in the grass. "So what do you want to do?" I asked. "Just relax." We laid in the grass, and I took out my phone to keep watch on the time. About 10 minutes later Clementine said, "I have to pee." I looked over at her. "Um, okay?"

"Like really badly…"

"What do you want me to do?"

"I don't know. Maybe we should head back?"

"We don't have to be back for another 20 minutes. And I doubt Mr. Wilson will let us in early to use the restroom." She laid quietly next to me for another 5 minutes. "Xi… can you cover me while I pee?"

"What?"

"I'm sorry… but I really have to go and I don't want someone to see."

"I guess. What do I do?" She sat up and moved by a bush. "Don't look. If anyone comes, shout." I watched for people for about 3 minutes. "Hey Clementine, we should be getting back soon. We have 10 minutes to get back." She came back, and got on her bike. "You okay?"

"Yeah, but it wouldn't come out because you were here."

"Sorry." I got on my bike, and followed Clementine out of the woods. We got back to the school in about 10 minutes, and we put the bikes back. The rest of the class was heading inside, and I followed. "You two are always cutting it close! Bell rings in a minute, so you better get changed quickly! Wouldn't want to miss the bus!"

"Oh shoot." I misjudged the time we were in the clearing. We hurried inside, and I quickly got changed and grabbed my bag. I met Clementine in the hallway, "We've got to hurry to the bus."

"I still have to pee."

"I know, but we don't live too far away." She sighed, and we hurried to the bus. She sat in the window seat, and I sat next to her. A few other people got on, and the bus took off.

Clementine crossed her legs and held herself. The bus seemed to encounter every red light on the way. Clementine shifted and put her hand down her skirt. I wasn't trying to stare, but I could see her white panties. I looked away embarrassed. The bus finally arrived at our stop.

"Clementine, we're here."

"Okay." She pulled her hand out of her skirt, and we walked off the bus. The bus pulled away, and we walked down our street. "Xi…" Clementine stopped and crossed her legs and held herself. "Are you okay?"

"I don't think I can hold it much longer."

"My house is right there, you can come use my bathroom."

"Okay."

We hurried to my house, and I opened the door for her. She stepped inside and I helped her to the hallway. She abruptly stopped and jammed her hand against her skirt. "We're almost there."

"I…" I saw a small stream run down her legs. "Let's hurry." I grabbed her arm and led her to the bathroom. She hobbled into the bathroom, and I helped her to the toilet. I heard a soft hiss, and a splash. "I'm so sorry… I couldn't hold it." I felt really hot knowing that I had just witnessed her have an accident. "It's okay." I hugged her. She cried into my shoulder, "I'm so embarrassed…"

"Well… I kinda find it a bit sexy." She looked up into my eyes. "Huh?" *Sniffle* "I touched the rim of her skirt, "Maybe we can take this elsewhere?"

"Um, I guess." I led her to my bedroom, and I playfully unbuttoned her skirt. The sight of her soaked panties was beyond perfect. I had originally thought they were white, but they were a dark grey in the crotch.

*001*2017-12-28 15:50

“Xi… I don’t know if I can do this.” Clementine was staring at me, looking quite vulnerable. “Okay. But you should get cleaned up though. I’ll lend you a pair of shorts and you can take a shower if you want.” Clementine nodded in response, so I got up and pulled a pair of black shorts out of my drawer. “Here you go.” Clementine took them and looked up, tears still in her eyes and she smiled. “Thank you Xi… I don’t know what I’d ever do without you…” She stood up and kissed me on the cheek and left to go clean herself. I figured she would take a little while to clean up, so I decided to give myself some ‘me’ time.

I laid on my bed gasping for breath when I heard the bathroom door open. Immediately, I tried to calm my breathing to a steady pace and managed to suppress my being out of breath by the time Clementine walked in. She was holding her soiled clothes in her right hand and looked… stunning. Granted she’d always been gorgeous, but this was like one of those spa commercials where the girl had perfect skin glistening from the steam. It felt magical. “Do you have a bag I can put these in? I’d prefer not to have my binder smell like pee, and I really don’t want to walk down the street holding them.” I laughed at her seriousness. “Of course! It’s one of the primary function of a grocery bag: to carry stuff long after having carried groceries!” I was being quite dramatic, “It’s almost as if it were this bag here’s destiny to carry anything for you!” I pulled a bag out of my closet.

