Genshin Impact Short Fanfics

Author: danganfanalert

*000*2022-02-08 02:32

I'll eventually have all of my fanfics here, depending on when I feel like uploading them. This one is my most recent one (while I'm writing this, but I'm working on one and have another idea ready for after that one.)

Technically this was requested on AO3.

Dating in Inazuma

Tartaglia entered the Yashiro Commission's Headquarters, searching around the area for Thoma. He spotted Thoma near a corner, cleaning up a knocked down pile of mats.

"Comrade, I'm here!" Tartaglia shouted out. Thoma looked at him, instantly remembering when he first met the harbinger.

"Hey, Tartaglia! Wait just a moment, I have to prepare something." He says, rushing off to another room. He returns with a small, decorated box. "Here, I made these just for you!"

"Hmm, what could it be..." Tartaglia says, opening the box slowly. Inside the box is a few snacks. They seem small, but Tartaglia still appreciates the gift. "Anyways, weren't we heading out to Inazuma City later to have lunch and buy some things?"

"Yep! Don't worry, Traveler and Ayaka are enjoying lunch that I prepared for them earlier right now. I have something special to make with you later, though!" Thoma says, leading Tartaglia out the door.

Thoma and Tartaglia began walking to Inazuma City. It wasn't too far, so luckily they didn't need to take any breaks during the walk. Tartaglia rushed over to a shop called Tsukumomono Groceries. As Thoma picked out some groceries, Tartaglia noticed that his bladder was starting to become heavier. Maybe he should have just asked for the nearest toilet right then, but he ignored it. The next area, or person, Thoma rushed off to with Tartaglia was a Street Food Vendor named Tomoki. Thoma buys 2 glasses of Dango Milk and gives one to Tartaglia before walking off to a bench to rest.

"So, where are we heading to next?" Tartaglia asks.

"I was thinking of heading to a few more shops and buying gifts and then resting again at Uyuu Restaurant." Thoma replies, gulping down the Dango Milk. "Hmm, this is really good..."

Tartaglia crosses his legs as they both rest for a few more minutes.

"Let's go!" Thoma says, standing up quickly and throwing away the bottles, then they walk to Ogura Textiles & Kimonos. Thoma and Tartaglia think about getting a Kimono, but then decide not to right now. Tartaglia's bladder is starting to definitely slowly fill up. He glances around to see if there's any toilets nearby, but when he notices one he can't manage to admit his desperation before Thoma drags him off to another shop. Eventually, Thoma leads him to Uyuu Restaurant. Tartaglia quickly holds his crotch as soon as they both take a seat on the mats, but it doesn't do much to help his desperation. He decides to pee after eating.

Surely he can hold it, right?

Thoma and Tartaglia have a few short conversations while waiting for their food. About seafood, housekeeping, the Fatui... Eventually, the food arrives, though Tartaglia is pretty desperate already and this would just make it worse. He begins to eat the dish slowly, watching Thoma eat too. Suddenly, a spurt of urine makes him drop his food back on his plate and hold his crotch tightly.

"Tartaglia, is something up? You seem startled..." Thoma asks, looking up from the plate.

"I'm... fine, I swear! I just realized something surprising, that's all..." Tartaglia says, hoping he doesn't sound too nervous while talking. Thoma seems to buy it and continues eating while Tartaglia waits for another second. He isn't so sure of his bladder being strong enough to hold in the rest of his piss if he lets go and continues eating. Thoma continues staring at Tartaglia after a few minutes, seeming to understand why Tartaglia isn't eating or talking much from the desperate look on his face.

There's no way. No. Fucking. Way. Tartaglia quietly hides the mat, knowing for a fact he's wetting himself. He tries to stay as quiet as possible while a small yellow stream pours out from his crotch and onto the mat. Thoma suddenly glances down and notices a puddle right under Tartaglia.

"Tartaglia..?" Thoma stares at the growing puddle.

"Wh..! Please don't look at it..." Tartaglia's face is definitely getting redder every second. Finally, after a few more seconds, the stream stops and the puddle stops growing. Thoma quickly rushes over to Tartaglia and wraps his arms around him in an attempt to make him feel a little better and to hide his accident. Tartaglia stares down at the puddle. "It's fine, don't worry. I know you didn't mean to do that. I'll clean it up right after we clean you up at the Kamisato Estate, alright?" Thoma quickly says, slightly picking up Tartaglia. He just nods, still staring down.

