Embarrassing Accident at the Game Bar

Author: drthunder

*000*2022-02-01 19:20

Hello omo.org, I’ve been a member for a while enjoying the excellent content and community here. I’ve also been hesitant to post any of my own writing, but I’m taking the leap and posting my first story!

For context I am a guy, write most of my stories in first person though and have my girlfriend read them to me as stories, so this is written as a first person story from a woman’s perspective.

The story:

###

Embarrassing Accident at the Game Bar

Last Saturday, I went to this new game bar that opened downtown. They are really popular right now with a great cocktail menu and a bunch of fun and unique drinking games. I was wearing a very tight salmon and white striped cotton dress, with white panties underneath.

After some pre-gaming at my friends house, we went to the game bar and had to wait in line to get in because it was so crowded. After hanging out for a while drinking cocktails and watching other people play drinking games, my friend and I decided to put our names down for the variant of beer pong.

After waiting for a while as other teams played, we finally were next and during that time I’d had a couple too many cocktails. I started to have to pee pretty bad, since the game had just started I assumed I’d have time to go before it was our turn, but it looks like this bar didn’t plan for crowds this big and had way too small of a bathroom. There were over 10 girls waiting in line, I stood in the back of the line for a little bit before my friend texted me that our game was about to start so I had to leave the line. I grabbed a water from the bar in the way back hoping to sober up a little.

When I got back to the table I saw that each team had just 1 cup left. Each team also ended up choking under the pressure with the huge crowd around and missing that last cup over and over. The game ended up going for another 10 minutes, with my need to pee growing the whole time. When it was our turn to play I was having trouble holding it and honestly just hoped we would lose quickly so that I could go pee.

The champs on the table had been there for 3 games already and were definitely better than us, but they were also getting really drunk and slowing the game a lot screwing around and trying to flirt with us. The whole time we were playing my bladder just kept getting fuller, about halfway through the game I was stretched to my limit and desperate to pee. I placed my hand wrapped around the side of the table so that I could lean into it and press the backs of my fingers into my crotch without anyone realizing what I was doing. Whenever it was my turn to shoot though I had to take the pressure off my pussy and I felt like was going to leak into my panties.

The game dragged on for far too long, with the guys trying to showboat and impress us but missing a lot of shots in the process and taking a long time to shoot. My partner was playing along with them and was keeping us in the game, I was too desperate to focus and wasn’t helping her at all. I thought about just telling my friend we had to forfeit so I could go pee but I was embarrassed with the crowd there and thought the game would be ending soon.

After an almost 30 minute game, we finally lost, just in time as my aching bladder had pushed my pee right to the edge of my urethra, any sudden move and I was about to leak into my panties. I stood stiff as we shook hands with the opponents then began to shuffle slowly towards the bathrooms, feeling like a bowling ball was weighing down on my tightly clenched vagina.

I turned the corner to the bathroom hallway and my heart sank when I remembered how long the bathroom lines were. There were at least 10 girls ahead of me, waiting for just a few stalls. I crossed my legs, leaned back against the wall, and just focused on holding it as best as I could. I realized that over the course of the game I’d drank 4 small cups of beer and so as desperate as I was at that moment it was only going to get worse pretty soon.

I’d been waiting for about 5 minutes and made some progress in line when the first cup of beer seemed to arrive in my bladder. The pressure on my urethra was already as intense as I could handle, and suddenly it started getting worse. I had no choice but to grab my crotch through my dress, but even when holding myself the pressure just kept building. About 10 seconds into this wave my panties suddenly felt hot and wet. The pressure overcame my desperate effort to hold it and some pee had leaked out into my panties. Luckily the wave passed and I could take my hand out of my crotch, but when I did I saw a quarter sized wet patch on the front of my dress. I could feel that the wet patch on my panties was much bigger.

An additional 5 minutes of waiting desperately and I was at the halfway point of the line. My legs were crossed so tight my muscles were getting sore, beads of sweat had formed on my forehead from the effort of holding it. I felt the pressure start to build again as the second cup of beer forced its way into my overfilled bladder. There was nowhere for it to go so the beer coming in just pushed some pee down my urethra, arriving at my clenched pussy just millimeters from my already damp panties.

I didn’t want to get my dress wet so I tried to hold it without using my hands, I was gripping the outside of my thighs and pressing them together as I leaned back against the wall. I squeezed with all my strength but the pressure was too great. This time I could feel the stream of pee escaping, instantly soaking the crotch of my panties and forming rivulets running down the backs of my thighs. After cutting off the spurt of pee, there was another, then another, each time I could feel the hot wet pee stain on my panties expanding up towards my waistband and up my butt cheeks, with additional drops of pee tracing new paths down the insides and backs of my smooth legs.

The wave of desperation passed but my panties were soaked, my legs had shiny streaks on them, and when I looked down I could see some drops of pee that had fallen straight to the floor beneath me. Even after losing control briefly, my bladder felt as full as ever and I still had a lot of waiting left to do. I just closed my eyes and tried to force the time to pass as fast as possible now that I had my bladder back under control.

I had finally made my way near the front of the line, thinking that I would escape his situation with just a pair of panties to wash, when the third cup of beer trickled into my bladder. I could feel the pee inching towards the base of my urethra as the pressure in my bladder built. No matter how hard I clenched the pee kept crawling towards release. I swallowed my pride and pulled up my dress a little so that I could place my hand directly against the soaked crotch of my white panties, I crossed my legs over my hand and held on for dear life as my bladder kept pushing all the cocktails and beer towards sweet release.

I was in a state of frantic desperation, with just a couple more girls in front of me before I could get into a stall. I didn’t dare remove my hand from my crotch, even knowing that the girls behind me in line could nearly see the bottom of my ass. I couldn’t stand up straight, I was bending my knees and bent at the waist, bobbing up and down. The wave of desperation washed over my clenched pussy and I froze as hot pee trickled out of me. The toilet flushed, the person in front of me dashed in the stall, and I moved up to my place first in line as I slowly pissed myself.

This wave of desperation didn’t pass, it just kept getting stronger. The trickle gave way to a powerful jet which sprayed into my panties for 2 seconds lifting them off my pussy briefly as I created a lake between the fabric and my body, the thin fabric then allowing the urine to seep through and stream through my tightly knotted fingers. I could feel the intense heat against my pussy and in my hands from the hot pee. Streams of pee ran down my legs, creating shiny wet rivers all over my thighs and calves. I regained some control and the jet slowed to a trickle again, but no matter how hard I pressed my thighs together, squeezed my hand with white knuckle grip, and clenched my vagina tight, I could not stop the trickle entirely.

The second jet of pee was longer than the first, the hissing now audibly echoing in the hallway along with the splattering of my pee against the tile floor. Both my hands were grabbing my pussy with a vice grip, but I could only slow the jet of pee down for a few seconds. The pressure quickly returned, and nothing could stop the flood this time. A torrent of pee began to stream out of me, pouring over my hands and forming a waterfall pouring to the ground below. I was leaned back against the wall and slowly sank down as I had a huge pee accident right in the front of the line. As I crouched down, the hot urine twisting down my legs began to just shoot straight through my panties onto the floor, expanding into a huge puddle.

My eyes were closed in a combination of relief and humiliation. I sank lower against the wall hoping to vanish through the floor, but I just landed in my own fresh puddle of pee. The few areas of my panties not covered in pee already were instantly soaked, as was the bottom of my dress. I continued to piss myself, the pee running down my panties from my crotch to my ass then flowing into the expanding puddle. The girls behind me in line backed up and I could hear the faint hissing from the pee flooding my white panties in the the uncomfortably quiet hallway. After what felt like an eternity, I had finished emptying my bladder. With a burning red face and tears in my eyes I finally got back up and ran out of the bar. I looked down and saw the giant wet stain on my dress and could feel that the entire back my dress was soaked, my soaked white panties were see through and tinged yellow.

