Pushing Your Way to the Bathrooms in the Back

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2021-05-06 11:45

This story I actually ended up writing because I was sending extensive emails to my friend Dennis in Belgium and we were talking about how in Europe he was saying how that there is sort of a medieval design to the city where there isn't as much room to include new bathrooms, and a lot of the bathrooms that were included were sort of out-of-the-way or and inconvenient areas, and that a lot of places the bathrooms were really claustrophobic and you might have to push her way through people to get in for a bathroom.

I had experienced this before and I have to say getting pushed through large crowds of people just to get into the bathroom is annoying, but it made me think of one time when this big fat woman sort of pushed her way through the bathroom line and that ultimately ended up inspiring this story. Originally I was thinking of writing one of the other ones on my list, but then I decided I would write this one while the inspiration struck me directly based on my conversations that I was having in emails. I basically finished the emails and said you know what, I'll make this into a story including the character names and everything. Also in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/6383.html

Pushing Your Way to the Bathrooms in the Back

Jill was glad that they managed to get a spot up front where they could see the show really good and clear but she had to admit that it was so packed and the fact that they all had to stand up pressed together shoulder to shoulder was making her extremely claustrophobic.

The bigger problem however was that after standing for several hours Jill was finding that standing up was making her really pack back the liquids to avoid getting dehydrated from the exhaustion of standing, and she soon started to realize that she really needed the bathroom pretty bad.

"Where is the bathroom around here?" Jill finally asked.

"The bathroom is really way towards the back, so it's not really all that convenient," Dennis said as he stood on tip toes and pointed way in the back of the place. "Do you think maybe you can just hold it a little while longer?"

Jill shifted from leg to leg. "You see the thing is I have been already holding it for several hours and I really really have to go! Do you think that maybe we could go find the bathroom now?"

Dennis had to admit that he had to go to the bathroom as well, but the place was so packed that getting to the back of the room where the bathrooms were would be an ordeal. He hadn't considered this when they decided that they would get up front so that they could see the show best.

"You know Jill I think that the show is going to be over soon, so we should probably just wait until the end," Dennis said as Jill sort of frowned and danced in place.

Dennis had to admit that his own need to go to the bathroom was growing by the moment, so he could understand why Jill was getting extremely anxious. At the same time he found it entertaining to see her shifting from foot to foot, as it seemed like she had to go to the bathroom even more than he did because she couldn't stop drinking the entire time since they arrived.

"Oh my God when are we finally going to get to a bathroom," Lisa said as she began dancing in place.

"I know right?" Jill said as the two of them looked at Dennis who simply shrugged his shoulders.

"I'm sorry I simply cannot wait any longer," Lisa said as she began to push her way through the crowd.

"Wait for me," Jill said but found it kind of hard to push through the crowd as there were just too many people. She wasn't quite as pushy as Lisa who was already pushing her way through the crowd of people like she were swimming across a hostile ocean or fighting against the tide.

"It looks like Lisa is a little bit more pushy about getting to the bathroom," Dennis said as he watched her shove her way through the crowd.

Jill shook her head. "I don't like having to brush past so many people just to get to the bathroom. Are you sure that this thing is going to be over soon?"

Dennis looked at his watch. "I would say that within the next half hour we should definitely be out of here, or the show will be over at least."

"A half hour?" Jill said shifting in place and looking at her watch. "A half hour is a long time when you have to go to the bathroom."

"Hey I have to go too, so I know where you are coming from," Dennis said as he laughed but Jill wasn't laughing along with him. Jill was already thinking that there might be a long bathroom line by the time she managed to fight her way to the back where the bathrooms were, where as he probably would not have a very long line, if any.

"This is why I suddenly remembered why I don't like crowded places," Jill said. She enjoyed the fact that they got a good view to the show, even though it meant standing up in the front, which was making her tired, but now she was tired because her bladder was also full.

"Thank you everybody for attending this event and I hope that you all enjoyed yourself," the head of the band said as the show ended.

"Finally!" Jill said as she prepared to bolt to the back where the bathrooms were only to see that there was a huge crowd of people blocking her way. "Excuse me, coming through," Jill said as she tried to press past a bunch of people but found that she could barely move.

"I think you're going to have to be a little bit more aggressive if you want to get through this crowd Jill," Dennis said wondering about whether he should yell fire until realizing that that would probably just make everything worse and was probably illegal.

Dennis began pushing his way through the crowds and Jill started following shortly afterwards. One woman she bumped into hit her elbow right into Jill's stomach and bladder area.

"Sorry," the woman said as she laughed.

"Be careful!" Jill said not needing to get hit in the bladder like that. One thing that Jill hated other than having to pee in a public situation, was having to pee in a public situation while having to press past a bunch of people who were a lot more pushy than she was.

Jill tried to look over the heads of the people that she was pushing through and she could see the Dennis had already almost halfway made his way towards the back of the room.

"Excuse me, girl with a full bladder coming through here," Jill said trying as politely as possible to push through the crowd but finding that she was getting a lot more pushback than she had wanted. For a moment she thought that maybe she should yell fire, but then she figured that would clear the whole place out and she would be in a lot of trouble and wouldn't get to use the bathroom besides.

Finally Jill had managed to push her way towards the back of the club until she began looking for the bathrooms. As she was pressed up against the wall with a bunch of other women she thought that maybe she would ask them.

"You know where the bathroom is?" Jill asked.

"I think that we are somewhere near it and perhaps already in line for it," an obese blonde woman said as she sort of pushed Jill aside and started surging ahead of her. That's when she could see that the woman was surging towards the bathroom rather rapidly and seemingly trying to deflect all of the women that were in her path.

"I wish I were the size of a rhinoceros right now, then I could just push past everyone like that too," Jill said shaking her head and trying to make her way towards the bathroom line but finding that other women were blocking her path. "Excuse me, I really need to get to the bathroom!"

Jill gradually found her way into a large group of women who were just sort of crushed together outside of the bathroom and it wasn't quite obvious where the line actually began, as it was just a whole bunch of women who were sort of pressed together in one location rather than organized into an orderly line.

"Is this the bathroom line?" Jill asked a woman pressed up against the wall next to her.

"I don't think we have quite entered the line yet, I don't think there will be a line until we managed to get our way to the door," the woman said as Jill tried looking over the heads of the women blocking her way to the bathroom door. It was true that there was no clear line, just a whole bunch of women who were all crowded together in one area outside of the bathroom area, and it seemed like as they approached the door they slowly got into the line.

Jill tried to push her way through the crowd of women but they were all blocking her path, so she figured that she would probably have to wait for this large mass of women to just eventually organize themselves in a more coherent fashion, but her patience was wearing thin as the pressure in her bladder was growing more intense.

Jill tried making her way towards the bathroom door but a couple of other women pushed her up against the wall and she found that she couldn't exactly push through them and move, so now she was stuck in sort of a quandary. She couldn't exactly get to the bathroom, but she couldn't exactly leave the crowd even if she wanted to as she was now pressed up against the wall.

Eventually the crowd dispersed a little bit and a more orderly line filled out, but there were so many women just pressed up against the wall that it wasn't very clear where everyone was in line, and a couple of women seemed to be pushing their way towards the front and pushing Jill towards the back.

"Oh my God people are so rude," Jill said as she once again found herself pressed up against the wall. She generally figured that the women pressed up against the wall were sort of snaking towards the door to the bathroom, so she figured that she would just stay put, especially seeing as the crowd was blocking her view of anywhere else in the club. She couldn't remember the last time she saw so many people packed together like sardines.

"Hey Jill are you in here over here," Dennis said as he pushed his way through a crowd of women until he found Jill pressed up against the wall.

"How are we supposed even get into the bathroom with it so packed with people," Jill said.

Dennis shook his head. "Somehow I managed to push my way through to the bathroom and luckily it wasn't too crowded inside. Have you seen Lisa?"

Jill shook her head. "She disappeared like a half hour ago, a good half hour before the show was even over, she was pushier than we were, and for that I envy her!"

Jill finally managed to push her way inside of the hallway leading into the bathroom, which was just a long hallway where people could wait in line, but it was a very narrow hallway leading into the interior of the bathroom, so that as you were waiting in that line you were basically pressed up against the wall as other women sort of pushed their way by you with barely enough space for two people to occupy the same hallway.

"Excuse me, coming through," a woman said as she pushed her way past Jill. There was something especially frustrating and aggravating about the fact that you had to move out of the way as women who had already gotten to go to the bathroom pushed their way past you.

Jill was especially annoyed as she saw a little girl go skipping past merrily sticking out her tongue at all of the women in line. What was she even doing at a show like this?! What type of irresponsible person brings a young child like that to a concert at a club like this?

"Becky get your little ass back here," another big fat woman said as she chugged down a drink and pushed her way down the long line of women crushing them up against the wall and jostling Jill's bladder in the process.

"Well that answers that question," Jill said as she shrugged her shoulders and continued watching woman after woman pushing their way past on their way out of the bathroom.

However that was when Jill noticed someone that she recognized pushing her way down the hallway.

"Lisa," Jill said as Lisa started pushing her way past Jill. Now they were eye to eye basically crushed together in the hallway with their breasts sort of brushing past one another.

"It's pretty crowded in here isn't it," Lisa said with a laugh looking very relieved and relaxed.

"Don't tell me it's as crowded inside as it is on the outside," Jill said as she frowned.

"It's worse, I'll let Dennis know where you are though," Lisa said as she sort of continued pushing her way past. As Jill watched Lisa's ass as it receded into the distance as she walked down the hallway, she couldn't help but wish that she had been more pushy like she was, because then she would have been getting out of the bathroom by now instead of still looking down a long hallway full of women looking anxious and waiting for the bathroom.

"Lisa, you finally got out, where was Jill, did you see her in there?" Dennis said as Lisa came out of the bathroom.

Lisa nodded.

"So how does it look?" Dennis asked.

Lisa crossed her legs over one another and started making bending notions and frowning before she burst out laughing.

"Okay so I guess we won't be seeing Jill anytime soon," Dennis said laughing and rolling his eyes.

As Jill continued to watch woman after woman skipping down the hallway past her, or pushing their way through the very narrow hallway and pressing her up against the wall, her frustration began growing. But finally after what seemed like hours but was probably closer to 40 minutes she was finally almost into the bathroom itself instead of out of the labyrinth that was the hallway leading into the bathroom. She was only a few women from getting into the bathroom itself, even though the bathroom itself looked packed in every direction with several women lining up in front of individual stalls instead of everyone waiting for a stall to open, just so that they could fit more people into the bathroom at once.

"Oh my God this has to be the most inefficient bathroom set up I have ever witnessed," Jill said shaking her head, and she had seen a whole lot of bathroom setups, she had practically memorized every single one in the city.

As Jill was almost into the bathroom itself that was when she saw a familiar face, it was the big blonde rhinoceros who was pushing her way to get out of the bathroom, but as she tried to get back into the hallway she sort of stopped in her tracks.

"I can't fit," the morbidly obese blonde woman said as she tried to get into the hallway but found that she couldn't fit in the hallway with other women on the other side of the hallway.

"You managed to fit getting into the bathroom," Jill said with more than a little bit of snarky tone in her voice.

The woman shook her head." When I came into the bathroom I was waiting in a single line where I was the only one taking up room in the hall, but now I don't think that I can fit past all of the women in line to get out of the bathroom."

Jill wanted to tell the woman that maybe if she lost weight she could actually fit through a hallway, but she didn't want to antagonize this woman who finally got to go to the bathroom, where as her bladder was still very full.

"Well are you going to move," the woman finally said standing there with her hands on her massive hips and tapping her foot impatiently.

"What do you mean move? I am waiting in line for the bathroom." Jill shook her head.

The giant of a woman shook her head. "Look for me to get out of the bathroom I think that everyone else in line is going to have to clear a path for me so that I can get down this hallway, because otherwise I think I'm going to crush everybody on the way out."

"What are you freaking serious?" Jill said staring at the woman clearly annoyed, but the woman stared back at her and didn't seem like she was going to move on this issue.

"Come on I've got people waiting for me outside and they're going to wonder what happened to me," the big fat woman said.

Jill wanted to say that if they had any logic in their brains they probably would have suspected that she got stuck in the stall because she was too fat. Apparently she was somehow skinny enough to fit into the stall, though Jill didn't know how she managed that either, as this woman seemed like she would need something the size of an elephant cage to relieve herself in.

The big fat woman eventually started pushing her way through when Jill and the other woman started walking back in the line walking down the hallway as this woman pushed everybody back until they were all pushed out of the bathroom.

"Jill, you finally got out of the bathroom!" Lisa shouted as she laughed. "I didn't think we would be seeing you anytime in the next half hour."

"I didn't get to go to the bathroom yet, we all had to move because there was an elephant in the bathroom, or one of those giants from Easter Island," Jill said getting annoyed.

"Are you making fun of my weight," the blonde woman said, Jill not realizing that she was still there.

"Look I used to be fat myself, so I'm normally not one to make fun of someone's weight, but if you can't fit down a hallway by yourself I think that there is something of a problem, and now you had to push all of us out of the bathroom just so that you could make your way out of the bathroom, well I think that's kind of rude," Jill said as she began arguing with this woman.

"I have a glandular issue, it's not my fault, I think it's rude to make fun of people's weight," the woman said as Jill suddenly noticed that all of the women that had been pushed out of the bathroom were getting back in line and piling into the hallway ahead of her.

"Well if you excuse me some of us still have business to attend to," Jill said as the big fat woman sort of blocked her path to get back in line. "Excuse me do you think you can move?"

"I don't know, maybe I am too big to move, maybe I have my own gravitational force and that you won't be able to walk past me without being drawn into my orbit," the blonde woman said.

Dennis looked at his watch. "I don't mean to interrupt to this but I don't think we have time for you to wait in the back of the line Jill, we really do have to catch our bus."

The blonde woman smiled. "Actually I have a bus that I need to catch as well."

"I can't believe this!" Jill shouted as the blonde woman snorted and started walking off arrogantly, her big fat ass waddling up and down as she did so.

"Come on Jill, we will get on the bus and we will find a bathroom sooner than we would if we had to wait here," Lisa said as Dennis nodded.

Jill stomped her foot down. "God dammit, I just hope I never see that elephant woman ever again."

Lisa, Dennis and Jill piled onto the bus, but unfortunately the bus was also packed to the brim with people, and Jill found herself being crushed up against the wall by an all-too-familiar gigantic ass.

"Small world isn't it," the big fat blonde woman said as she was pressed right up against Jill, her elbow digging into Jill's bladder.

Jill wanted to say something snarky, wanted to say that the world would be a lot smaller without her added weight to it, but as she felt herself being pressed against the back of the bus, this woman's fat body crushing into her bladder, she knew that it was best not to antagonize the literal elephant in the room, because they had a long ride ahead of them and she knew that, now that she was with this woman again, that it would be a whole lot longer.

*002*2021-05-06 15:07

@LifeIsStrange

I do hope to eventually write some type of story involving Covid and going to the bathroom inspired by my own experiences at work and everything like that.

I actually had a pretty bad experience with my Covid shot seeing as I got it like two days after I got out of the hospital with my acid reflux and it totally caused me to get sick and vomiting and relapse, and really I was sick for pretty much the entirety of April. I certainly hope that I don't have a similar reaction next week when I get the second shot because I certainly don't want to go through with all of that. I feel like I'm really just still recovering from that now.

