Movie realism gone too far?

Author: DespMely

*000*2018-12-17 16:10

This story (multi-part) is based on a roleplay I had over chat with “burstingboy”, who´s idea the whole scenario was. Will eventually contain pee desperation, poo desperation, peeing and wetting with minor sexual content.

(this first small segment contains VERY minor poo desp)

„Please hurry up i´ve been waiting soooo loooong!“

Kira said in a half-moaning and half-whining voice, knocking on the bathroom door with one hand while pressing the other onto her crotch.

She blushed slightly as she bent forward slightly, pushing out her bottom as she wiggled in front of the locked toilet door.

“I can´t wait any longer!” The girl behind her, Megan, added, herself standing one leg and angling the second against it, squirming on the spot. The two girls were at the front of a queue of 26 girls all waiting for a chance at the single ladies room, in various stages of discomfort and urgency.

“I can´t believe how long the line for the toilet is!” Megan gasped, pushing a hand in front of her crotch as well in an exaggerated motion. Kira nodded and rolled her eyes, reaching forward to knock on the door again sharply as she saw two other girls walk by the queue quickly.

“Is this the line for the ladies room? This is ridiculous!” the blonde said with an eyeroll, making a show of crossing her legs and wiggling her ass. “yeah…there is no way I can wait for it, it´d take forever to make it through…” the brunette agreed, swaying her hips and putting her legs close together knees bent slightly. Both looked away from the toilet with desperate grimaces as if in serious pain for a few moments before the blonde leaned over to the other girl and said loudly “lets find a bush we have to get back…” before they hurried off to a side.

'I wish I could find a bush!´ Kira thought, still doing her badly designed pee dance in front of the toilet cursing her full bladder, looking longingly at the toilet door hoping against hope for it to open.

“CUT!” a loud voice called, followed by a series of gasps and groans behind Kira. She immediately locked her knees and squirmed, closing her eyes at the relief actual pee dancing brought her, however fleeting. “This is ridiculous why do we have to actually needing the loo if they´re gonna tell us how to act anyway?” Megan complained, speed-walking on the spot. Behind her a girl was holding her stomach hunched over and looking down the line Kira couldn´t see a single girl standing still apart from 2 with legs crossed very tightly. “Its just us lucky ones at the front that get to talk…that’s why they pay us that extra buck remember?” she said to Megan.

“Reset…one more people then we´ll have the scene” the director called, leading to a fresh series of groans from the queue. “Oh god here we go again” Kira muttered, stopping her dance and putting a hand over the crotch in a very obvious way totally unsuited to actually help her hold the lake of pee in her bladder.

„Please hurry up i´ve been waiting soooo loooong!“

*006*2019-01-03 13:35

Second part (of probably 3)

This one includes both pee and poop desperation.

„Cut! Thats a wrap, thank you for your patience…“ The directors voice was drowned out by a chorus of gasps and groans once again. „Where´s the real toilets?“ one girl instantly yelled. Kira sighed as she squirmed frantically, the fake toilet in front of her still tricking her brain into thinking relief was near. Typical that nobody told the extras who were supposed do be desperate for bathroom where the actual bathroom was beforehand! „God I´m bursting – if this scene doesn´t turn out realistic its none of MY fault!“ Meghan groaned next to her, twisting her legs around each other.

Kira nodded emphatically, even though she still didn´t see the point in first making her get desperate to pee and then not allowing her to squirm as she would realistically do. But that was the movie business for you. One of the interns finally deigned to come over to the desperate group and pointed out the direction of the ladies restrooms, giggling at their pee and poo dances. Glancing at one of other girls, a pretty redhead, clutch her gurgling tummy, Kira quietly thanked the fates that she didn´t have to endure THAT. Having a bladder filled to bursting was bad enough.

„Come on sleepyhead I don´t want to end up last in line!“ Megan said, jolting her out of her thoughts as they all took into a long hallway.

A few of the girls ran ahead while most only managed a fast walk or, as in their cases, a rather funny-looking hobble as they struggled to keep their legs close together. „I really hope they have enough stalls in that toilet“ Kira said nervously as they followed the rush, walking as fast as she could without loosing it. „You wish…we´ll just have to queue again“ Meghan sighed in reply. „They could have just filmed there – it would´ve been even more realistic with the thought of actual relief in all our heads! Now pick it up i can´t wait for all of those girls…“ she groaned as a girl passed them, speed-walking with a hand over her perky butt.

„I´m trying but if i go any faster I won´t need the toilet!“ Kira said, grimacing as they saw the first girls up ahead rush into the ladies room. As they reached the door to join the rush inside, they already heard cries of „hurry“, „not again“ and „i really gotta go!“ from the girls jostling into yet another long line in front of the 5 occupied stalls. None of their group had gotten one yet, and one bemused-looking camera assistant had already given up her spot to the much more desperate girls. „You look like you need it a lot more than I do“ i giggled at them as she walked past, leaving the 26 girls squirm and fidget waiting for their opportunity at relief. Kira and Megan had only managed to beat a single girl into line, a pretty blonde who was walking on the spot behind them blushing furiously as she tugged at her skirt.

At least the stalls freed up quickly, allowing the lucky ones who had run ahead in with rapid hiking of skirts or tugging down of shorts and jeans. The loud blasts of pee from all the stalls was met with a serious of groans from the waiting crowd, several girls slamming their hands into their crotches at the sound. „Oh this is torture!“ Megan moaned, her own hand wedged into her pussy as she writhed in her tight jeans. „Tell me about it“ Kira agree, shaking her hips and grinding her legs together making her skirt ride up slowly. „They better hurry up!“

„Yeah…HURRY“ another girl took up the cry, still a dozen from the stalls as she clenched her bum tight, marching on the spot „I gotta get in there something awful!“

„I wonder what they gave those poor girls“ Kira remarked to Megan, nodding towards her as the girl in front of her, the redhead still holding her stomach looking very pale, turned. „Something that REALLY works“ she groaned, tensing her bum „I feel like i´m gonna explode any minute here“

„I´m sure you´ll make it…“ Kira winced in sympathy, her own dire straights momentarily alleviated. „They have it worse than us…“ she said quietly to Megan, who nodded but then grimaced. „I wonder how many of those they gave out? There´s only 5 stalls…“

„What do you mean…“ Kira said just as one of the pale girls got a stall, ripped off her short and slammed herself on the toilet with a huge splatter of soft poo and a moan or relief „Oh….“ Kira stared at Megan in comprehension. Those girls might need longer than those desperate to pee. Possibly a lot. She let her eyes roam over the queue, sparing a longing glance at 2 girls entering cubicles, one already with her skirt over her hips displaying a pair of floral panties turned dark blue by a too-soon spurt of wee, counting the girls clutching tummies. „Oh, shit“ she and Megan said at the same time.

*010*2019-01-29 12:34

Finally - part 3!

Includes poo despvand light messing be warned

„This could be trouble if they need a long time“ Megan said with a desperate grimace as she marched on the spot twisting her legs.

„Oh god I hope not. I can´t wait much longer!“ Kira exclaimed, her own pee dance intensifying as the next lucky girls started to pee forcefully, one letting out a loud moan of relief.

„Oh shit I can´t make it!“ the blonde behind them suddenly sobbed, making Kira turn and stare as the girl held her pusy with both hands, a growing wet patch in her crotch. Clearly she had no chance of reaching a stall in time. Looking around frantically, the girl hobbled to the tiny sink „Out of my way“ she half-screamed, half-sobbed at the girl washing her hands as she jerked up her skirt. Pee spurted through her lace panties as she half-sat on the sink, holding herself up with one hand against the wall as she pulled her dripping wet panties aside with the other, quietly sobbing as she released her full bladder.

Kira, Megan and the rest of the queueing girls stared, several holding themselves as they watched the girl go.

„I may need the sink next“ Megan whispered to Kira, blushing a bit. Kira nodded, blushing red too as she stared a the girls pussy still disgorging a waterfall. „After me. I´m dying!“ she agreed.

Just as Megan was about to protest her own greater need, the girl on the sink gave a shriek and slid off the sink as ist wall holdings gave way under her weight. Luckily the pipes didn´t break, too, so the sink was left hanging half out of the wall but, clearly, nobody was using it as a emergency toilet any more. The blonde girl, meanwhile, had managed to break her fall, the only casualty her skirt as she finished her long wee into i on the floor.

„Oh great just our luck“ Megan whined, unbuttoning her jeans to give her bulging bladder a bit more room. They still had 9 girls in front of them while the two leftmost stalls had been claimed by girls with the runs, none of which showed any signs of opening up soon.

„Are you done yet? Dying out here!“ the girl next in line yelled, one leg lifted up and pressed against the other as she wiggled her bum around and held herself with one hand. Behind her the next of the unfortunate tummy girls, bum clenched tight in her jeans as she walked on the spot stiffly, one hand on her backside whimpering softly „hurry ohhh please hurry uuuuup!“

„I wish I could do that but then my skirt would fall off“ Kira groaned as she watched Megan unbutton the rest of her jeans buttons revealing a pair of red-dotted white panties before she shoved a hand between her legs under her prominent bladder bulge.

„Ohhh“ Megan exclaimed as she found slight relief „Without this I´d wet myself for sure!“

„Somebody hurry its coming out!“ the poo dancing girl suddenly yelled, both hands clamped on her ass. Luckily for her a stall door opened and she ran in, almost bowling over the relieved girl as she slid down her pants. Her panties were full of poo as she turned to squat, errupting with a groan of relief before she slammed the door.

„There goes another stall“ Kira sighed, squirming frantically to fight off the small leaks escaping into her panties. „I´m not sure I can keep dry much longer“ she admitted to Megan with a blush.

„Tell me about it…“ the other girl replied, removing her hand briefly with a blush of her own, giving Kira a glimpse of her wet crotch.

„Are you still not done? There´s a queue you know!“ the girl next in line said urgently, knocking on the stall door oft he first girl to start pooping.

„Sorry I…ohhhh I really got the runs. I´ll be a while longer!“ she replied with a groan, joining the other 2 girls in splattering their bowls.

„What are we going to do?“ Megan said quietly to Kira, nodding at the clenched rear of the girl in front oft hem fighting to contain her bowels.

Kira shrugged, then reached under her skirt to hold herself tightly as two new girls released their pent-up pee into the toilets sighing blissfully. „Ohhh finally! This is soooo good!“ one gasped.

Grimacing, Kira tapped the poo-dancing girl on the shoulder. „i´m really sorry but we are about to wet ourselves“ she blushed and pointed at Megan jumping up and down holding her crotch.

„Could we just pee quickly before you, uhm, go poo?“

The girl just stared at her with a desperate expression, whimpering slightly as her bowels churned audibly „I…..I´m sorry. I just can´t….its…..I´m about to go in my panties“ she muttered, stiffling a sob.

„Please. We´ll be super quick, neither of us can wait…we´d wet ourselves!“ Kira tried again, pleading and looking at her desperately.

The girls eyes went down to her hand between her legs, hunching up her skirt. „I guess…..“ she began, but then doubled over, her eyes going wide as she put one hand on her stomach and the other pressed against her bottom. „uhhhhhh oh god. Sorry but I can´t wait another second!“ she whimpered before turning from Kira „Hurry i´m having an accident“ she groaned, poo dancing frantically as her last remaining fellow sufferer charged into a stall, skirt raised showing her own full panties as she slammed her butt on the seat.

The remaining 3 girls in front of them shifted slightly to wait for the one remaining stall containing a furiously peeing girl as they wiggled and squirmed. The first one already sported a fist-sized wet patch on her butt that grew noticably as the stall flushed „Hurry“ she moaned, opening her jeans and hobbling in with them sliding down her legs past the girl opening the door. Small rivulets of pee ran down her legs as she squatted down, pulling down her panties an afterthought as her pee sprayed out of her like a firehose.

„Oh dear god i just want to gooooo!“ Kira whined, adjusting her grip on her pussy as she pulled her skirt up around her hips with the other hand. Glancing back, she saw Megans eyes stray to her butt for a moment, not quite dry anymore.

„Join the club“ the other girl said with a desperate smile, her own legs in constant motion.

„please ohhh please hurry“ the final girl in front of them whimpered as the one ahead of her took the stall, miraculously having kept her panties dry until now. She had both hands on her perky bottom and was shivering visibly from the effort of holding it, desperate to join the girls in the other four stalls, neither of which had come out yet.Feeling another spurt soak into her panties, Kira gasped and hobbled past the stalls, banging on each before stopping at the one that had been occupied the longest.

„Please aren´t you done yet? I am seriously about to pee my panties any second. Please come out!“ she pleaded, bent over, feet dancing furiously.

„Sorry not quite“ was the quiet answer from inside the stall as the girls kept groaning and squirting intermittently.

Despairing, Kira glanced back towards Megan whos jeans were starting to slide down and was holding her pussy inside her wet panties, face red as she scissored her legs behind the girl.

„Please I am begging you just let me have a quick piss first“ she tried as the stall flushed.

The other girl just ignored her as she opened her pants and let them slide down over her tightly clenched, quivering bum, moaning slightly as her panties stretched a bit as more poo forced its way into them making a big bulge. Without a coment she threw herself into the free stall, crying in relief as she errupted with a big load of soft poo into the bowl.

„What now?“ Kira and Megan both groaned, looking at each other as they stood outside the full cubicles, each occupied by a pooping girl. Each had one hand on their pussy, Megan inside her panties with her jeans around her thighs, while Kira was pushing against hers over her sodden panties, skirt high over her waist.

„I have to find a place to pee ist coming“ Kira gasped, loosing another spurt that ran down her leg, her panties unable to soak up any more. Uncaring that her skirt was over her waist she hobbledout of the toilet, frantically looking around for something, anything to squat behind. Spotting a low bush not too far off she started towards it, leaking almost constantly now.

„Wait for meeee“ Megan wailed as she came out of the toilet as well, both hands clutching her crotch as she tried to hobble after the other girl with her pants almost down to her knees, panties soaked through as well.

Kira didn´t wait, however, she only wanted to reach the bush, squat and pee until not a drop remained in her aching, suffering bladder. With a few steps left she started to tug at her panties a stream of pee errupting from her pussy instantly as she removed her hand.

„Oh my gooood“ she gasped as she stopped, already dropping into a squat, the stream turning into a faucet as she blasted the pavement with her pee. It took her over half a minute before she was over the almost orgasmic bliss of finally peeing before she could think enough to wonder why there was pavement under the bush.

Just as she did, Megan finally reached her, moaning and sobbing, her jeans very wet as she was peeing full force by the time she dropped inot a squat besides Kira, her own stream at least as strong. „This is better than a fuck“ she moaned, eyes closed as she gave a low, long groan of pleasure at the relief.

Kira smiled at the other girl, her own bladder deflating rapidly.

Looking away from Megans bliss, she wondered again at the pavement she was peeing onto, and raised her head a bit over the bush, eyes going wide as she looked right into the cameras.

„CUT!“ the director yelled, with a laugh. „I guess we don´t need to bother with the fake pee for those two.“ He gestured at the blonde and brunette who stood next to the bush, staring open-mouthed at the pissing girls. „This is much more realistic – I think we found our new stunt doubles for any potty emergency scenes!“

Kira closed her eyes as the crew broke out into laughter and felt her cheeks going bright red. But as her bladder finally emptied, she gave a small smile anyway.

