Anna’s humiliation- My first fiction story here :)

Author: DeeEss

*000*2024-11-20 14:10

Hi. This is my first fiction story here so it might be a little rough. I am also trying to still understand the site so hopefully this gets posted where it is supposed to be lol. First part is just the set up. Hope you like it : )

Anna’s Humiliation

1. Shawn

Have you heard of those stories of office rivalry where two people of equal position are competing for a promotion and one of them gets kicked off because the other decides to sleep with the boss? Well, I was living it. And this wasn’t me being a sore loser. Anna and me started working in this firm together. We became friends, we learned together. When we were told that one of us was up for promotion, we were really excited. She won it and I was so happy for her. So proud.

We went out to celebrate her win. 4 drinks down, a completely drunk Anna blurted out that she slept with the boss for it. And she was proud. No regrets, no apologies. “You’ve got to do what you’ve got to do, right Shawn?” she laughed. “I knew you’d understand.” No. I didn’t. I had worked my ass off for it too.

”Come on Shawn, if the boss was a woman, you would have done the same thing.” I couldn’t believe her.

I somehow swallowed my pride the next day, thinking of giving it a new start. We were friends after all. But Anna was a different person. Her simple outfits had changed to crisp tailor cut pants, shirt and a blazer with tall pointy heels that echoed on the entire floor. I dropped by her new office to wish her luck and what followed surprised me.

“I’m your senior Shawn. You do not enter without permission. And you do not call me by my name.” She made sure she was loud enough for everyone to hear. The week followed and Anna did not leave a single opportunity to publicly humiliate me and remind me of my position. She made me personally deliver the files to her office for her signature.

I was done. She needed to be humbled. I knocked on her door as usual, with the files in my hand. There was no response. Lucky me, I wouldn’t have to see her smug face. I walked in to leave the files on her table. I was about to leave when I heard a ping on her computer. And then another, and another.

My morals were out of the window. I walked behind the screen and my jaw was on the floor. This prim and proper girl was watching porn in the office. Then I looked closely. ‘Oh Anna, you are in so much trouble,’ I laughed. There were multiple tabs with stories and videos of women peeing their pants. At home, on the road, in the office, fully clothed and wet. I checked another tab and found a chat room. This is where the pings were coming from. My new boss was talking to strangers about how much she fantasised about them controlling her bladder while she was at work. I made a note of her username and rushed out of her office.

I was on my way to my desk when Anna walked towards me. “I am still waiting for the project email Shawn,” she was loud. “Yes Anna, give me an hour,” I replied, still not over the mental image of her trying to desperately hold her pee. “Yes who?” she was louder now. “Sorry. Yes ma’am.”

I somehow made it through the day. This was barely about revenge now, it was hugely turning me on. Reaching home, I signed in to the chat room right away. I could not hold back my excitement. I found her page and dropped my first text.

2. Anna

My new position in the office was fantastic. More money, less work. And I could boss around half of the employees. I took a shower, got ready for bed and logged in. Most of the men I talked to on the site were disappointing. But the thrill of using the site in office was beyond something I had ever imagined. I had discovered my kink of bladder control some time back. I was travelling for a work meeting. I had a lot of coffee to keep me awake and the meeting ran longer than I expected. By the end of it, I was squirming and could barely make sense of what anyone was saying. I had goosebumps all over my body. You’d think I would be embarrassed but I have never been that turned on before.

It’s pretty tough to find a partner to share this fantasy with in real life. Boring, boring, boring, I swiped through all the texts.

“Take off all your clothes and say hi.” A new member. My heart skipped a beat. This was too bold for a first move. Bold enough to make me shiver. I gave in. I was completely naked on my bed.

“Hi”

“I want your legs spread wide while you answer my questions.”

“Yes” I had a lump in my throat.

“Yes sir”

“Yes sir”

“Good girl. When did you pee?”

“30 mins ago. In the shower.”

“Describe it to me.”

“I take a cold shower after work. So I was standing under the flowing water and I let go. I felt the warmth spread down my thighs as I emptied my bladder.”

“Did you touch yourself?”

“Yes” my face was red.

This man was fire. I sat in my bed, naked with legs spread wide while we talked. He took his time getting to know me, my fantasies.

“Have you ever done a hold in public?”

“No, I’m shy. And scared.”

“But you want to?”

My face was red again. I was so turned on.

“Yes. But I don’t know what to do.”

“Even better. Now listen carefully. You can sleep however you’d like. But no touching. Tomorrow morning, you use the bathroom to pee as soon as you wake up. Have a coffee or any juice with your breakfast and get dressed for work. We’ll start easy for the first time, make sure you wear black pants. You will text me when you leave the house.”

I dressed back up and it took me a while to calm down from the excitement.

The next morning I did exactly what he told me to. I was a little scared, unsure of taking instructions from a total stranger but the excitement was too much. I had my cup of coffee and dressed into a light blue shirt and black pants. Getting into my car, my hands were shaking as I logged in to send him a text.

“Stop at a coffee shop on your way. Get a large iced coffee and 2 big bottles of water. Ask for a small empty cup and keep it in your purse. Got to keep you hydrated. Drink your coffee on your way and make sure to finish it before you enter the building.”

I was so nervous that the barista asked me if I was alright. I had finished more than half of the cup when I reached. I drank the rest in the parking lot and walked out of the car. I reached my desk and sent him an update, eagerly waiting for his reply.

“This is the updated client package ma’am.” I was startled and I almost dropped my phone. My subordinate Shawn was standing in front of my desk. Buzzkill. I knew he disliked me because of the promotion and his tone was always filled with disrespect. I wouldn’t have it.

“Leave it on my desk.” I said without looking at him. He left without a word.

“I want you to fill the small cup with water and drink it immediately. Then refill it again and keep it on your desk. Set a timer for every 15 mins. You drink the water, refill the cup and leave it on your desk while you wait for the next timer. Text me at lunch. Now go. Get your work done.”

“Yes sir” I replied and drank my first cup of water.

It was very hard to get my work done or concentrate on anything else than this man. I lost count on how many times I refilled the cup. I had just opened the second bottle when I felt the sudden urge to pee. The absolute NEED to pee. I checked my watch and there was a long way to go for lunch.

“I need to pee, can I please go?” I waited for a response, my eyes glued to the screen. I kept waiting and the timer went off again.

Oh nooooo, I sighed. I drank the cup and refilled it. The sight of the full cup in front of me was driving me crazy. I had never felt something like this before.

“Please sir, I really really need to go.” I waited again.

I got a reply just a few minutes before the timer. “Your bladder is a lightweight.” I could picture this anonymous, faceless man laughing. Embarrassment creeped into my body.

“I’ll go easy on you since it’s the first time. You can stop drinking now.”

“Thankyou sir. Can I please go pee?”

“Haha, no. Let’s take a walk around your office, shall we? Talk to 3 colleagues separately and then come back to your desk and ask me again nicely.”

I took a deep breath. It was the hardest walk of my life. Each conversation felt so long. I made small talk, asked about work and by the time I was done with the third, I felt my legs shake. I excused myself and rushed towards my desk.

“Ma’am do you need to go?”

“What, no I don’t- “ I came face to face with Shawn. He was blocking the door of my office. How did he know? Fear gripped my body. If someone found out what I had been doing -

“So the client agreed?”

“What?” I was trying so hard to keep a straight face.

“You read the client package I gave you this morning, didn’t you? Did you talk to the client? Did they agree to the deal or do you have to go and pitch a new contract to them?”

My god. I needed to calm down. “They agreed.”

“That’s great.” He smiled. Or was that a smirk? I couldn’t care less. I felt a little trickle of piss flow in my panties.

“Fuckk, excuse me,” I rushed into my office. I had leaked. I couldn’t hold it anymore.

“I did it. Please let me pee.”

“I don’t know. You don’t sound that desperate you know?”

“Oh fuck I can’t hold it. Please sir let me go. I think I already leaked a little in my panties. I am squirming, please.“ I was typing with my right hand and my left hand was straight up my crotch. I couldn’t stand still, I was shifting from leg to leg.

“Maybe you should let go right here. In your office. How hot would it be to pee all over your neat office pants.”

No no no

“And maybe someone would walk in. See you pissing yourself, standing in a puddle of your pee.”

Oh fuck no. My entire body shivered.

“Please I can’t hold it.”

“I’m sure we’ll get to that hot scenario soon enough. Go to the washroom, but don’t take your pants off. Sit on the toilet fully clothed and convince me that you really need to pee. Don’t you dare cross your legs.”

Fuck.

I ran to the washroom, just praying that it wouldn’t be occupied. Luckily it wasn’t. I sat down on the toilet with my pants on and my legs felt weak. I was so close, this was evil. I was struggling to keep my legs uncrossed.

“Please sir, please allow me to pee. I am so desperate that I can’t think of anything else. I’m slowly leaking and I’m sure that my panties have a wet spot. I’m sweating and shaking and I’ve never wanted to go so badly. I will lose control any second now.”

“Haha you must be looking so hot, trying to not lose control. Wait a full minute and then you can pull your clothes down and pee.”

It was the longest one minute. I held my crotch tightly with both hands. As soon as the time passed, I immediately pulled my pants and panties down. My pee gushed out in a stream before I even sat back down properly and the sound of the stream hitting the toilet sent shivers down my spine. This was the hottest thing I had ever done.

~ It’s my first story. If y’ll like it, I might continue. Let me know : )

Dee

*006*2024-11-24 00:00

Posting the next part, have fun : )

*007*2024-11-24 00:07

3. Shawn

I had been watching Anna the entire day and I couldn't believe how hot it was to see her hold so desperately. The look on her face when she squirmed, trying to keep her legs crossed tight was beyond my imagination.

I finally let her pee and I watched as she walked back into her office with a look of relief and arousal mixed together. I quickly opened her chat box.

"Good girl Anna, you managed to keep your pants dry."

"Thank you sir." I could see her blush through the glass door of her office.

"For now."

"What?"

"Nothing. Tell me, how did you like the experience of holding your pee at work?"

"It was the hottest thing that has ever happened to me. I was squirming and leaking by the end of it and I really thought I would lose control. All I could think of was how much I'd like to pee."

"Haha, this is just the beginning. Continue your work now. Use the washroom as much as you'd like. We have plans in the evening."

"Plans?"

"Patience Anna. Now remember, the last time you pee is here in the office before leaving work. Buy a bottle of apple juice on your way home. When you reach home, finish your chores and be ready for my text. Clear?"

"Yes sir."

"Good girl."

The rest of the day, I watched her rush to the washroom every 30-40 mins. The thrill of not knowing when she would get to pee after leaving work was definitely having an effect over her. Man, I was going to have so much fun with this one.

I reached home and thought about what Anna would have been upto. Taking a bath, doing her laundry, cooking dinner, all while intermittently glancing at the toilet, anxious and far more excited.

"What are you wearing right now?"

"Pajamas."

"You're going to change into one of your tightest panties and skinny jeans. Put on a belt around your waist such that it fits comfortably. And yes, nothing above the waist. The weather is nice, cozy and cold. You have 5 minutes."

"Done sir."

"Take a shot glass, a normal cup, the apple juice and a full bottle of water."

"Okay." I wished I could see her face, all anxious and flustered.

"We are going to play a game of tasks. For every task that you manage to complete, you take a shot of apple juice. For every task you fail, you drink a full glass of water."

"Yes."

"Before we begin, it's been hours since you peed. How badly do you want to go?"

"I think I'm at a 6."

"That's too bad, you really can't hold, can you? This will be fun. Can I see you on a video call? Your choice."

"I don't mind."

Jackpot. I covered the camera of my laptop with masking tape. All Anna was going to see was a black screen. She was a sexy sight on video. Sitting on her bed topless in tight jeans, fidgeting nervously.

"It's hot how nervous you are. Let's begin. Task no 1- Stand on one leg in a tree pose for 3 minutes. If your other leg touches the ground, you fail."

She got down from her bed and positioned her camera. 10 seconds into the pose and she was already shaking. In a moment she lost her balance and her face went red with embarrassment.

"Come on Anna, failing at the first task?" I laughed. She couldn't look at the camera. "Drink up." This was going to be too easy.

She finished the glass of water and I continued. "2. Let's do 50 jumping jacks in a minute. This should be easy."

She was panting but she made it and took a shot of apple juice. I knew her bladder would start acting up pretty soon now.

"3rd. Get some ice cubes. Those nipples look like they need some attention. Lie down on the floor on your back. Place an ice cube on each nipple and one on your belly button. Stay still till they melt. If you move and the ice slips to the floor, you fail."

She visibly gulped and returned with the ice. Goosebumps formed on her bare skin as soon as the ice came into contact with her sensitive spots. She couldn't stay still, she was practically shaking.

"Stay still."

But she didn't. A slight movement and the ice one her left nipple hit the floor. I made her stay as she was till the other two cubes melted, leaving trails of cold water all over her chest. She smiled sheepishly and downed another glass of water.

The way her body reacted, shutting her jeans clad legs tightly together gave away that she was easily at a 8.5/10

"Do you want to pee Anna?"

"Y-yes" her hands went to her crotch.

"Hands off. Task no 4. I've sent you a link. Watch the entire video, kneeling with your legs spread as wide as you can and your hands behind your back. You break position before the video ends and you fail. I'll go and take a piss. Seeing you squirm has made me want to go."

"Fuck." I heard her sigh. The video was a compilation of multiple girls peeing their pants after long holds. I knew the sight and sound of them getting a release would drive her crazy.

She was shaking and trying her best to stay with her legs wide and hands behind her back as she watched the girls release large amounts of pee full clothed.

I almost thought she would lose it but she was somehow managing to hold on.

"Oh that was a relief, I really had to pee." I pretended to have returned back. The video still had a couple of minutes left.

"Fuck I can't hold it anymore. This is too much. I really really need to go. Please sir let me go and pee," she was still holding the position. Then a big wet spot appeared in front of her jeans.

"Oh my god, I'm leaking, I'm leaking. I can't stop. Can I please go?" her voice was shaky.

"Come on Anna, just a few seconds and the video will end. Hold on." She closed her eyes but the wet spot slightly increased, turning the inside of her thighs a darker shade of blue.

"You can hold yourself however you like now." I said as the video ended. She immediately crossed her legs together and held on to her crotch with both hands.

"Please I need to pee," she was begging. I could see her bladder bulge.

"Let's tighten that belt 2 more holes."

"What? No please, I can't." She looked incredibly hot just trying to hold herself together.

"Do it."

She tightened the belt with shaky hands and immediately held on to her crotch again.

"This is too much pressure. I feel like I'm bursting. Please let me go pee." I knew all she could think about was relief. I was only going to stop when she would completely flood her tight jeans.

"You leaked but I'll still take this as a win. Take a juice shot." Her entire body shivered.

"5th task. Stand up, you can keep your legs together but don't cross them. Hands above your head. Then I want you to tell me how much you enjoy this and why."

She was squirming and sweating profusely. "It's just- just extremely hot to have my bladder controlled by someone, to be told when to pee and when not to." She started leaking agin.

"Oh god, oh god, I'm can't hold it." her hands grabbed her drenched crotch.

"Keep talking."

"Fuck. I don't know. The- the loss of control feels amazing. Oh shit, I'm peeing my pants, no no no" She indeed was. She completely lost control and drenched her panties and jeans with her big stream of piss, collapsing to the floor in the puddle of her pee.

This was hottest thing I had ever seen. I couldn't imagine how hot it would be when I would make her pee her pants in public.

- The story could go a lot of ways - maybe they become a couple and have fun together or maybe Shawn takes revenge. Maybe Shawn tries holding too? Or he gets another friend and makes Anna compete? Suggestions? : )

Dee

