Damsel Knights

Author: donut_tire

*000*2017-10-11 04:39

Hi!

Gonna try my writing with this story, i would like a feedback once in a while! Thanks! Now, without further ado...

Episode 1 - The Newest Member is a Fiery Journalist!

@@On a clear night in the city, the silence is interrupted by what seems to be a fight, on a closer look it seems to be a 1 vs 4 fight however the lone girl seems to have the upper hand while the other four girls are struggling, things doesn´t look very good for these colourful girls. The Black attired girl stood and stroked her chin while taunting her rivals "Heh, i got to say, it is very brave of you to keep pestering us after Our Queen humilliated you and on top of that taking away all the dignity you had left" The tallest of the girls, wearing a silver Uniform steps up pointing her weapon at her rival defying her taunts "Because we still have hope, and that´s why we keep coming back, as long as we´re here, you..." suddendly her knees touched each other, her body was shaking and in a blink the Silver attired Girl fell onto her knees using her halberd as the only support she could cling into, "Hnng... N-no, not... Not now!". The Rival, delighted at the heroine´s issue turned her back and started walking. The remaining girls, concerned rushed to aid her friend only to be reprimanded by her "W-what are you doing?! Chase her! D-don´t let her..." The Silver girl went muted with a light blush on her face and and blank expression, her halberd was dissolving into nothing just as her uniform was reverting to casual street clothes with a "poofy" shape on her denims, the Rival upon hearing the heroine going mute she, just smiled without looking back then she adressed at the girls "And remember, as long as my Queen is on charge... You will never regain control of yourselves!" A Dark portal opens up and the Black attired girl went inside as she laughed at the heroine´s misfortune, the remaining girls tried to follow but then the portal vanished in a blink. " bèn dàn!!!* (Translation: "Stupid Egg!"), she escaped again!" the Girl in Light Green complained while her uniform reverted back into her civilian clothes (A sports jersey with cargo pants and sneakers), "Watch your language in front of me!" The girl with the Purple uniform replied as she followed suit and reverted to street gear ( denim jacket with a purple undershirt, a short white ruffled skirt and purple heels) only to keep bantering on her team mate "Meifeng, you have no right to complain, i had everything under control!" Meifeng fired back "Under control? We got into this mess because of you! When will you learn that not everything is about you Elysia?" Elysia kept replying Mefeng with intensity "Uhmm do i remind you that I am a veryimportant person? I have diplomatic immunity as Ambassador of my Country on YOUR city?!" Meifeng heated up replied sarcastically "Well excuse me, Princess! Because of your Royal intermission we ended up humilliated... AGAIN!" then Meifeng started to swear in Chinese at Elysia which made Elysia to be offended "I did not understood anything of what you just said but if you keep saying it i.. i... i will declare you Persona Non Grata on The Majesterian Ambassy!" after this Adaleiz managed to get back up helped by the girl in Brown also back into her respective street clothes, "Alright you two! Knock it off! I hate to say it but she might be right, they took almost everything from us, now she took our hopes with her" The other two girls had a defeated, yet concerned expression on their faces and replied at unison "Adaleiz!" Adaleiz just replied on a very downer tone "It´s just get harder and harder specially after they forced us into wearing these to make use of what was left of our original powers" Adaleiz unbuttoned her denims revealing the waistband of a diaper, the other girls just looked to other sides out of embarrassment, the brown jacket clad girl who tried to remind her team mates their main motivation "Hey, we must keep our hopes, we´re still complete, safe and sound and we made it this far, diapers or not we made a promise to protect those who we love and..." Elysia cut the girl off before she could finish "Speak by yourself Tess!". Adaleiz sighed and somberly ordered "Alright, there´s nothing left to do here, let´s get back

@@ home, i need a break!"

@@Later that night during her sleep, Adaleiz had a dream about her team defeating the Black attired girl and her leader, The Queen however Adaleiz noted another girl dressed in a uniform just like her team only Red/Yellow colored with the wind blowing her short skirt exposing the back of the girl´s diaper, the Mysterious Red Heroine turned her look at Adaleiz, her face was shadowed with only the mouth visible and giving a warm, friendly and heroic smile at Adaleiz, the girl faintly said "Find me! I'm closer than you think!" Adaleiz tried to reach the girl, only for this to fade, "Wait! Come back! We need you!" Adaleiz tried in vain to chase the Girl and in a blink she woke up, still at night and wearing her sleeping gear, Adaleiz prepared some Tea for herself and sat on the terrace of the Majesterian Ambassy, looking at the stars and questioning herself "If you´re closer than we think, then where are you right now?" as she said this a "Shooting Star" passed by which caught Adaleiz attention... "Huh?! Shooting Stars doesn´t happen that way! Could it be? ... Ah, I just might need some rest! It was a long day for all of us..." as Adaleiz was heading back to her room the "Shooting Star" kept it´s course disintegrating itself into a smaller and smaller rock ending up embedded on a fountain of a plaza on the City´s news compund...

@@The Next day on a Apartment Building located just a few blocks away from the Majesterian Ambassy, a 24 year old Young Woman was sleeping on her bed, then the door of her Bedroom was being knocked and a voice from outside the room called up "Fiametta! Wake up! Breakfast's ready! Wash your mouth and come to eat!". Fiametta, still on her bed just mumbled "Mhmh... Mom i don´t wanna go to school today!" Fiametta covered her head with her pillow, Fiametta´s Mom quickly entered the bedroom and took clean socks from the socks drawer and placed it on Fiametta´s feet, then she replied "That´s so cute darling, and don´t worry, you´ve been out of School for more than 6 years, not to mention you graduated as a Journalist just last year!" Fiametta´s Mom took the pillow out of Fiametta´s head and told her "And today is Job Hunting Day darling! Come on, wash your mouth and come to eat with me!" She then kisses Fiametta´s forehead and quickly said before leaving "Love you!" then she heads to the Kitchen while Fiametta still on the bed, managed to smile and hug her pillow to make her react still sleepy, "Love you too Mom!".

@@After a trip to the bathroom, using the toilet, washing her hands and then her mouth, Fiametta gets to the kitchen on her sleeping clothes (a black rock band shirt and red striped panties) which made her Mom sigh and comment, "Fiametta, how many times i told you to wear pants or a longer shirt?" Fiametta replied "Mom, i'm 23, i'm old enough to wear what i want!" after that Fiametta started eating her breakfast, and her Mom to calmly reply "As long as you’re living under my roof young lady, you´re going to follow my rules! Find a Job, then find your own roof and then i´ll respect your rules! Simple as that" Fiametta swallowed her bite and replied childishly "No fair!", Fiametta´s Mom replied with just a giggle and 30 minutes later... "Dear Lord i'm going to be late for my Shift at the Hospital! Fiametta, i'm leaving, Lunch and Dinner is on the Fridge, i might get back home very late, please text me when you´re moving or back home!", Fiametta Replied "Yes Mom!", Fiametta´s Mom also told her "And no matter what happens today, if you don´t succeed at first, there´s always a Tomorrow" She then hugged Fiametta and encouraged her "You´ll find a Job right away Sweetheart! Love you!" Fiametta reciprocates the hug and replies "Love you Too Mom!" And with that Fiametta´s Mom headed to her workplace leaving Fiametta getting ready for her day, with her street clothes on Fiametta went out of her Mom´s Apartment with hopes of getting employed right away, "Alright world, ready or not, here i come!" Fiametta said energetically while taking her Mom´s car to move. "Good thing that The Hospital is just walking down the street!" Fiametta mumbled to herself as she was igniting the engine.

@@Back on the Majesterian Ambassy, in the Private Dining Room, The Girls were having breakfast, and Adaleiz was deep on her thoughts, as she couldn´t stop analyzing and trying to find a meaning to her dream! "Closer than we think!", just on that moment Tess took Adaleiz back to reality, "Earth to Adaleiz! Earth to Adaleiz! Breakfast´s ready!", Adaleiz just gasped while getting back to her senses "Breakfast, y-yeah!". Tess worried asked Adaleiz "You still affected by last night?", Adaleiz replied "No, i... I was venting out some heat on that moment, i'm fine!", Meifeng was eating her breakfast on a rude manner with Elysia looking with disgust "Ugh! Are you a caveman or something?! Watch your Manners! Especially here on a Dining Table!", Meifeng swallowed and then started to talk in chinese at Elysia with Tess cutting her out on a Motherly manner, "Mei, Elysia´s right! Weird, but very Right, We´re on a Embassy after all, we must pay some respect!" which made Elysia reply "Finally, someone with a bit of Common Sense! I commend you Tess!" with Meifeng interrupting her "Then why don´t you tell Princess Loudmouth here to stop sneaking into my room and take my towels?!" Elysia offended replied the accusation "That is a false accusation! Me? Do you have evidence?!" as the trio started to discuss, Adaleiz finished up her breakfast, and told the girls "I'm going out for a walk, Tess tell Meifeng and Elysia to knock it off or else they´ll be late for School i´ll be back later and i´ll call if that Bitch pops up again!", Tess with a nervous face at the incoming brawl between Meifeng and Elysia replied "W-wait what?! Adaleiz... Wait! I can´t control them alone!" Tess turned her face back to Meifeng and Elysia and worried she said "Help!"

@@In a blink, the day has passed quickly as it is Noon, Fiametta so far ended up very unluck and decides to take a quick snack on a Fountain located at the Plaza on the News Compound, almost defeated Fiametta only managed to sigh and then she mumbled to herself "I give up, i can´t find anything in this city!" as Fiametta ended up her snack she stood up to get back to the car and getting back home when a Dark Portal opened up with the Black Attired Girl appearing prompting Fiametta to look in disbelief "What the heck was that?!" as the Mysterious Girl was descending with a simple move of her staff she pulled Fiametta our of her way "Get off you insignificant worm! I came here to pick up something for my Queen!", Fiametta landing on some plastic Tables had very little time to understand the situation. The girl was just a few steps to the Fountain however in that moment someone popped out from the Lobby "Anastasia, Really? Are you looking for some change like a Hobo?" it was Adaleiz on her uniform, Anastasia quickly replied while turning to Adaleiz "I do not understood any word from that lesser mouth of yours! If you appreciate your life and the lives around you then back off!" Adaleiz defiantly summoned her Halberd and due to the amount of Sun light Adaleiz´ Halberd had a very bright color with extra energy, with this boost, Adaleiz quickly stated "You will succeed under my wet Diaper!", Anastasia had a good grip on her staff and rushed to attack Adaleiz starting a fight that left collateral damages on the area, Fiametta still confused Tried to look up for the safest exit possible only to trip and fall into the fountain, entering in contact with the little stone and out of the sudden the heat was increasing, the water of the fountain started to boil and evaporate and a Bright Red energy started to cover Fiametta´s body, "W-what´s going on?! What´s happening to me?!" Fiametta asked in a nervous way. The light caught Anastasia´s attention and then her face changed from taunting to shock upon seeing the stone being activated "No! The Stone! NO! Tha is not yours!", Adaleiz also watched in shock as the red light covered completely Fiametta´s body.

In a flash Fiametta emerged from the light Wearing a Bright Red Uniform with Yellow accents and a bright Yellow short skirt with a visible diaper, prompting Adaleiz to mumble "The girl... The girl from my Dream... She´s... She´s Real!"

Realizing the transformation she underwent Fiametta only asked herself "Why in the World am I wearing this?!", Anastasia, enraged rushed heading to Fiametta´s spot shouting at her "You will get what you deserve for taking what it is not yours!". Adaleiz then came back to her senses to warn Fiametta of Anastasia´s incoming attack "HEY YOU! MOVE OUT OF HER WAY!" followed by a short rush hoping Adaleiz reaches Anastasia before Fiametta gets hurt. Fiametta confused again screamed "WHAT´S GOING ON HERE?!"

To be Continued...

*002*2017-10-11 05:35

{{4 minutes ago, Bellatrix1 said:

This is great so far

}}

Thank you! :D

*003*2017-10-12 08:48

Episode 2 – And then She Realized she was Diapered

@@As Anastasia rushed to attack Fiametta who was just transformed into a Warrior Girl just like Adaleiz, Tess, Meifeng and Elysia quickly arrived on the scene, Adaleiz was chasing Anastasia before she could get her Staff reaching Fiametta, “You´re not going anywhere!” as Adaleiz used her Halberd to catch a piece of Anastasia´s clothing Fiametta started to run away from battle. “This is not happening! This is Not Happening! This is Not Happening!” Fiametta repeated to herself on that moment she crashed with Tess, Meifeng and Elysia. In a angered tone Elysia complained to Fiametta “Hey! You better watch out your own way!”, still confused, Fiametta asked the Girls “Who´s that girl trying to attack me?, Who are you? What the Hell is going on and Why in the world am i wearing a Diaper?!”, The trio were very surprised at Fiametta being in a similar attire to them, Tess then made a short explanation to Fiametta, “Look, there will be time for explanations, for now you must remain with us and if you need to go, then go, but that will cancel your transformation until you get a fresh one!” Fiametta kept asking the indirect questions for Tess “If i need to go? A Fresh one?” then she looked at her diaper and tried to peel the tabs off unsucessfully “Now it makes sense”, While the four girls kept moving, the fight between Anastasia and Adaleiz raged on, Anastasia, now without the stone she was looking for, made a burst attack of Dark energy blasts from her Staff´s tip, Adaleiz blocked the majority hawever the blasts kept coming fortunately Meifeng jumped in and summoned her twin fans to create a small but strong wind attack returning the bursts back to Anastasia, however she blocked herself before the blasts could touch her, offended Anastasia opted to escape and while opening the portal she taunted Adaleiz and her team “You may had luck this time... And that time ends right now!” with a slam of her staff the destroyed ornametal statues mutated into monsters “Take them out! If their stones survive, please hand them over to me!” with those words Anastasia parted on a Dark Portal leaving the girls alone with the monsters, Adaleiz regroupped with her teammates and Fiametta to start leading them in battle. “Mei, Elysia on the front, New Girl Crash course! Use your head and Think of a Weapon of choice!, Tess! With the New Girl! MOVE!” Meifeng, Elysia and Tess in unison replied “Yes!” then Tess took Fiametta´s hand “Come with me!” Fiametta was really having a hard time processing the happenings on top of that she could only think on a Knife she saw leading to the creation of her weapon “A sword?!” Tess upon watching Fiametta´s weapon delightfully commented “Your sword looks perfect! Now we can join the battle!” in a flash Tess summoned her weapon, a Big Mace. Tess then looked at Fiametta and told her “Now we´re gonna show these creeps to not mess around with the Damsel Knights!” Fiametta with akwardness replied “Damsel Knights?”, As the duo was getting ready 3 monsters were already jumping in to attack with Tess recieving them with blows of her Mace, Meifeng did more gusts of wind with her fans, Elysia summoned her spear impaling and electrocuting the monsters attacking her with a prompted comment from her “How dare you to attack the Royalty of Majesteria?! How Rude!” Fiametta was impressed with theses girls, pulling a fight with amazing acrobatic moves and all of them wearing diapers, Her impression was only interrupted by Adaleiz with another command “HEY! Cover your Eyes NOW!” all of the girls followed suit and Adaleiz charged her Halberd with enough sunlight to unleash a very bright and blinding flare upon contact with the floor, the light was bright enough to disintegrate the remaining monsters made of dark energy, the girls remained as the only ones on location . With the shock of the battle Fiametta ended up speechless, Adaleiz placed her hand on Fiametta´s shoulder to calm her down “You may have a lot of questions right now, we can adress them, you have

@@ to come with us!” However a surviving, yet, critically damaged monster rushed for a desperate attack to Adaleiz, Fiametta firmly held her sword and shouted at Adaleiz “DODGE!” with Adaleiz surprised while moving Fiametta made a Fire Slash to cut the monster in half destroying it in a fire, Fiametta then fell onto her knees blushing as her uniform was getting back to normal with an added “detail”, a puff on her jeans. Tess jokingly commented while helping Fiametta getting back up “I know what that face means! Come with us, we have something for you to change”, Fiametta blushing red managed to reply "Ch-change?" Fiametta noticed that her clothes changed back to the attire she was wearing before the attack then realized "Wait! My, my Mom´s car! I can´t leave it here!". The other girls were reverting back to normal clothes with Elysia commenting "This is the problem with these Locals! They´re all Stubborn! I´ll make one of my Diplomatic Employees to pick up your car!", Tess was eager to shoot Elysia down "Elysia! Watch your mouth please!" to which Elysia fired back "Diplomatic Immunity!" a frustrated Tess groans as she heads to the exit, Meifeng and Elysia followed Leaving Fiametta and Adaleiz behind, Fiametta was having a real hard time trying to understand what just happened then Adaleiz took Fiametta´s hand and looked at her face "Look, your world has changed beyond your expectations, just let us explain, and be warned, the Stone Bonded with you, there´s no way aside from Death to sever that bond!". The girls entered up on a Black SUV with Majesterian Flags on the front indicating the Diplomatic usage of this, Fiametta was surprised that there wasn´t a Royal Driver, Tess took the Driver´s seat which made Meifeng buckle her seat belt quickly and commenting "Tess, remember, we´re not on a Rally course!" Tess replied "Mei, don´t you like my short cuts?" while Meifeng and Tess were bickering, Fiametta was still deep on her thoughts, "Ok, these girls are weird, im not into cosplays anymore but battling creeps?! On top of that why that girl in silver looked at me that way?! Am i some sort of Chosen one? Do i have a disturbing creature on my tongue? UGH! Mom´s gonna be worried if i don´t call her back!", Adaleiz just closed her eyes and also went deep on her thoughts "We were lucky that the Red Stone appeared, i knew Shooting stars didn´t worked that way, now we have to train this new girl... I have a feeling that she might turn the tide on our favor"

@@30 minutes later the Girls are Greeted by the diplomatic staff of the Embassy as they headed Elysia´s bedroom, once there one by one started to take off their lower body gear in front of Fiametta her reaction was full of surprise but she wouldn´t be prepared for what was going to happen next... "D-D-Diapers?! All of you wearing diapers?" Fiametta questioned, Tess quickly smiled nervously replying "It's a long story!" as Tess was about to explain, Adaleiz interrupted "I´ll tell her Tess, Long time ago there was a huge Battle for the Control of the Elemental Stones, the Stones were protected by different knights in many worlds, however in the last world before Earth, similar to ours in many aspects, the Queen singlehandledly defeated the previous knights one by one collecting their stones, on the final battle, the final Damsel Knight had a chance and sacrificed herself to send the stones to our world choosing new Damsels to protect them, picking up us to protect them, on our first encounter with the Queen, we proved to be very effective however we didn´t counted the Queen would come heavily assisted after losing her streak, she recruited the Princess of the Tricksters who not only fooled us into a trap but also took some of our improved powers leaving us still capable of fight yet our powers were very diminished to add more to the humilation she cursed the stones adding a "Childish" element by losing some of our bladder control and connecting it to how our powers work, if we wet ourselves in battle our Knight Mode is disabled", as Adaleiz finished the story Fiametta pulled down her jeans noticing that the Diaper she got upon her transformation remained yet it was poorly covered with her red striped panties on top of that Fiametta´s diaper had a light shade of yellow on the crotch area, "No way! It can´t be!" then Meifeng commented with a smirk "Welcome to the Crew!" Fiametta, offended requested "Where´s the nearest bathroom?" Elysia told her where it was with a warning "Don´t try to go without a diaper!" then she embarrassingly blushed "I tried and i failed..." Meifeng just giggled on Elysia´s misfortune only to be reprimanded by Tess, Fiametta worried told the girls "Look, i can´t go back home with a diaper! My Mom would go nuts! How do i explain this to her without calling a therapist?!" Adaleiz then brings up a package "Lucky for you that at least while not in Knight forms we can use alternatives to Diapers, sadly now that you bonded with your Fire Stone, there´s no other way, Diapers or Diapers, choice is yours", Fiametta had no choice she took the disposable underwear package and headed up to the bathroom so she could change her diaper.

@@On a pocket dimension Anastasia returned however not as victorious as she commonly returns, "This is inacceptable! Those pesky Damsel Babies are a complete nuisance to the plans! I hope my Queen doesn´t find out that..." On that Anastasia was interrupted by a contact from her mirror... A bluish flame with Red Piercing eyes talked to her "Find out that the Knights now have a New Member among them?! If it is that... Do not Bother... I already know!", Anastasia in shock tried to excuse herself "M-my Queen! What a... Pleasant surprise!" The Queen then started to reprimand Anastasia for her incomptence "Anastasia, I am beggining to lose faith on you!" Anastasia quickly defended herself "My Queen, I have been very dilligent with you! I do as much as possible to take those Knights out of our path!" The Queen replied "Let me remind you Anastasia that your mission was to retrieve the stones and dispose of anyone, yet you managed to find the stones and letting a pesky girl to bond with it... That IS unacceptable!" Anastasia, nervous made one last plea "But, My Queen! Next time i will bring all of the stones for you!" The Queen made her veredict "I expect so! However due to your record of Incompetence you leave me no choice than summoning "Extra Help" to achieve our Goal" in a flash the Queen cut off the call and two more Young Ladies emerged from the Dark portals, one of the Young Ladies cheerfully hugged Anastasia much to her annoyance leaving only to think " They are completely wrong If they think i will spare them once i get the Stones to Dethrone the Queen"

@@Back on the Embassy, Fiametta went out of the bathroom now wearing a pair of the disposable underwear, she put her panties on her purse and the rest of the Disposable Underwear pack next to it, her face was a bit stressed about her new situation however Adaleiz came in with Fiametta´s jeans "looking for something?" Adaleiz handed over the Jeans back to Fiametta which she fitted right away, "Thanks! Ah... I think i might not get usted to this!" Fiametta expressed her doubts to which Adaleiz commented "It´s normal, at least it´s something resembling actual underwear keeping your dignity somewhat intact, I'm Adaleiz, Adaleiz Solberg by the way, with all this crazy stuff happening we forgot about introductions!" (Adaleiz Solberg – 20 Yrs Old/ Engineering Undergrad) Fiametta looked at Adaleiz "I-I'm Fiametta! Nice to meet you!" Adaleiz place her hand on Fiametta´s shoulder again and replied" Fiametta, quite fitting for the Fire Stone! Come! The other girls wants to introduce themselves! You´re now on the "Trust Circle!" Fiametta giggled as the walked in the living section of Elysia´s Room, Adaleiz kept touring Fiametta "As you noticed this is the Majesterian Ambassy, that´s because Elysia is the Princess of the Kingdom of Majesteria and she´s both an Exchange student and Ambassador to her country here" Elysia made a small arrogant giggle and replied "Please Stop! You are making me Blush with those compliments!" (Elysia Toov – 17 Yrs Old/ Exchange Student/ Princess of the Kingdom of Majesteria) Adaleiz then shifted towards Tess "This is our "Team Mom" and the Muscle of the team, Tess" Tess stood up "Tess Colton! At your service!" (Tess Colton – 19 yrs Old/ Management Student) Tess added "It's always good to have more hands on our small Ranch!", finally Adaleiz shited towards Meifeng who was playing videogames, Tess reprimanded Meifeng "Mei! Don´t be rude! Introduce yourself with our new teammate!" Meifeng annoyed paused her game and stood up "Ok, Ok, Nǐ hǎo! My name is Yang Meifeng! It is a pleasure to meet you!” ( 杨美峰 – Yang Meifeng – 17 yrs Old/ Student/ Delivery Girl), Tess then added “See? That´s better!” then she whispers to Fiametta “She´s completely tomboyish most of the times, hence why she´s rude” Meifeng didn´t bothered Tess whispering and sit back to resume her game. Adaleiz kept talking to Fiametta “See? Despite we´re on a very delicate situation with being bound to wear diapers, we keep mostly a normal life outside battle... So, are you introducing yourself to the rest of the class?” Fiametta now calmed down made a warm smile and introduced herself “Nice to meet you all! I'm Fiametta Gabrielli It'll be a Honor... Fighting alongside you? Yeah, i might need time to get used to this” (Fiametta Gabrielli – 23 Yrs Old/ Journalist). With Introductions made Fiametta quickly remembered she had to call her mother “She´s gonna kill me if i don´t call her, it´s been hours! I´ll be back!” with that said Fiametta quickly rushed back to the bathroom to have some privacy while talking to her Mother, Adaleiz just looked with a stern look and whispered “Fiametta you are our last hope!”...

In the Bathroom after calling her Mother, Fiametta Pulled down her jeans again to have another look to her new underwear ... then she thought “I'm really gonna take some time to get used to this... Oddly enough... This really seems so familiar to me...”

To Be Continued...

*005*2017-10-14 06:44

{{On 12/10/2017 at 11:40 AM, Melificentfan said:

That was a excellent chapter can't wait to read more

}}

Thank you for your Support! Here´s Episode 3!

Episode 3 – We were Rookies at some point

@@In the Pocket Dimension, Anastasia was cutting off the hug of the just arrived girls much to the Girl´s dismay "-hmph!- Aiko how many times i have to tell you? I am NOT a Hug person!" Anastasia was very clear on her words to which Aiko replied "But you are my favourite person in the whole universe!" (Aiko – Age Unknown/ Trickster Princess) Anastasia was very curious about Aiko´s current form "Are you on a Crisis? Why would you look Younger?" to which Aiko replied "Big surprises comes in small packages!" Anastasia surprised asked Aiko "What do you mean with that?" Aiko then started to tell her story "I have been very busy creating a lot of mayhem ranging from innocent tricks to full blown chaos" Anastasia disturbed, looked at Aiko´s youthful and seemingly innocent face while sensing an aura of Suffering, Calamities and Death surrounding her, Aiko broke the ice again by hugging Anastasia... Again "And now i'm working again with my favourite person EVER!" Anastasia´s annoyance grew a bit then the other young Lady took off her cloak revealing a very athletic and muscular, yet feminine shape "Too much love, Ugh, Where is a War when you need it the most?", Anastasia still hugged by Aiko simply replied "Nice to see you again Amaya..." Amaya quickly commented on Anastasia´s servants "Is this your Army? Pathetic!" (Amaya – Age Unknown/ War Lady) Amaya summoned her Hammer to blunt several of Anastasia´s servants creating unnecessary chaos then she gloated "Now THIS is how things should be! By the look of it, you do not know how things are done!", Anastasia summoned her staff and pointed it out to Amaya "How dare you to come into my terrains and disrespect it?" Anastasia asked with rage to which Amaya just shrugged off replying "I did not came here on my will, it was Our Queen´s will that brought me here! And if i remember correctly i came here to put you back on the right path as your recent failures got Our Queen´s Attention and she does not Like to be left as a complete Failure! You understood this?" Anastasia frustrated replied "I.. I understood... Sire!" A smile then appeared on Amaya´s face as ste petted Anastasia´s head "Good girl!" Anastasia then commanded her servants to lead the Girls to their dorms Aiko let go Anastasia and both girls followed the servants, Anastasia was frustrated thinking "I cannot believe i was just humilliated I am The Next in the Sucession Line to the Dark Crown, I cannot let anyone including that orc of a War Lady to treat me like an infant!"

@@In the Majesterian Embassy, Fiametta finished talking with her Mother over the phone and took off her jeans again to have another look at her new underwear, Fiametta is still uneasy with the idea of her being empowered with amazing powers at the cost of her bladder control, her head was like a revolving door on how she would explain this situation to her Mother, then there were three knocks to the door from Adaleiz "Fiametta? Is everything ok?" Fiametta all nervous rushed to pull back up her jeans, the stress of being cut down short on something private plus her new situation and a Latte while Job Hunting took a toll on the now weakened bladder of the nervous Fiametta, on top of that Fiametta forgot to lock the door knob and without any answer form inside Adaleiz had no choice "Fiametta, is everything ok? I'm coming in!" Fiametta managed to pull back up her jeans however by the moment Adaleiz entered the Bathroom Fiametta couldn't zip up and button up her jeans on time, now with a embarrassed expression on her face Fiametta realized that there was a warm feeling on her crotch, Adaleiz just looked at Fiametta and gave a cute smile then she commented "I´ve seen expressions like the one you´re showing!" Fiametta zipped and before she could button up, Adaleiz took another pair of the disposable underwear and asked Fiametta if she could pull down her pants again, Fiametta nodded with her face still blushing and then Adaleiz noted the yellow spot then suggested "Fiametta you´ll have to watch out for any drinks you take from now on!" Fiametta was only thinking "This is embarrassing! I... Did i just.. peed myself out of shame?!" Adaleiz was removing Fiametta´s wet panty to dispose of it then, as she was cleaning Fiametta´s privates she tried to comfort Fiametta "Look, don´t think you´re the first one to get this, we got this as well when we were inducted into being Damsel Knights, just like you we were rookies at some point!" Fiametta now changed her face from embarrassment to curiosity and then asked "Then what´s your story, how did you get involved into this?" Adaleiz handed over the fresh disposable panties to Fiametta who then fitted herself right away then still on her panties Fiametta sat down on the floor next to Adaleiz who was just remembering the day she became a Damsel Knight. "It was two years ago on a summer camp..."

Two Years Ago...

@@"Alright kids, I'm the Leader of the Fireflies Team! You can Call me Counselor Adaleiz!" (Adaleiz Solberg – 18 yrs Old /Engineering Freshman- Summer Camp Counselor) -"I spent that summer working hard as things weren´t easy back then, the kids back then were just funny, they got me into lots of troubles and also got me into heartwarming moments, they were my motivation and we were just fine until the night that my life changed..."- Adaleiz was dropping the water on the campfire to turn it off "Alright kids, lights off! Everyone to the sleeping bags!" -We spent that night outside as there was a possible Meteor Shower that night, but obviously, it didn´t happened... Well, not in the way we were expecting"- Around 3 AM a mysterious goldish rock was entering the atmosphere and it was disintegrating into a smaller rock and embedded into a rock on the ground near the campfire ashes then a Dark Portal opened with Anastasia emerging. -"That was my first encounter with Anastasia, a powerful Dark Sorceress, Heir of the Queen´s Crown, A.K.A. The girl from the plaza!" Fiametta limited to say "That girl?"- "Anastasia sensed the Stone of Light and started to attack right away, that made everyone to wake up and chaos ensued, my fellow Counselors helped me to take the kids to safety however Anastasia held me captive for interrogations, I managed to get out of her grip... I tripped and then... The Stone was reacting, it was calling me, Anastasia desperate to claim it rushed her attacks on me, however i could manage to evade them to seize the stone, As I transformed into a Knight the raw power of the fiery transformation was more than enough to not only cause Anastasia to retreat but also make daylight even if it was still night"- "Wh-what just..." Adaleiz was in a complete shock upon watching her Knight Uniform and materialized her weapon as a proof of a complete bond with the stone...

Present Day

@@"I spent then next months sensing the remaining Stones each of them leading me to the other girls, since then we spent moments toghether despite the issues within us... And we also got moments where we screwed up everything with our lack of experience. It´s part of the Learning Curve..." As Adaleiz finished her story Fiametta remained very thoughtful, Adaleiz extended her hand to help Fiametta to stand up, Fiametta then commented "I still can´t believe i went out for job hunting and i ended up finding you all instead!" Adaleiz opened up the bathroom´s door "Do you need more "Me Time"?" Fiametta picked up her pants and decided to not fit them back causing Adaleiz to ask "Aren't you wearing your jeans?" Fiametta replied "I... I want to get used to my new underwear in front of you to calm myself, i still have to deal with keeping this secret from my mother" Adaleiz smiled again "You´re overthinking this a lot, everything´s going to be fine!" out of the sudden Tess got there aggitated "Hey! We´ve got a stampede downtown! We have to go!". In Downtown, Amaya was creating mayhem fighting several Police Officers, destroying Police Units and overall collateral damage "Heh! You call youselves "Guards"?! This is just Bad Comedy!" Amaya picked up a Police Van and threw it away in direction of two Officers down, in the nick of time Tess threw her Mace stopping the van, standing and giving the back to the officers, the shockwave of Tess´ Mace stopping the Van made enough wind to blow Tess´ Skirt revealing her diaper, Tess told them "We can control her, please put yourselves to safety!" the officers took the moment to escape safely. Amaya was very surprised "Well, well, what we got here?" as the rest of the Knights arrived Amaya quickly noticed their visible diapers "Oh, i get it, you are the Infamous "Damsel Babies" Yeah, the diapers confirms that!" - Amaya started laughing "Anastasia, are these the Girls that are giving you headaches?! I thought you were pathetic but i did not realized how pathetic you are for getting outsmarted by these Girls!" Tess, offended replied "And you´re just nothing more than a Donkey, you don´t even qualify for Rodeo Clown!", upon hearing that last bit Amaya twitched her eye "What did you just said?!" Adaleiz quickly whispered "Fiametta, stay with me! You´re on training! Elysia, Mei you know what to do!" the three girls moved on to their positions while Tess was firing back at Amaya "We know what i said! And this "Baby" will teach you some manners!". Amaya enraged summoned her Hammer while Tess called her Mace back and both girls clashed their weapons creating a shockwave, as the shockwave ended, Adaleiz, Fiametta, Meifeng and Elysia surrounded Amaya, she just smiled and comented "Five on One? I do not care how many of you are, I am more than enough to take you all down!", Amaya slammed her Hammer on the street creating a small tremor, the Damsel Knights just jumped out to safety only to attack on their landing with Tess leading the charge to stall Amaya, Meifeng used her Twin Fans to create a small whirlwind, Meifeng quickly warned Adaleiz "Adaleiz, Elysia! Your Turn!" as Adaleiz and Elysia used their respective weapons to knock Amaya off balance it left Fiametta with her sword and a chance for her... In the Pocket Dimension Anastasia still annoyed at Amaya´s taunts was actually enjoying in silence Amaya´s humilliation, Aiko noted this and commented "Are you enjoying your plan in execution or the fact that Amaya is getting beaten up by Diapered Girls?" Anastasia limited herself to reply "Shush!". Back on the scene, Fiametta had her chance to attack a wide open Amaya, however Adaleiz noted Fiametta´s intentions and screamed "FIAMETTA! NO! DON´T ATTACK! YOU´RE NOT READY!" however Adaleiz´ warnings fell into deaf ears and Fiametta recklessly used her Fire Slash attack on the seemingly wide open Amaya, Amaya regained the balance, grabbed Elysia´s Spear and Adaleiz´ Halberd and gloated "Do NOT dare to challenge a War Lady!" then Amaya shaked the Spear and the Halberd sending Elysia towards

@@Meifeng crashing and thus cancelling the Whirlwind meanwhile Adaleiz was sent towards Fiametta crashing leaving Tess all alone, Amaya was quick to reach Tess Face to face, their heights are notorious as Tess is the Tallest girl on the Knights yet Amaya is even taller than Tess, Amaya grabbed Tess´ neck and started to choke her, As Tess was struggling to breathe, Amaya taunted Tess again " Now repeat what you just said before! I DARE YOU!", Tess was desperate as she was running out of oxygen, The Other Knight were regrouping however Amaya had an idea, Tess lost consciousness and immediately started wetting herself, while this was happening Amaya shouted "HEY YOU! HERE IS YOUR GARBAGE!" and then Amaya threw the unconscious Tess towards the other Knights crashing, Amaya turned her back and adressed the Damsel Knights "Consider that a Message from our Queen, her Mercy is what let you live today, She will not be as Merciful as she was today!" then Amaya looked to the Sky "And this goes for you as well Anastasia! You are still here because of our Queen and her Mercy... Let me remind you that everything has a limit... Even Mercy has a limit!", In the Pocket Dimension Anastasia was more than enraged with Amaya´s message, Aiko limited herself to enjoy Anastasia´s misfortune.

@@Amaya left on a Dark Portal and after that The Knights regained consciousness except for Tess who was still knocked out cold, they hardly got back to the Embassy where they took Tess to the medical section. Adaleiz emerged from the room. "Tess is going to be fine, she just need regain some air, in her own words if she gets knocked down from the Bull, she´ll be riding it back, Are you all ok? Meifeng and Elysia just nodded with Elysia complaining "This was just horrible! I can´t be treated like this!" with Meifeng replying "Get over with! We had luck she let us live!" then Elysia fired back "Excuse me?! We had her disgusting face locked on! The New Girl screwed it!" Meifeng then replied "Heh! Typical of the Royals to put the blame on the others!" as Meifeng and Elysia kept bickering Adaleiz wanted to talk with Fiametta in private "Fiametta... We have to talk!", Fiametta was once again uneasy... Moments Later Adaleiz wanted to adress what happened earlier "Fiametta, it´s obvious you are part of the Damsel Knights, and you aren´t properly trained, it was my responsability to have taken you in battle, Also... Were you aware that i gave you an order?" Fiametta only said "I... Uh... Yes, I heard you telling me my orders" Adaleiz told then "It is rude to do something recklessly!, your decision landed us a defeat, we were lucky we didn´t had our Stones forcibly removed as it wasn´t the main goal of that "War Lady", Tess had luck that she only had minor injuries, lack of oxygen and a soaked diaper, it could have been worse!" Fiametta moved her eyes down "I-i'm sorry, i didn´t wanted to put you on danger!" Adaleiz just looked at Fiametta and hugged her "I know you have good intentions, you just need to start training for this! I´m still giving you a penalty for disobeying my commands, but that will be later". Two hours later Tess woke up wearing a thick diaper with a cartoonish navy theme, "Sorry for making you hold your breath for me! That girl really knows how to punch someone out cold!" Tess was being recieved with a big smile and a Hug "It´ll take more than a single stampede to take this cowgirl down!" commented Tess to which Fiametta added "Please Tess forgive me! It wasn´t my intention to put you on a big trouble!", Tess replied "It´s ok Lil´Cacti, Roughness runs wild and free in the Colton family!" Fiametta just blushed and thought "She called me "Lil´", Tess wrapped up saying "I guess that blush means that you´re thinking "Apologies Accepted!" then Tess laughed .

@@The day passed quickly and Fiametta had to return home. "I´m sorry if it wasn´t the day you expected to be but i´m really glad that you decided to stay with us!" commented Adaleiz, Fiametta replied inside her Mother´s car with her window open, I´ll do my best to train so i can work like you! For now i have to go back home otherwise my Mom will be worried!" on that Elysia appeared "HEY YOU!", Fiametta looked at Elysia very intimidated, Elysia adressed Fiametta "Take this!" Elysia was holding a Press Pass in her hand "I've found by accident a Job application online about you, I wouldn´t mind if i have a Journalist to handle the Ambassy´s Blog!" Fiametta was surprised, after a very confuse and disasterous day she found a Job, Elysia was getting upset "Hey! This offer won' t last long! It´s your call!" Then Fiametta was eager to reply "I-I accept it!" Elysia handed over the pass to Fiametta with a Warning "You better be here before 7 AM! The Ambassy will be your new Workplace!" Adaleiz was just watching with delight and a bit of surprise, Elysia normally wouldn´t react that way then looked at Fiametta again, "Your training will begin shortly after your introduction to your Workplace! For now i can´t let you join another battle until you have the basic training!" Fiametta looked a bit disappointed yet determined, "Right! I´ll do my best to clear the training!" Adaleiz replied "Prove it to me!" then smiled "Good night Fiametta!" and with this Fiametta bid farewell for the night and headed back home where her Mother was just arriving as well... "Hey Mom! Guess what?" Fiametta´s mother with a smile on her face replied "By the look of that smile i think you´ve found yourself a Job! Am i right?" Fiametta replied with a nod while showing her Press Pass "I´ll be working on the Majesterian Embassy to work on their Official Blog, Fiametta´s Mother quickly hugged her, Later on after the defrosted dinner, it was some spare time and finally bed time, "Good night Mom!" Fiametta said before entering her bedroom, Fiametta felt like a complete different person she was in the morning as she was still processing the event of her day, normally she would fall into sleep with no problems, that night Fiametta realized she was wearing a diaper-like panty to sleep, yet she was sure that she would sort it out with her new found friends that are on the same situation as she was, Fiametta´s overthinking cause her to remain awake and use the toilet whenever she needed until near 4:00 AM Fiametta finally calmed down and fell asleep...

To be Continued...

*007*2017-10-22 09:09

First of all, thanks for the support, sorry for the delay as personal things (Good things) were happening. This is a bit of Breather episode, Enjoy!

Episode 4 – Any Ordinary Day

@@Fiametta had a long night, she could hardly have some sleep, her weakened bladder just made the things even more difficult, it was 6:00 in the morning and still groggy she went to her bathroom to brush her teeth, in just a blink she ended up on a seemingly normal trip with her Mother, Fiametta was equally relaxed and confused at the same time, she tried to talk but she couldn´t hear anything, her Mom was talking judging by her moving lips and then she pulled over the car near the sidewalk space, she took her purse and walked to where Fiametta was, Fiametta´s Mom opened the back seat door to let Fiametta step out, then she took her hand to enter what was a Seemingly normal Majesterian Embassy, Fiametta was really suspecting something was off but she couldn´t figure it yet until they reached Elysia´s Room, when Fiametta´s Mom opened up the door there were the other Damsel Knights mixed up with people Fiametta met while she was in College, all of them with Diapers of all kinds exposed and playing joyfully even Elysia and Meifeng who usually aren´t very friendly to each other, there were toys scattered all over the place and a Nursery vibe, Fiametta´s started to aggitate, she looked at her Mother who gave her a creepy smile then two Women appeared from the back, it was Amaya and Anastasia both of them smiling with such evil, things were turning dark and very nightmarish with Fiametta being picked up by a giant nightmarish version of her Mother who told her in a very loud and clear way "I know your secret Fiametta!" Fiametta was in shock questioning herself "H-how did she knew about it?" then Fiametta´s Mother took her and handed over to Anastasia much to Fiametta´s horror, extending her arms to reach her Mother again however in vain, Anastasia was holding Fiametta like a Baby and then she repeated "I know your secret!" and then everybody was repeating the same message in a unison "I know your secret!" Fiametta was so shocked she noticed her Diaper was growing and growing as she was wetting herself out of fear like she did before, out of a scare Fiametta woke up back in her room, 5:59 AM on her Radio/ Clock, Fiametta sighed "That was a creepy dream" Fiametta was quick to realize she wet herself during her nightmare, she was completely shocked out of it, Last time that Fiametta wet herself during her sleep was when she was 9 years old, she grabbed her crotch and tried to hold her tears, she shed some tears to later realize and remember that her Mother would calm her down, however, as Fiametta was heading up her bathroom the big question was haunting Fiametta´s mind "How can i tell Mom i'm wearing diapers again?" she kept asking herself during her shower, fortunately while disposing her diaper-like Panty she had some relief that her Mother at least respects her privacy, yet, she now had to take extra measures to keep the secret away from her for a moment. By 6:30 AM Fiametta was already dressed for her first day working at the Majesterian Embassy, with extra relief that her diaper panty doesn´t crinkle that loud and could raise some suspicions from her Mom. "I´m so proud of you landing your first job Sweetheart!" said Fiametta´s Mom while serving breakfast, Fiametta, still stressed about her nightmare changed her face to her usual happy one and replied "It's like it came from the Heavens! I was so excited during the night i barely had some sleep!", Fiametta never felt so bad to lying her Mother that way...

@@Meanwhile at the Majesterian Embassy, Adaleiz was already up since 5:00 AM training herself with morning excercises all the way until it was 6:00 AM, as Adaleiz was walking out to take a shower, Tess was getting both Elysia and Meifeng up to have breakfast before school not without a good fight "We can do this the easy way, come with me and have a peaceful breakfast or face the rage of an upset Colton! Your call!" Tess knew she still wasn´t 100% recovered from her first encounter with Amaya, with Elysia and Meifeng bickering each other again, Tess was frustrated "I can´t believe this happens every single day since we´ve met!" Adaleiz petted Tess´ shoulder "They´re still young, they need someone stern, and that person is you Tess! You need to rest more, are you fully recovered? The War Lady really gave you a run for your money!" Tess replied with a smile on her face "I´m fine Adaleiz! Like i said last night, Roughness runs wild on our veins, Colton Veins!" Adaleiz wasn´t 100% convinced "You know what, I´ll take Elysia and Mei to school, you´re going back to bed! And it´s a direct order!" Tess just pouted "But i don´t like to stay in bed for so long!" Adaleiz then replied "Tess, as your leader is one of my obligations to take care of my team" Tess was a bit upset but she got Adaleiz´ point then she warned Adaleiz "If you´re getting a shower, please be quick, i don´t want the girls to be late for School!" Adaleiz just smiled again and ended the conversation with "Will do! Now go head back to bed!" Adaleiz then made a athletic slap to Tess´ diaper which made her a small blush with a "Stop it!" and a giggle from Tess also prompted to warn like a worried Mom "Hey! Don´t forget to check her School bags! Elysia keeps hiding her phone and uses it when she´s not allowed to and Meifeng is bluffing about some Brass Knuckles! And! And! Also check if they have Spare pull ups for the day!" Adaleiz comforted Tess with a joke "Yes Mom! Will do!"

@@On the Pocket Dimension Anastasia barely had some sleep only to be recieved by Amaya who was using some of Anastasia´s servants as Punching dummies, Anastasia not caring about her servants, asked Amaya "Don´t you know the meaning of Sleeping?" Amaya quicly fired back "I sleep for two hours and only twqo hours, i spent the rest keeping myself in peak optimal condition... So i can finish her off" Amaya was actually impressed with Tess´ strength but she was too proud to admit that a Diapered Human could almost match a War Lady´s strength. Amaya was so focused on Tess that she finished off the unlucky Servant with a deadly blow, Anastasia wasn´t very impressed and was quick to ask "Have you seen Aiko? I cannot find her?" Amaya for the first time was on the same page with Anastasia "Now that you asked... I have not seen her either, where ever she is right now, it might be full of chaos or she just playing Hide and Seek". On that moment, The Queen pays a call "My Daughters! Please Report!" Anastasia and Amaya made a reverence to the Queen followed by the remaining servants, Anastasia stepped up "My Queen, We are honoured by your call!" The Queen cut short Anastasia "If you are done with your nonsensical flattering Anastasia, i want to know about Amaya. It is said that you made quite an impression with these... Humans, am I right?" As the Queen asked, Amaya replied, "Pathetic weaklings pieces of scum, All of them! They might serve as our pets once we get those Babies off our way!" The Queen was impressed with Amaya´s report "I am trusting you Amaya alongside Aiko to make this mission to succeed!" Anastasia quickly asked "My Queen, Aiko has not been seen since the Dawn, do you have any idea where is she?", The Queen was cold with Anastasia "Aiko is on a place that is not your concern Anastasia!", Visibly offended, Anastasia limited herself to a begrudgingly response "Yes my Queen!"

Adaleiz as she told Tess, was driving to drop Elysia and Meifeng at School, "Ok, girls, this is your stop!" with Elysia complaining about Tess´ absence "This is not the same without Tess..." Meifeng discerned "This was the most quiet drive i've been! And i didn´t even need a change after jumping out of the car... Unlike Tess driving!", Adaleiz turned a bit to them to remind them "Girls, Tess is still recovering from the fight from yesterday, i've never seen someone stronger than us aside for The Queen, so please try to be more close to each other and not fight between each other! Now head to your classroom! I´ll pick you up later! If there´s an alarm I´ll take Fiametta with me!" Both girls complained with Elysia questioning "But it is an emergency? What we were supposed to do?" A question Adaleiz quickly replied "You two stay at school and calmed! No powers!" Elysia pouted out of protest "Don´t pout on me Young Lady! Come on! To the classroom!"

At the Embassy, Tess was on her bedroom sleeping as Adaleiz requested her, Tess was sleeping with just her pajama shirt and her thick AB Diaper as they´re comfy, and Fiametta was just arriving for her first day working as a Journalist for the Embassy´s blog, Fiametta was trying to be more excited as she sit up on a room that Elysia made available for her to work "Alright! First day! This is something i was expecting to do! Showtime!" Fiametta then spent her day writing, editing and posting information on the Blog, keeping her mind busy was her way to not think about being diapered, as she was typing, a comfortable smile was appearing on her face.

@@At School Elysia and Meifeng were with their respective groups on the same Classroom, their Teacher started the day with an announcement. "Girls please, Pay Attention! Today we´re recieving a new student from overseas" The Teacher turn her sights to the new girl and asked her "Do you wish to introduce yourself?", Elysia and Meifeng from their desks as they sensed something off, the New Girl entered the classroom and introduced herself with a soft voice "Hello! I am Aiko Ella Braaten , Im 15, a Child Prodigy, Despite my Japanese Heritage I was Born and raised in Europe, My Family is Known for Founding the Braaten Games Company, When i turn 21 i will become the next CEO of the company!" Aiko used her trickster abilities to warp the memories of the other students and the Teacher with obvious exception of Elysia and Meifeng with their respective stones protecting them, Elysia defying Adaleiz and Tess orders texted Meifeng discreetly "Did you felt that?", Meifeng replied "Yeah! But i can´t pinpoint the source! We're getting blind!", Elysia wrapped up "We are going to wait until Lunch so we can talk privately. Something is really off here!". As the morning passed Elysia and Meifeng kept an eye on Aiko as she excelled in Math, Chemestry, Literature and Sports.

Finally at Lunch Elysia and Meifeng were about to eat what Tess prepared for them, as they were eating they were discussing about Aiko "This girl is hiding something! No one can excel on many things like that!" Elysia remarked "The New Girl Aiko.. she´s just bluffing but at least we´re on the same page about something not right with her!" Meifeng replied to which Elysia replied "I hate to admit, but this time i am agree with you!".

On The Pocket Dimension Anastasia was losing her patience because Aiko was nowhere to be seen, Amaya stepped in to tell "Whatever the Hell Aiko is doing... Might be full of chaos and conquer! Speaking of... I want some battle with those Damsel Babies! Specifically with that one that calls herself... Tess..." Anastasia replied with frustration "A bit of mayhem would be fine, at least that would lift my mood" but before tagging along Amaya stopped Anastasia "Wait, Under my Queen´s orders, You will have to stay here!" Anastasia on a outrage replied "Bu-But it can not be... I AM the next on the Crown lineage!" Amaya limited herself to reply "My Queen ordered me to keep you here... For your safety!" Anastasia pouted and took seat on her sofa as she saw Amaya opening up a Dark portal to a Dark Alley on the street, Amaya used a crystal that Aiko gave her and in a flash her Battle Gear changed to a Tomboyish Girl Attire...

Amaya´s Flashback

@@"In order to make sure that my Bumbling Daughter Anastasia ruins this plan, you two must go to Planet Earth where the Elemental Stones were last seen and lost by Anastasia, Keep her on the Pocket Dimension, Her mission now befalls on your Hands" Ordered The Queen to Amaya and Aiko, both girls replied and made a Salute gesture to The Queen "Yes my Beloved Queen!", before departing Earth, Amaya stepped in on her favourite Tavern having a Drink before departing, she was expecting someone "So it was true right?" A mysterious girl talked to Amaya to which Amaya replied looking at her drink "Yes, it is true... I am leaving in just a few hours and that is why i wanted to see you Victoria" Victoria took seat on the same table as Amaya and asked her "Do you think this will get you a clue to find your Sister?", Amaya didn´t replied, her face looked unusually sad and emotive she then replied looking at Victoria "I am 100% right that this will get me close to my sister! I am very confident about it!" Victoria kept smiling at Amaya "you have not really changed at all since our days at the Games, you will find her someday! Until then..." Victoria stepped up and kissed Amaya on her forehead to then saying before leaving "I will wait for both of you but do not expect me to stay awake! Take care My Champion!"

Present Day

Amaya kept walking undercover until she found a place to start her attack...

@@In the Majesterian Embassy Fiametta finished her duties for the day, "That was exciting! I think i was only overthinking this! I´m going to take a break!" Fiametta then headed to Elysia´s Room to find out Adaleiz with her top and a plain white diaper on and Tess with her fave shirt and a different diaper. Fiametta was glad to see them and so were the Girls "Hey Fiametta! Welcome back!" Tess said on a happy tone, Fiametta replied "Hey Adaleiz! Hey Tess! By the way, Tess, are your minor injuries better now?" Tess nodded to reply, Adaleiz smirked at Fiametta "Fiametta, did you finished your duties for the Day?" Fiametta nodded "I´m just taking my well deserved break!" Adaleiz stood up, walked towards Fiametta and then took off her pants revealing her Diaper-Like panties, Fiametta blushed red again as a wet spot started to form, Adaleiz told Fiametta, "Don´t worry you´ll get used to this, Tess, could you pass me one of your Fresh Diapers?" Tess replied "Yes!" but before that Adaleiz sensed danger on her Stone "The War Lady is back! Tess are you 100% recovered?" Tess replied with a energetic "Yes!" Adaleiz looked at Fiametta "You better stay next to me this time, we´re not counting with Elysia and Meifeng this time as i ordered them to stay at school! Let´s Go! I´ll change Fiametta´s Diaper on the way" Fiametta blushed more "C-change my Diaper?!" Adaleiz told her "Let me remind you, we can´t use our powers with Wet Diapers! Let´s go!"

Adaleiz, Tess and Fiametta then Headed to the Downtown where Amaya is causing Chaos but at the same time at School, things were going to be quite wild for Elysia and Meifeng...

To Be Continued...

*009*2017-10-26 18:15

Hi! Thanks again for all the support.

Episode 5 is being a bit delayed for a short trip absence. The next episode will be posted as soon as i return!

Again. Thanks.

P.S. As a small teaser i´ll leave the Episode´s Title while you wait!.

Episode 5 – X = Damsels – 2

*011*2017-11-25 09:44

Hi! First of all! Sorry for the long absence! Despite that, the Episode is here! Enjoy!

Episode 5 – X = Damsels – 2

As Amaya was once again making the city a whole mess, Elysia and Meifeng had troubles of their own with a mysterious new student on their school. During lunch time Elysia and Meifeng sit down to talk about this student. "From Europe, Please! It is obvious that she´s lying! On top of that she is a magic user!" Elysia was upset about Aiko´s trickery, Meifeng replied with her mouth still full "-munch- maybe she´s another Damsel that -munch, munch, gulp- we weren´t aware of, i mean, Fiametta got just yesterday and who knows maybe there are more don´t you think? And making some memory not long ago you and i got into this, do you remember how was your life before?" Elysia then looked at Meifeng very serious...

Elysia´s Flashback – a Year ago

@@It´s a Cloudy morning in the Majesterian Palace, Home where the Royalty Lives, and Princess Elysia´s life would change that day... "EXCHANGE STUDENT?!" (Elysia Toov – 16 Yrs Old/ High School Student/ Princess of the Kingdom of Majesteria) "Father! This is an outrage!" Elysia wasn´t very pleased with the news, on The Royal Study, Elysia´s Father continued the conversation "It has come to my Attention that your grades are not what we were expecting from a Future Queen, Elysia, what is going on with you? I was expecting more coming from..." (Prince Björn Toov – 53 Years Old/ 2nd in the Line of Sucession of the Majesterian Royal Family/ Senator of the Upper Chamber/ Elysia´s Father), Elysia quickly interrupted her Father "Father, with all due respect, i am working as hard as i can at school, but things got tough since" Elysia quickly turned her eyes to a Family Portrait of her Father, her Mother and a young man around his late teens, Elysia resumed, "He used to help me with School, he was very busy but he always had time for me, time that my Mother or you rarely have". Prince Björn´s natural reaction would be to scold Elysia with just a warning however he knew what she was talking about, somberly remembering, Prince Björn comments "I understand things went very difficult since your Brother went missing, i do my best to make time for you, working is the think that helped me to keep my mind busy, you let the situation take over your mind stressing you and not focusing" Elysia was offended "Father, do you hear your own words? You said we should remain toghether, then why both of you leave me alone? Not just for school, for everything! Now you are sending me even far away from you?!" Prince Björn didn´t replied Elysia´s question, he limited to comment "No matter how much you object, preparations are well under way, you are leaving tomorrow night, you are heading to America, where you will be studying at an All Girls School, extra security has been issued just for you and by the Power Invested in Me as Prince and with the Permission of the Senate I, Prince Björn of Majesteria, procclaim you Princess Elysia of Majesteria, The Youngest Ambassador of Majesteria, you will represent us to the People in the American Continent. Please behave properly." Elysia was in shock, "Elysia, Elysia, Elysia!" ELYSIA WAKE UP!"

Present Day

Meifeng talked to make Elysia get back to reality "Lunch Time is over! We´re gonna be late for the next class!", Elysia, while reacting didn´t replied, only followed Meifeng. However Aiko was watching them several tables of distance from them. She then smirked.

In Downtown things gets complicated with Amaya facing off Adaleiz, Tess and Fiametta again, Amaya doesn´t believe in numerical advantages coming from the Damsels, her hand to hand combat skills are highly superior to those of Adaleiz and Tess, Fiametta tries her best with some Fire Slashes from her Fire Sword however she´s still a novice and most of her attacks ends up creating more debris and damages, Adaleiz shouted "FIAMETTA! STOP PLAYING AROUND!" Fiametta replied "My Bad!" Adaleiz later ordered "Fiametta! Aim to that Hydrant! Your fire with the water would make some steam!" Fiametta looked and following Adaleiz instructions made a Fire Slash to the Hydrant then Fiametta concentrated her energy into the sword making it burst in flames to finally make the steam impairing some of Amaya´s view "Hiding will not make things easier for you!" Amaya shouted out loud while The Damsels entered into an alley for a tactical move.

At School, in the middle of the class, Aiko wrote two notes and using her mind control, she made the notes being passed all the way to Elysia and Meifeng, "Meet me at the School Gardens After School, I want to meet you – Aiko", both girls had their suspicions about Aiko not being the girl everybody think she is. The Teacher was then handing over exam sheets and when reaching Aiko´s desk she asked "Aiko, this is your first day here, you really want to do this?" Aiko using her mind tricks again replied "Yes, Dear Teacher! I was studying this subject in my Previous School Overseas, The Teacher already in trance handed over a test sheet to Aiko with Meifeng and Elysia watching. The next two hours the classroom was full on the test, Meifeng had several troubles remembering the answers so she opted to sneak a tiny cheat sheet meanwhile, Elysia while answering she had some memories on her mind...

Elysia´s Flashback extended

@@Elysia upon arriving remained cold and upset to her staff at the Majesterian Embassy, with the days passing by and still without news about the whereabouts of ther Brother, Elysia soon fell into a depression, to make it worse it was her first day at School, "Girls before we start, please Welcome our newest Student, She hails from The Land of Majesteria and she is a Royal, Please Come in Sweetheart!" The Teacher made a polite introduction and then Elysia entered the classroom with all the other Girls impressed Elysia just wrote her name on the Whiteboard and then took her seat, without saying a word, over the course of the day, Elysia really impressed everyone as she excelled in everything, yet she had her angst at the top of everything, the day then turned cloudy with lightning bolts striking, Elysia pretended to be paying attention however when comes to the lighting bolts a memory from some time before her Brother went missing, "There is a Storm coming, are you really Sure about doing this trip on this conditions Johann?" Elysia asked, "It is ok my Dear Sparky Sister, I have been on situations like this before and here i am!" (Prince Johann Toov – 20 Years Old/ 3rd in the Line of Sucession of the Majesterian Royal Family/ Pilot of the Royal Majesterian Air Force / Elysia´s Older Brother), Elysia hugged her brother with all of her strength replying "Do NOT call me Sparky!" Prince Johann giggled a bit to then pet his Sister in the head "Look. You are the Spark of this Family, Like it or not! Each time i go with the Air Force i place my favorite photo on my helmet (he shows a Photo with Prince Björn, his wife Princess Alexia, Prince Johann -aged 8- and Princess Elysia -aged 4-) Elysia concerned requested her brother "Please, Do not go there with this weather!", her brother went serious, he hugged back Elysia while a Maid entered the Room informing Prince Johann that his vehicle has arrived, Elysia, now crying called her brother while being held by Maids, she could only see her brother departing, then she screamed out loud "JOHAAAAAAAAAAAAANN!", the weather went worse over the course of the day until the night with Elysia now in a night shirt sneaking into her Father´s Study, his face was in complete shock and denial as a Soldier was talking to him, Elysia heard the words she feared the most and another lightning striked getting Elysia back to reality on the classroom with the other Girls, Mei Feng and Aiko working on their tests (and cheating in the case of the Latter two), Elysia saw the weather was starting to get similar to that day and continues to remember the exact moment her life changed...

@@In the City, Adaleiz, Fiametta and Tess were running out of ideas to contain Amaya´s attack, things were getting worse as the weather started to get cloudy and stormy. Amaya still blinded by the makeshift Fog used her nose to detect the smell of the Girls with several close calls the girls took a moment to breathe until the moment Adaleiz took a deep breath, her crotch was getting warm, "No! Not now!" Fiametta and Tess were alarmed and out of the blue Amaya´s arm made a hole into the wall taking Adaleiz with her "I Got you now!" Adaleiz was screaming out of pain while Fiametta and Tess started chasing Amaya, "Let... Me...GO!" with a glow of her Halberd, Adaleiz managed to blind Amaya who quickly let her go. Tess then threw her Mace at Amaya who managed to see again and quickly deflected, it but at the same time exposed herself to a direct punch to her face by Tess and double tapped by Fiametta´s Fire Slash which took Amaya off balance, Tess with the help of Fiameta made a combined attack to defeat Amaya and when the smoke disappeared... Amaya was there, standing, just taking the dust out of her shoulder sarcastically commenting "Is this what you all got to show? I am not impressed, after all i..." Amaya´s torso began to feel a painful reaction "What the?!" Amaya was shocked that the combined attack left her a burn mark, enraged, Amaya was about to continue however The Queen telepathically ordered Amaya to retreat. "Grrr... Hmph! This is NOT the End!" commented Amaya and in a blink with a dark portal, she disappeared. Fiametta and Tess then fell to their knees relieved with Fiametta getting to Adaleiz, "Are you ok?" Fiametta Asked, Adaleiz just replied "Just a few bruises and a soaked diaper", upon hearing it, Tess giggles and replied "Know that feeling!", Adaleiz went back to her serious face while being helped by Fiametta and Tess as their clothes were returning to normal, "That girl is a danger!" Commented Adaleiz, Tess then pointed out "But we had some sort of effect with we combine our powers", Fiametta thought "If we could scratch her with a 2-Girl combo attack, what would happen if we use a 5-Girl combo attack?", Adaleiz replied "Well, that will be our homework... For now..." Adaleiz blushed a bit and finished "I need a change"...

Back at the School the test was over as all the girls were leaving the classroom there were Meifeng, Aiko smirking and a very introspective Elysia...

One last bit of Elysia´s memory...

@@Elysia´s first day ended off with a lot of stress and nostalgia for her homeland, she only wanted someone to comfort her, she really missed her Brother and only she could find more people to stress her more, out of the sudden in the School Gardens Elysia stumbled upon a fight, a Girl in a Black attire and another girl in a Silver Uniform, the girl in Black launched an attack towards the Silver Uniform Girl knocking her out then she rushed to also attack Elysia who out of fear ran for her life, accidentally touching a glowing rock on the ground who then channeled a Lightning Bolt covering Elysia´s Body, she wasn´t harmed at all and then, when the bolt disappeared, Elysia emerged in a Purple Uniform and a Spear on her Right Hand, her body was generating electricity now and with just tapping the rod of the spear new Lightning Bolts were summoned to attack the Black attired Girl... "That day i met Adaleiz, I also met Anastasia... That Day i Honored my Brother from being a Spark to become a Thunder... I became the Damsel Knight of Thunder...." Elysia said to herself, Meifeng quickly placed her hand on Elysia´s shoulder and asked her "You ok?" Elysia nodded while both girls watched Aiko who then whispered at them "Follow me!" as Aiko left the classroom, Elysia told Meifeng "Something is absolutely wrong with that girl!" Meifeng replied "This is a bad idea... I´m in to meet her!" Elysia sighed at her frustration to follow Aiko´s petition to see her at the Gardens, then, she looked at the window with the Stormy Weather getting clear, Elysia knows that despite her current situation her Brother is now Her Spark that makes her keep fighting.

To Be Continued...

*013*2018-05-13 09:55

Hi! Sorry for the long hiatus! Been busy and still busy, yet! Here´s the continuation! Enjoy! ?

Episode 7 – Family

It has been another tough day for the Damsel Knights, again, they barely survived another encounter with Amaya, on top of that, with 2 missing girls. Meifeng and Elysia under Adaleiz orders, remained at school where Aiko put her own plan into motion and told Meifeng and Elysia to meet her at the School´s Gardens to get a bit closer... The Weather went a bit clear but it was for sure this was the calm before the storm...

"This is a bad idea don´t you think? It is very suspicious!" Elysia shared her thoughts with Meifeng, "And guess what? I´m all about bad ideas!" Meifeng replied, Elysia annoyed asked "Why are you all about bad ideas?!" Meifeng simply replied "It´s a long story..."

5 Years Earlier...

@@The City, a very convoulted place, there´s a seemingly normal school. With a Girl waiting outside the Principal´s Office with some bruises... "Hmpf!" ( 杨美峰 – Yang Meifeng – 12 yrs Old/ Student). Meifeng was just sitting, upset, her parents could be heard inside the Principal´s office, it´s a heated discussion. Later the Yang Family is heading home... Meifeng´s Father had a worried look on his face "Aren´t you telling us what really happened Young Lady?" (杨静生Yang Jing-sheng – 43 Yrs Old, Manager), Meifeng just looked to the window, her Mother was more than serious "The Bruises tells it all, you got into another fight!" (杨振明 – Yang Zhen Ming – 39 Yrs Old – Physiotherapist), Meifeng limited to cross her arms out of spite. Her Mother continued "Meifeng, we expect a lot from you! You don´t know how much we suffered to get our spots? Your Father barely have Breaks and you made him leave his post just to being told that you got into another fight! I left a Patient at the Clinic just to be informed that you got involved in another fight!" her Mother was dropping some silent tears "Why? Why you keep doing this to us?!", Meifeng replied "I was protecting a classmate from a Bully!" her Mother cut Meifeng short "You don´t need to get involved on other people´s things! ... We still have time to correct your behavior, and for that we have to pull you out of school first" Meifeng was shocked "Y-you can´t do that!" Her Father replied "It´s for your own good! And it´s our final decision!"

@@Meifeng was effectively pulled out of the School and subsequent days were completely hetic for her as her Parents cut her out of all her friendships and spent the rest of the year with Private Tutors. However getting the school´s validations to get the spot wasn´t that easy, Meifeng spent the next two years being restricted by her Parents on those years her relationship with her Parents became very strained up to the point of barely talking to them, Meifeng spent nights looking at the window, dreaming with reuniting with the friends she lost halfaway. Time passed Two more years and it was the very last chance for her to get in the School, It was a very festive moment at the Yang Family Residence... "Dear Mr. And Mrs. Yang, after studying carefully your situation, the Board of the School has decided to Approve your solitiation, hereby your Daughter Meifeng must report to our Campus on..." Meifeng´s Mother couldn´t hold her tears anymore and stopped reading the Mail, Meifeng just stood there, frustrated after three years with pressure on her shoulders. Meifeng walked off the living room back to her bedroom, her parents didn´t even noticed as they were more focused on the school than their own daughter, Meifeng, sitting on her bed contemplated the view of the city on her window, then a voice kept repeating her name... "Meifeng! Mefeng! Meifeng WATCH OUT!" A big slap broke the silence as Meifeng crashed with the door that leads to the Gardens, "Would you mind to pay attention to your surroundings for once Meifeng?!" Elysia reprimanded Meifeng, then she opened the door, beyond that point Aiko was already sitting on a bench, with a portable tea set and snacks ready. Meifeng was just rubbing her forhead as she replied Elysia "I always pay attention! I do have other things to care about!". Meanwhile on the Pocket Dimension, Amaya was reluctantly healed by Anastasia "Hmpf, How this could happen?!" Amaya commented, Anastasia replied with some sarcasm "You are not so perfect now?", followed by a bickering giggle. The Queen called again, "Laughing on others´ failures is Rude and Unwise Anastasia!", Anastasia went silent, she turned to see the Queen and replied "B-but everyone laughs at my..." the Queen fired back at Anastasia "If you had at least some decent victories Anastasia, I would stand by your side, but you proved me over, and over again that you are not worth of everyone´s respect! Amaya on the other hand, is the Ultimate Definition of a Loyal Servant, she has everything you do not have!". Amaya, still with all of the pain of the burn mark, stood up and made a reverence to the Queen "I appreciate your trust my Queen, I beg your Pardon for my failure today!". The Queen showed mercy to Amaya much to Anastasia´s dismay "Amaya, you have my Royal Pardon." she then raised her hand and with a portion of her magic, the Queen healed quickly Amaya´s wound. Anastasia was in shock and jealous, but she remained silent as her words would follow on deaf ears and would land her on more troubles.

@@Upon their return to the Majesterian Embassy, Fiametta, Adaleiz and Tess were recovering from the battle. Fiametta had enough time to take a shower and change her diaper to a pull up to get back to work with a rushed lunch. Adaleiz was covering her hair with a towel after taking her shower as she talked with Tess about the Combo Attack they just did "Fiametta kept me thinking about that combo attack, don´t get me wrong, it looks interesting, but she´s still a Rookie Knight" Tess replied "Maybe Fiametta should remain training individually while we practice the combo attacks with Meifeng and Elysia", Adaleiz kept a thoughtful face then commented "For now Fiametta´s training is a priority... Tess i need a favor... I want you to train Fiametta please" a big smile was formed on Tess´ face prompting a reply "Say no more! Gonna take her to the Colton Ranch to start training right away!" Adaleiz then changed her expression to a concerned face and a comment "I think i´m already regretting this!" Tess kept skipping happily that she didn´t noticed she wet herself.

On the School Gardens, Meifeng and Elysia attended Aiko´s invitation, Elysia sat down and accepted the Tea, Meifeng on the other hand refused the Tea and popped out a can of Grape Soda out of her backpack, she accepted the crackers though, Aiko then started the conversation "Maybe we started with the wrong feet. I want to be your friend. That is all!", Elysia went into full diplomatic mode "I appreciate your intention. After all, I know what it feels to be the new Girl from a foreign Country starting from zero!", "From Zero, from zero...Zero" these words kept echoing on Meifeng´s head and took her back to her very first day as a Student... " It was the toughest day i had, i could only see all the other girls looking at me, with those piercing eyes..." Meifeng told to herself...

Meifeng´s First day

@@"I welcome you to a new year everyone! I see many familiar faces here" The Teacher was adressing and spotted a girl that didn´t followed exactly the hair code of the rest, she then requested the student to introduce herself, the student reluctantly proceeded "Nǐ hǎo! My name is Yang Meifeng! It is a pleasure to meet you!” ( 杨美峰 – Yang Meifeng – 16 yrs Old/ Student)", Meifeng looked at the rest of the class with a very uncomfortable look on her face, "The other girls were chit chatting, i clearly didn´t belonged here..." Meifeng´s day was a complete disaster, all of the other girls acted mean towards her in many different ways, "I went to the Janitor´s storage, don´t ask me how i found it, to cry... I, i really wanted to leave, i hated the place. My words would fall into deaf ears. I kept crying so much i went dry and returned to the classroom. After school i was walking back home, i really contemplated to take my things and run away, however... Things took a interesting turn when i met them... it was a windy day, good thing i ditched the school´s skirt in favor of some pants... Yet, i was far from being safe" As Meifeng kept walking down the streets, the speed of the winds were increasing, soon enough, Meifeng had to take refuge on a abandoned building, still safe, yet on the edge of being dangerous. " I thought i was safe until i stumbled upon... some blacked out hobos, the place smelled like a dumpster, the few lights went off... except for one." Meifeng walked all the Lobby following the Green light as a beacon when a Girl in a black dress appeared "Oh and I met Anastasia that day..." Anastasia appeared from a Dark Portal just in front of Meifeng, then she exclaimed "I managed to get to the Stone of the Wind before those Pesky Girls! Finally the Queen will respect me!" Anastasia noticed Meifeng´s presence near the stone and she then used a bit of Diplomacy... "Hey you! Be a good Boy and hand over that Stone to me!" Meifeng was really offended about being mistaken with a Boy and just as she was about to fire back, a Bright Light and the sound of the Thunder popped in, Two Grils with a Silver and a Purple uniform respectively appeared to face off Anastasia, "I also met my Friends there and what happened next changed my whole life!" after a short battle between the Knights and Anastasia, Meifeng had an opening and joined the fight using loose debris to throw at Anastasia, the Girl with the Silver Uniform ordered the Purple Uniform Girl to put Meifeng into safety... They started to argue "Are you wishing to die?! That Girl in Black is Dangerous!" the Purple Uniform Girl berated Meifeng, then Meifeng replied "I pretty much lost everything i loved, the fact there´s no reason for me to stay alive doesn´t mean everybody else has to die!" The Purple Girl was moved yet, she kept her stance and berated Meifeng a bit more before comforting her "You IDIOT! You have a lot to live! You´re still young! Think of your family!" Meifeng wasn´t very moved "My Parents won´t do anything outside my School´s Grades", The Purple Girl broke into tears "At least you still have a Family!", Meifeng keeps remembering "Elysia´s reply made me curious... Later she breifly told me that she Lost her Mother and her Older Brother and her motivations to protect everyone... i felt like garbage because of how i was watching my Parents! So i made up my mind". Meifeng defying Elysia´s warning headed back to the battle where the Silver Girl was losing the battle, Anastasia was dangerously close to the Stone of Wind, Elysia screamed "ADALEIZ! WATCH OUT!", Meifeng picked up more debris and threw some of those to Anastasia "H-hey! That... That is RUDE!" with a burst of Dark Magic Anastasia quickly set her sights to Meifeng who started taunting her in many hilarious ways, Meifeng saw a chance and just when Anastasia was about to catch her, Meifeng slided under Anastasia´s dress making another taunt "Nice Lingerie sweetie!" Anastasia embarrassed, covered herself while Meifeng finally retrieved the stone. "And this is the part where eve

@@rything gets wild!" Upon touching the Stone Meifeng felt the air concentrating around her like a small tornado, Anastasia´s face was red from shame and then red from Rage "NOT FAIR! THIS IS NOT FAIR!" she cried out, Elysia arrived helping her partner "Adaleiz, are you ok?" Adaleiz replied "Yes! Looks like we are more!" Elysia couldn´t believe that the new member was the reckless Girl she tried to save a few moments ago "This... Is bad comedy!". The air formed a small cyclone that covered Meifeng and a bright Green Light shined from the eye of the cyclone, then it dissolved with Meifeng emerging dressed with a Green Uniform and her reaction was... "A SKIRT?! I HAVE A SKIRT ON THIS?! WHAT´S WRONG WITH THIS ROCK?! GIVE ME MY PANTS BACK!" Anastasia took advantage of Meifeng´s anger to attack however Meifeng´s moves had a lot of energy that triggered her Aerokinesis and then it formed her weapon out of thin air "I materialized my own weapons which turned out to be Fans, that was the first time i felt i could do anything and everything that my Parents hated, however it was more about protecting the people than a personal matter... So I taunted Anastasia a bit more and her reaction when i told her i was a Girl and not a Boy was priceless, then with 2 powerful blows from my Fans, she could only retreat", Just after Anastasia´s humiliating retreat, Meifeng is approached by Elysia and Adaleiz, Elysia wasn´t very happy yet, she was more than satisfied that the Stone chose another Girl, Adaleiz then asked Meifeng about her name, Elysia pouted and said "Meifeng! Meifeng! MEIFENG WAKE UP!"

Present Day

"Wh-what i was..." Meifeng reacted confused to Elysia´s calls, Elysia wasn´t amused and then both started to argue, Aiko was smiling as she was sensing their respective Stones.

"You stood there like a statue! What is wrong with you?!" Elysia reprimands Meifeng while Meifeng fights back "I had some memories! What are you gonna do?! Arrest me?! We´re not in your Country Princess!" Elysia was offended and pouted, then the argument kept going when out of the blue Aiko started clapping and laughing, the Girls stopped and looked at her classmate acting weird.

"Both of you! Are really entertaining, you carry the same item, you are very close to each other yet, you are complete opposites. I am really sorry that i have to end this, my Queen would love having you as a Comedy Duo for her amusement. But she cannot use the stones you carry as long as you are still alive"

@@Both Meifeng and Elysia were in shock, Meifeng bragged about it "HAH! I told ya!" only to be shut down by Elysia "I remind you that I had the bad feeling! Now we have to fight her!" Meifeng had a smile on her face "I was waiting the whole day to do this!" just as she was about to transform, Aiko used her magic to take control of the school and turn it into a twisted playground, then taunted the Girls while using a Dark Portal to move into another location of the School notr before addressing the now mind controlled Students and Crew "Attention everyone, this is your New Principal... There are two Girls with cute pieces of Jewelry, your next assignment is to kill those Girls and bring me their Elemental Stones!". Elysia was more than stressed and told Meifeng to transform. "Even if we break Adaleiz´s orders, we have to save those other innocent girls" Elysia explained Meifeng begrudgingly and reluctanctly stated "I have a feeling i´m regretting this so much!" and without anything else to add, both Girls transformed into their Knights´ Uniform, summoned their weapons and started out facing off the Garden Monsters

As Elysia and Meifeng were facing not only the mind controlled civilians but also Plant creatures that Aiko also summoned, Meifeng had more flashbacks...

A Bitter Farewell...

It was 3 days after Meifeng became the Knight of the Wind and her whole world was turned upside down for her best... However there was a big Elephant in the Room...

@@"Mr. and Mrs. Yang, as Ambassador of the Kingdom of Majesteria and classmate of your Daughter, it will be my responsablility to take good care of her" Elysia had a hard time telling Meifeng´s Parents due to not liking Meifeng at all and due to being a New Knight, she had to put her pride on the back for the sake of the growing Knights, Meifeng´s Mother didn´t said a word at the beginning, she was completely upset yet, was kind enough to reply "Please, please Make sure that my Daughter stay out of troubles!". As the Yangs kept talking with Elysia, Meifeng was waiting outside the house, Adaleiz was getting the car ready to leave and then she spotted Meifeng... "Are you leaving without saying at least a "Good Bye" to your Parents?" Adaleiz asked, Meifeng just replied "We´re... Not on good terms, is for the best. Less worries to them, Less worries for me, everybody wins!". Adaleiz frowned and then opened the car, as she was sitting on the driver´s seat she told Meifeng "You should say something before anything happens. Becoming a Knight comes with a Great Price, if something happens to you, your parents will still care about you. And if something happens to them, you´ll gonna regret it for the rest of your life"... Adaleiz´ words made Meifeng think about it...

Back to reality

Meifeng keeps fighting as she thinks "Thing is that i was upset with my Parents, i did everything they wanted for most of my life so far, i wanted to do my own things... I didn´t said good bye to them, nor i ever talked to them again, i can bet for sure they got over and most likely pretend that i didn´t existed, I´m ok with my team and what i do... I still have a strong dislike for Skirts and wearing diapers, but that´s a Story for another time... If we make it out of this!"

As the fight raged, very far away on the Yang´s Residence, Meifeng´s Parents are returning from their respective workplaces, The house is now decorated with all the awards and acolades that Meifeng has achieved since she was a little girl, as they head to their bedroom and they can´t help but to stop in front of a door, Mr. Yang opens the door, It´s Meifeng´s bedroom, untouched. They would feel that their Daughter vanished from the face of Earth without Elysia updating them about Meifeng´s whereabouts. The Yangs somberly resume their routine as they have hopes that their Daughter will ever talk to them again...

To Be Continued...

*016*2018-09-29 08:47

Hi! It has been a while since the last update, i´ve been busy with RL things, but decidedly to continue this story until the end!

Enjoy the long awaited Episode 8! ?

Episode 8 – Little High School of Horrors

As Aiko put her plans into motion by taking over the School, Meifeng and Elysia battles their way to get her. Unfortunately the risks are too high for the Knights right now...

"I will take care of the the plant creatures! Try to not harm the brainwashed Girls or the Staff!" Elysia commanded Meifeng only to be replied "And you thought Survival Horror games didn´t had training values!" Meifeng waved her fans creating gusts of wind pushing back the Controlled Students. Elysia wan´t very amused "Keep your focus Meifeng! This is NOT a stupid Game of yours!" Elysia reprimanded Meifeng while she swinged her Spear at a plant creature.

@@In the Pocket Dimension, Amaya was meditating after being healed, she kept her focus on Tess despite being defeated by a combination attack, Anastasia was wandering around the corridors, still upset about being constantly berated by her own partners and the Queen "Why?! Why?! WHY?! No matter how much effort i put into my mission, I keep being mistreated like this!" in the middle of her self loathing to find a very little known corridor, one with a Bright Blue Light, "Ok, i... I did not had any knowledge about this corridor... I wonder where this would lead..." Anastasia thought as she was walking, following the light, upon reaching the gate, Anastasia found herself on a very peaceful garden... An Underwater Garden with a fountain in the center. The Bright Blue light acted as a Beacon, Anastasia was curious and ran towards the Fountain, her expression changed to a smug smile with the item she saw, then whispered to herself "Looks like... I have found something... How do the Earthlings call it? Ah yes... A Game Changer"

At the Embassy, Tess was laying on the Knight´s Lounge Room sofa, covered with her favorite bed sheet, she was taking a nap while Adaleiz was taking her favorite Tea, she then sensed her stone and quickly tapped Tess´ feet "Tess, wake up!", Tess, still groggy replied "Granny, Five more minutes please!", Adaleiz quickly told Tess "Tess! Mei and Elysia´s School has been taken over by Magic we..." Adaleiz was cut short when Tess jumped out of the sofa and took Adaleiz´ hand running to the action, on the Lobby, Fiametta was wrapping her day when she sensed the danger, as soon she saw Tess with Adaleiz, she followed them.

At the School, Elysia and Meifeng barely reached the School´s Hallways, now looking like a Forest with more Zombie-like Students and Staff, Elysia was disgusted "This place is looking like a Swamp!" while Meifeng was a bit cheerful to Elysia´s dismay "And pretty much smells like one! Get ready! We have a Welcome Comitee on our way!", Elysia quickly warned Meifeng "Remember, they´re still innocent students! Under any Circumstances Do Not Hurt them!" Meifeng nodded and then used her fans to make more gusts of wind pushing the other girls like in the Garden, it also exposed a bit of her diaper, Elysia used her spear to cut the vines and leaves blocking the view.

In the Principal´s Office, Aiko was having fun with the Brainwashed Principal. "Awww, you really look tired and frowny Miss... Janet. But i know what will bring you a smile!" Principal Janet was in a full trance, Aiko moved one of her fingers activating her magic, it´s effects were immediate an in mere seconds Principal Janet went from her early 40´s back into her mid Teens with her clothes a bit baggy, Aiko giggles as she watches the de aged Principal "Now we are going somewhere, yet, something is missing. Ah! I Know!" repeating her moves, Aiko transforms the baggy clothes into a proper School Uniform "There we go! Now... Be a good Student and wait outside my Office. I want you 100% Ready to welcome your classmates!" The de aged Principal could only say "Yes, my Principal..." And with that she moved to her post, Aiko then uses her magic to check on Elysia and Meifeng´s status "Some people have to learn their lessons the hard way!"

Upon arriving the School´s Block, Adaleiz, Tess and Fiametta went to an alley that leads to the School´s Garden, halfaway they transformed with Adaleiz warning her teammates "Stay alert and keep your Diapers dry! Unlike our previous encounters with the War Lady, there´s a lot of magic in here..." Fiametta made a question "Could it be that these instances are related to each other?", Adaleiz replied "Maybe, but if we want to find out, we have to move!". Tess anxious and concerned as a Team Mom commented "Whoever is behind this will have a Bad Day if i found my Girls hurt!". Upon entering the Gardens, they found a full Rainforest instead of a Garden and traces of a battle, Adaleiz, Fiametta and Tess were alert with Adaleiz commenting "It started here, I can feel Mei and Elysia´s Stones being activated here and left a trace this way!" Pointing out with her Charged Halberd, she lead the Knights to their Teammates.

On the Pocket Dimension, Anastasia was very secretive lurking on every corridor as possible, she ended up stumbling upon Amaya which made Anastasia react in fear however, upon further inspection, she noticed that Amaya was actually sleeping making her breath relieved, soon Anastasia resumed her way to a undisclosed location out of Amaya, Aiko and even the Dark Queen´s sights.

Back at the School, Meifeng and Elysia were closer to Aiko, but due to the Brainwashed civilians, their chase has been slow to not hurt anyone, Meifeng was upset "AH! This is frustating! I want to punch and cut with my fans!" Elysia was annoyed with Meifeng´s requests, yet, she praised her sense of Duty and Responsability about not harming innocent people and yet she bickered a bit "You really managed to control yourself Meifeng! I commend you for that and don´t worry, i will give you the honor to punch that Girl first!". With Elysia´s words, Meifeng then made a smile and replied "I´m gonna give that girl the beating of her life!" Meifeng then created more gusts of wind to push back the civilians.

Way behind, Adaleiz, Fiametta and Tess were being attacked with living vines, Adaleiz and Tess´ attacks were ineffective and much to their dismay it really empowered the plants up to the point of wrapping them causing them pain. Fiametta complained "This is... Painful! AGH!" still holding to her Fire Sword, Fiametta heated up her Sword causing the vines to shake out of pain and drop the Girls. The Trio knew how to proceed now and Fiametta lead the Knights with Adaleiz holding back the plants with her Halberd, Tess stunning the plants with her Mace and Fiametta finishing them with Fire Slashes. Adaleiz smiled "Good work Knights! But we´re still behind! Mei and Elysia might be in more serious troubles! Let´s go!" The Knights resumed their chase.

On the Pocket Dimension, Anastasia returned to the main lobby with Amaya still meditating however she didn´t bothered to notice her presence, the Queen was absent, the perfect moment to sneak right into her own private room which was also off limits of The Queen´s omnipresence. Once there Anastasia, with a sinister smile found a place for her new found "Game Changer", she whispered again "It is too soon to let those insignificant fools know that you exist... I have to make preparations for you!"

@@At School, Meifeng and Elysia were in front of Aiko´s location, however they were being held back by the Younger Principal Janet and more mind controlled students, to make the things worse the students began to mutate into plant golems, Meifeng quickly complained "REALLY?! Are we still gonna play with plants and went from Easy to Very Hard?!" The creatures rushed to the duo only to be pushed back by Meifeng´s whirlwinds, Elysia felt a bit worried due to her Electric powers having no effect on the creatures "Hold them down! I think i have a plan to stop them without hurting them!". Unfortunately the creatures´ vines caught Elysia, Meifeng tried to help her only to stopped by her friend "Do not worry about me! Find Aiko, NOW!" Meifeng hestitated "But... I´m not leaving without you!", Elysia replied to Meifeng as the vines were getting tight "Hnnggh... What are you... hnnngggh... Doing?! FIND HER AND DEFEAT HER! IT IS A ROYAL ORDER!" the vines were getting tighter causing Elysia to scream out of pain, as she screamed out loud, she began to wet herself thus, cancelling her transformation.

Elysia´s scream was loud enough to be heard by the remaining Knights as they were making her way to catch up, Tess was alarmed "ELYSIA!" Tess was enraged as she ran slamming anything with her Mace on her way, "TESS WAIT! We have to continue! Let´s go!" Adaleiz commanded to Fiametta

Aiko was watching on the hijacked office, and she was delighted "I really love this little game... Too bad everything must come to an end"

@@Outside, Meifeng still holding her enemies with her wind was trying to figure out how to release her Friend. Things were getting worse as she felt a small spurt on her diaper, she then focus her effort on hold her weak bladder "No, not now!", just when Meifeng was about to give up a voice broke the silence "STAY AWAY FROM MY GIRLS!", Tess was arriving to the scene slamming every vine, behind her Adaleiz and Fiametta were finishing off the vines, then they focused their attacks on the vine that was holding Elysia, Tess was quick to catch an unconscious Elysia to safety, Adaleiz helped Meifeng who was reluctant to wet herself, "Mei, it´s dangerous for you to keep holding, we will pick it up from here, Tess! Take care of them!" Adaleiz made her orders however Meifeng disagreed, "N-no! That crazy bitch put everything upside down here, and i´m not going to let her get away with it! Please! Let me face her!", Meifeng´s knight uniform soon began to flicker back and forth with her school uniform due to having started to wet herself. Adaleiz comforted Meifeng, "Hey! I know our mission is to stop them before they hurt innocent people, this is just some warning about it, but your health is also important, Let Tess take care of you or..." Meifeng was stressed enough and simply replied "Sorry Adaleiz! I can´t let this go without puching that bitch in the face before!" and with a pair of weak gusts of wind causing Adaleiz, Fiametta and Tess to cover their faces while their skirts were flapping exposing their diapers, Meifeng took the chance to continue her way chasing Aiko.

While this was happening, Aiko was delightfully enjoying the scene, she stood up from the Principal´s Chair and transformed her Princess Dress into a Battle Armor, not before whispering "Like i said... Everything must come to an end..."

In the Pocket Dimension, Amaya ended her meditation with a resolution "Damsel Knights... Your luck has come to an end..."

At School, Meifeng was hell bent on taking down Aiko, Adaleiz was upset at her rebellious mood, then she looked at Fiametta and Tess "Tess, take care of Elysia, Fiametta, let´s go!"

Both Knights nodded and soon Adaleiz and Fiametta chased Meifeng who was just arriving to the Office where Aiko was patiently waiting.

Meifeng was building up enough wind to create a typhoon and screamed out loud "YOU´RE GOING DOWN!", Aiko was just smiling and giggling "Looks like you have not learned your lesson! But do not worry! I will help you!" Aiko then used her magic to summon a Battle Baton.

@@Meifeng waited no more and released her charged wind power on her fans, the whirlwind was heading straight to Aiko, and with just a single move of her Battle Baton a Dark Portal of a different color appeared and absorbed the attack, Meifeng was in shock "What the?! Oh no! You didn´t!", Aiko replied with a giggle as she opened up another portal behind Meifeng, redirecting her own attack at her, Meifeng was blown straight crashing to the wall with Aiko taunting her "You are really an example of an Airhead!", as Aiko resumed her laughing taunt, Meifeng could barely get back on her feet, she let go herself a bit during the crash as her diaper was getting even more soaked causing her Knight uniform to flicker again, in pain she shouted "Is that all what you´ve got? I´ve seen better tricks online! Your portals are getting old!", Aiko stopped her laughter and made a serious face "Shush!" she moved her Baton and out of the blue more vines popped up wrapping up Meifeng in a similar manner to what they did with Elysia, Meifeng was trying to hold the pain a bit more but the pressure was too much for her and screamed out of pain.

Aiko was now enjoying Meifeng´s screams as it was Classical Music "A suitable end for such arrogant and rude person like you! My Queen will be pleased when i hand over your Wind Stone to her!". In the middle of her pain, Meifeng was reflecting "This... Hurts... But i can´t ... I can´t let that bitch to win in a cheap manner! I have to figure out something! My bladder can´t take it anymore but i don´t have any changes available!"

As Adaleiz and Fiametta were close, her stones reacted on a very dangerous manner indicating them of Meifeng´s dire situation. Alarmed, Adaleiz told Fiametta "We have to hurry up! Mei´s running out of time!"

Aiko kept taunting Meifeng "Keep screaming, your pain is Entertainment for me! And do not expect to be rescued a second time in a row... I have one big surprise for your beloved friends!" Aiko resumed her taunting laughter as Meifeng kept screaming out of pain...

To Be Continued...

*019*2018-10-01 04:04

{{On 9/29/2018 at 10:14 AM, Melificentfan said:

Come on girls you can defeat akio man that was a excellent chapter

}}

Thank you for your support! There´s more to come!

{{On 9/29/2018 at 5:51 PM, Ghostblade913 said:

Can you try separating the paragraphs a bit more it’s a little hard to read

}}

Will do on the Next Episode, then i´ll be editing the previous episodes to correct some typos, then i´ll edit the previous episodes so they can be in line with the newer episodes. Thank you for your feedback! :)

*020*2018-11-02 05:42

Hi! Gonna add some fillers while Episode 9 is on the works! Please enjoy! ?

Damsel Profiles

Name: Fiametta Gabrielli

Age: 23

Occupation: Journalist

Stone: Fire

Weapon: Fire Sword

Special Attack: Fire Slash

A recently graduated Journalist, Optimistic and Eager, Fiametta is someone that won´t stop until she find the answers to the questions she might have. She´s also a little bit of a slacker and has self doubts, luckily for her she has her Mother on her side with a healthy Mother-Daughter relationship.

Being diapered is for now the big issue on her life, while the Other Knights have no problems with Privacy as they took residence on the Majesterian Embassy, Fiametta still lives with her Mother, her fear is that her Mother finds out about the Diapers or her new found Powers. Even at the Embassy with the other Knights, Fiametta is still shy about walking the room while padded.

Upon accidentally becoming a Knight in the middle of a battle for the Fire Stone, Fiametta has shown a lot of unexplored potential and with the proper training, she might become a formidable Warrior Girl.

*022*2018-11-02 06:10

{{21 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent and I love the pic

}}

Thank you.

I have more images, for each Knight and I´m still honing my drawing skills.

More to come!

*023*2018-11-03 08:01

I´m back with another Profile! This time it´s:

Name: Adaleiz Solberg

Age: 20

Occupation: Engineer Student

Stone: Light

Weapon: Halberd of Light

Special Attack: Bright Light Charge

The Leader of the Damsel Knights by finding her Light Stone two years prior, when she was just a Counselor at a Summer Camp. Adaleiz is a very strategic girl and always follows what her cool brain process. She has a no nonsense attitude when comes to battle.

She has come to terms with being diapered very quickly, embraces it and has no problem at all when she uses them, changes herself or change her team mates. The other Knights shows nothing but respect for their leader, however, Adaleiz has her own doubts and fears like her team mates.

Adaleiz only wants her team to succeed and will help them out when she considers it up to the point to entrust the help of her second in command (Tess) with extra training. She had a premonition of Fiametta joining the Knights before meeting her for the first time as she believes based on that dream that, Fiametta is the Key to turn the tide on the Battle against the Dark Queen and her Subordinates.

