Damsel Knights

Author: donut_tire

*009*2017-10-26 18:15

Hi! Thanks again for all the support.

Episode 5 is being a bit delayed for a short trip absence. The next episode will be posted as soon as i return!

Again. Thanks.

P.S. As a small teaser i'll leave the Episode's Title while you wait!.

Episode 5 – X = Damsels – 2

*011*2017-11-25 09:44

Hi! First of all! Sorry for the long absence! Despite that, the Episode is here! Enjoy!

Episode 5 – X = Damsels – 2

As Amaya was once again making the city a whole mess, Elysia and Meifeng had troubles of their own with a mysterious new student on their school. During lunch time Elysia and Meifeng sit down to talk about this student. "From Europe, Please! It is obvious that she's lying! On top of that she is a magic user!" Elysia was upset about Aiko's trickery, Meifeng replied with her mouth still full "-munch- maybe she's another Damsel that -munch, munch, gulp- we weren't aware of, i mean, Fiametta got just yesterday and who knows maybe there are more don't you think? And making some memory not long ago you and i got into this, do you remember how was your life before?" Elysia then looked at Meifeng very serious...

Elysia's Flashback – a Year ago

It's a Cloudy morning in the Majesterian Palace, Home where the Royalty Lives, and Princess Elysia's life would change that day... "EXCHANGE STUDENT?!" (Elysia Toov – 16 Yrs Old/ High School Student/ Princess of the Kingdom of Majesteria) "Father! This is an outrage!" Elysia wasn't very pleased with the news, on The Royal Study, Elysia's Father continued the conversation "It has come to my Attention that your grades are not what we were expecting from a Future Queen, Elysia, what is going on with you? I was expecting more coming from..." (Prince Björn Toov – 53 Years Old/ 2nd in the Line of Sucession of the Majesterian Royal Family/ Senator of the Upper Chamber/ Elysia's Father), Elysia quickly interrupted her Father "Father, with all due respect, i am working as hard as i can at school, but things got tough since" Elysia quickly turned her eyes to a Family Portrait of her Father, her Mother and a young man around his late teens, Elysia resumed.

"He used to help me with School, he was very busy but he always had time for me, time that my Mother or you rarely have". Prince Björn's natural reaction would be to scold Elysia with just a warning however he knew what she was talking about, somberly remembering, Prince Björn comments "I understand things went very difficult since your Brother went missing, i do my best to make time for you, working is the think that helped me to keep my mind busy, you let the situation take over your mind stressing you and not focusing" Elysia was offended "Father, do you hear your own words? You said we should remain toghether, then why both of you leave me alone? Not just for school, for everything! Now you are sending me even far away from you?!" 

Prince Björn didn't replied Elysia's question, he limited to comment "No matter how much you object, preparations are well under way, you are leaving tomorrow night, you are heading to America, where you will be studying at an All Girls School, extra security has been issued just for you and by the Power Invested in Me as Prince and with the Permission of the Senate I, Prince Björn of Majesteria, procclaim you Princess Elysia of Majesteria, The Youngest Ambassador of Majesteria, you will represent us to the People in the American Continent. Please behave properly." Elysia was in shock, "Elysia, Elysia, Elysia!" ELYSIA WAKE UP!"

Present Day

Meifeng talked to make Elysia get back to reality "Lunch Time is over! We're gonna be late for the next class!", Elysia, while reacting didn't replied, only followed Meifeng. However Aiko was watching them several tables of distance from them. She then smirked.

In Downtown things gets complicated with Amaya facing off Adaleiz, Tess and Fiametta again, Amaya doesn't believe in numerical advantages coming from the Damsels, her hand to hand combat skills are highly superior to those of Adaleiz and Tess, Fiametta tries her best with some Fire Slashes from her Fire Sword however she's still a novice and most of her attacks ends up creating more debris and damages, Adaleiz shouted "FIAMETTA! STOP PLAYING AROUND!" Fiametta replied "My Bad!" Adaleiz later ordered "Fiametta! Aim to that Hydrant! Your fire with the water would make some steam!" Fiametta looked and following Adaleiz instructions made a Fire Slash to the Hydrant then Fiametta concentrated her energy into the sword making it burst in flames to finally make the steam impairing some of Amaya's view "Hiding will not make things easier for you!" Amaya shouted out loud while The Damsels entered into an alley for a tactical move.

At School, in the middle of the class, Aiko wrote two notes and using her mind control, she made the notes being passed all the way to Elysia and Meifeng, "Meet me at the School Gardens After School, I want to meet you – Aiko", both girls had their suspicions about Aiko not being the girl everybody think she is. The Teacher was then handing over exam sheets and when reaching Aiko's desk she asked "Aiko, this is your first day here, you really want to do this?" Aiko using her mind tricks again replied "Yes, Dear Teacher! I was studying this subject in my Previous School Overseas, The Teacher already in trance handed over a test sheet to Aiko with Meifeng and Elysia watching. The next two hours the classroom was full on the test, Meifeng had several troubles remembering the answers so she opted to sneak a tiny cheat sheet meanwhile, Elysia while answering she had some memories on her mind...

Elysia's Flashback extended

Elysia upon arriving remained cold and upset to her staff at the Majesterian Embassy, with the days passing by and still without news about the whereabouts of ther Brother, Elysia soon fell into a depression, to make it worse it was her first day at School, "Girls before we start, please Welcome our newest Student, She hails from The Land of Majesteria and she is a Royal, Please Come in Sweetheart!" The Teacher made a polite introduction and then Elysia entered the classroom with all the other Girls impressed Elysia just wrote her name on the Whiteboard and then took her seat, without saying a word, over the course of the day.

Elysia really impressed everyone as she excelled in everything, yet she had her angst at the top of everything, the day then turned cloudy with lightning bolts striking, Elysia pretended to be paying attention however when comes to the lighting bolts a memory from some time before her Brother went missing, "There is a Storm coming, are you really Sure about doing this trip on this conditions Johann?" Elysia asked.

"It is ok my Dear Sparky Sister, I have been on situations like this before and here i am!" (Prince Johann Toov – 20 Years Old/ 3rd in the Line of Sucession of the Majesterian Royal Family/ Pilot of the Royal Majesterian Air Force / Elysia's Older Brother), Elysia hugged her brother with all of her strength replying "Do NOT call me Sparky!" Prince Johann giggled a bit to then pet his Sister in the head "Look. You are the Spark of this Family, Like it or not! Each time i go with the Air Force i place my favorite photo on my helmet (he shows a Photo with Prince Björn, his wife Princess Alexia, Prince Johann -aged 8- and Princess Elysia -aged 4-)

Elysia concerned requested her brother "Please, Do not go there with this weather!", her brother went serious, he hugged back Elysia while a Maid entered the Room informing Prince Johann that his vehicle has arrived, Elysia, now crying called her brother while being held by Maids, she could only see her brother departing, then she screamed out loud "JOHAAAANN!", the weather went worse over the course of the day until the night with Elysia now in a night shirt sneaking into her Father's Study, his face was in complete shock and denial as a Soldier was talking to him, Elysia heard the words she feared the most and another lightning striked getting Elysia back to reality on the classroom with the other Girls, Mei Feng and Aiko working on their tests (and cheating in the case of the Latter two), Elysia saw the weather was starting to get similar to that day and continues to remember the exact moment her life changed...

In the City, Adaleiz, Fiametta and Tess were running out of ideas to contain Amaya's attack, things were getting worse as the weather started to get cloudy and stormy. Amaya still blinded by the makeshift Fog used her nose to detect the smell of the Girls with several close calls the girls took a moment to breathe until the moment Adaleiz took a deep breath, her crotch was getting warm, "No! Not now!" Fiametta and Tess were alarmed and out of the blue Amaya's arm made a hole into the wall taking Adaleiz with her "I Got you now!" Adaleiz was screaming out of pain while Fiametta and Tess started chasing Amaya, "Let... Me...GO!" with a glow of her Halberd, Adaleiz managed to blind Amaya who quickly let her go.

Tess then threw her Mace at Amaya who managed to see again and quickly deflected, it but at the same time exposed herself to a direct punch to her face by Tess and double tapped by Fiametta's Fire Slash which took Amaya off balance, Tess with the help of Fiameta made a combined attack to defeat Amaya and when the smoke disappeared... Amaya was there, standing, just taking the dust out of her shoulder sarcastically commenting "Is this what you all got to show? I am not impressed, after all i..." Amaya's torso began to feel a painful reaction "What the?!" Amaya was shocked that the combined attack left her a burn mark, enraged, Amaya was about to continue however The Queen telepathically ordered Amaya to retreat. "Grrr... Hmph! This is NOT the End!" commented Amaya and in a blink with a dark portal, she disappeared.

Fiametta and Tess then fell to their knees relieved with Fiametta getting to Adaleiz, "Are you ok?" Fiametta Asked, Adaleiz just replied "Just a few bruises and a soaked diaper", upon hearing it, Tess giggles and replied "Know that feeling!", Adaleiz went back to her serious face while being helped by Fiametta and Tess as their clothes were returning to normal, "That girl is a danger!" Commented Adaleiz, Tess then pointed out "But we had some sort of effect with we combine our powers", Fiametta thought "If we could scratch her with a 2-Girl combo attack, what would happen if we use a 5-Girl combo attack?", Adaleiz replied "Well, that will be our homework... For now..." Adaleiz blushed a bit and finished "I need a change"...

Back at the School the test was over as all the girls were leaving the classroom there were Meifeng, Aiko smirking and a very introspective Elysia...

One last bit of Elysia's memory...

Elysia's first day ended off with a lot of stress and nostalgia for her homeland, she only wanted someone to comfort her, she really missed her Brother and only she could find more people to stress her more, out of the sudden in the School Gardens Elysia stumbled upon a fight, a Girl in a Black attire and another girl in a Silver Uniform, the girl in Black launched an attack towards the Silver Uniform Girl knocking her out then she rushed to also attack Elysia who out of fear ran for her life, accidentally touching a glowing rock on the ground who then channeled a Lightning Bolt covering Elysia's Body, she wasn't harmed at all and then, when the bolt disappeared.

Elysia emerged in a Purple Uniform and a Spear on her Right Hand, her body was generating electricity now and with just tapping the rod of the spear new Lightning Bolts were summoned to attack the Black attired Girl... "That day i met Adaleiz, I also met Anastasia... That Day i Honored my Brother from being a Spark to become a Thunder... I became the Damsel Knight of Thunder...." Elysia said to herself, Meifeng quickly placed her hand on Elysia's shoulder and asked her "You ok?" Elysia nodded while both girls watched Aiko who then whispered at them "Follow me!" as Aiko left the classroom, Elysia told Meifeng "Something is absolutely wrong with that girl!" Meifeng replied "This is a bad idea... I'm in to meet her!" Elysia sighed at her frustration to follow Aiko's petition to see her at the Gardens, then, she looked at the window with the Stormy Weather getting clear, Elysia knows that despite her current situation her Brother is now Her Spark that makes her keep fighting.

To Be Continued...

*013*2018-05-13 09:55

Hi! Sorry for the long hiatus! Been busy and still busy, yet! Here's the continuation! Enjoy!

Episode 7 – Family

It has been another tough day for the Damsel Knights, again, they barely survived another encounter with Amaya, on top of that, with 2 missing girls. Meifeng and Elysia under Adaleiz orders, remained at school where Aiko put her own plan into motion and told Meifeng and Elysia to meet her at the School's Gardens to get a bit closer... The Weather went a bit clear but it was for sure this was the calm before the storm...

"This is a bad idea don't you think? It is very suspicious!" Elysia shared her thoughts with Meifeng, "And guess what? I'm all about bad ideas!" Meifeng replied, Elysia annoyed asked "Why are you all about bad ideas?!" Meifeng simply replied "It's a long story..."

5 Years Earlier...

The City, a very convoulted place, there's a seemingly normal school. With a Girl waiting outside the Principal's Office with some bruises... "Hmpf!" ( 杨美峰 – Yang Meifeng – 12 yrs Old/ Student). Meifeng was just sitting, upset, her parents could be heard inside the Principal's office, it's a heated discussion. Later the Yang Family is heading home... Meifeng's Father had a worried look on his face "Aren't you telling us what really happened Young Lady?" (杨静生Yang Jing-sheng – 43 Yrs Old, Manager), Meifeng just looked to the window, her Mother was more than serious "The Bruises tells it all, you got into another fight!" (杨振明 – Yang Zhen Ming – 39 Yrs Old – Physiotherapist), Meifeng limited to cross her arms out of spite.

Her Mother continued "Meifeng, we expect a lot from you! You don't know how much we suffered to get our spots? Your Father barely have Breaks and you made him leave his post just to being told that you got into another fight! I left a Patient at the Clinic just to be informed that you got involved in another fight!" her Mother was dropping some silent tears "Why? Why you keep doing this to us?!", Meifeng replied "I was protecting a classmate from a Bully!" her Mother cut Meifeng short "You don't need to get involved on other people's things! ... We still have time to correct your behavior, and for that we have to pull you out of school first" Meifeng was shocked "Y-you can't do that!" Her Father replied "It's for your own good! And it's our final decision!"

Meifeng was effectively pulled out of the School and subsequent days were completely hetic for her as her Parents cut her out of all her friendships and spent the rest of the year with Private Tutors. However getting the school's validations to get the spot wasn't that easy, Meifeng spent the next two years being restricted by her Parents on those years her relationship with her Parents became very strained up to the point of barely talking to them, Meifeng spent nights looking at the window, dreaming with reuniting with the friends she lost halfaway. Time passed Two more years and it was the very last chance for her to get in the School, It was a very festive moment at the Yang Family Residence... "Dear Mr. And Mrs. Yang, after studying carefully your situation, the Board of the School has decided to Approve your solitiation, hereby your Daughter Meifeng must report to our Campus on..."

Meifeng's Mother couldn't hold her tears anymore and stopped reading the Mail, Meifeng just stood there, frustrated after three years with pressure on her shoulders. Meifeng walked off the living room back to her bedroom, her parents didn't even noticed as they were more focused on the school than their own daughter, Meifeng, sitting on her bed contemplated the view of the city on her window, then a voice kept repeating her name... "Meifeng! Mefeng! Meifeng WATCH OUT!" A big slap broke the silence as Meifeng crashed with the door that leads to the Gardens, "Would you mind to pay attention to your surroundings for once Meifeng?!" Elysia reprimanded Meifeng, then she opened the door, beyond that point Aiko was already sitting on a bench, with a portable tea set and snacks ready. Meifeng was just rubbing her forhead as she replied Elysia "I always pay attention! I do have other things to care about!".

Meanwhile on the Pocket Dimension, Amaya was reluctantly healed by Anastasia "Hmpf, How this could happen?!" Amaya commented, Anastasia replied with some sarcasm "You are not so perfect now?", followed by a bickering giggle. The Queen called again, "Laughing on others' failures is Rude and Unwise Anastasia!", Anastasia went silent, she turned to see the Queen and replied "B-but everyone laughs at my..." the Queen fired back at Anastasia "If you had at least some decent victories Anastasia, I would stand by your side, but you proved me over, and over again that you are not worth of everyone's respect! Amaya on the other hand, is the Ultimate Definition of a Loyal Servant, she has everything you do not have!".

Amaya, still with all of the pain of the burn mark, stood up and made a reverence to the Queen "I appreciate your trust my Queen, I beg your Pardon for my failure today!". The Queen showed mercy to Amaya much to Anastasia's dismay "Amaya, you have my Royal Pardon." she then raised her hand and with a portion of her magic, the Queen healed quickly Amaya's wound. Anastasia was in shock and jealous, but she remained silent as her words would follow on deaf ears and would land her on more troubles.

Upon their return to the Majesterian Embassy, Fiametta, Adaleiz and Tess were recovering from the battle. Fiametta had enough time to take a shower and change her diaper to a pull up to get back to work with a rushed lunch. Adaleiz was covering her hair with a towel after taking her shower as she talked with Tess about the Combo Attack they just did "Fiametta kept me thinking about that combo attack, don't get me wrong, it looks interesting, but she's still a Rookie Knight" Tess replied.

"Maybe Fiametta should remain training individually while we practice the combo attacks with Meifeng and Elysia", Adaleiz kept a thoughtful face then commented "For now Fiametta's training is a priority... Tess i need a favor... I want you to train Fiametta please" a big smile was formed on Tess' face prompting a reply "Say no more! Gonna take her to the Colton Ranch to start training right away!" Adaleiz then changed her expression to a concerned face and a comment "I think i'm already regretting this!" Tess kept skipping happily that she didn't noticed she wet herself.

On the School Gardens, Meifeng and Elysia attended Aiko's invitation, Elysia sat down and accepted the Tea, Meifeng on the other hand refused the Tea and popped out a can of Grape Soda out of her backpack, she accepted the crackers though, Aiko then started the conversation "Maybe we started with the wrong feet. I want to be your friend. That is all!", Elysia went into full diplomatic mode "I appreciate your intention. After all, I know what it feels to be the new Girl from a foreign Country starting from zero!", "From Zero, from zero...Zero" these words kept echoing on Meifeng's head and took her back to her very first day as a Student... " It was the toughest day i had, i could only see all the other girls looking at me, with those piercing eyes..." Meifeng told to herself...

Meifeng's First day

"I welcome you to a new year everyone! I see many familiar faces here" The Teacher was adressing and spotted a girl that didn't followed exactly the hair code of the rest, she then requested the student to introduce herself, the student reluctantly proceeded "Nǐ hǎo! My name is Yang Meifeng! It is a pleasure to meet you!” ( 杨美峰 – Yang Meifeng – 16 yrs Old/ Student)", Meifeng looked at the rest of the class with a very uncomfortable look on her face, "The other girls were chit chatting, i clearly didn't belonged here..." 

Meifeng's day was a complete disaster, all of the other girls acted mean towards her in many different ways, "I went to the Janitor's storage, don't ask me how i found it, to cry... I, i really wanted to leave, i hated the place. My words would fall into deaf ears. I kept crying so much i went dry and returned to the classroom. After school i was walking back home, i really contemplated to take my things and run away, however... Things took a interesting turn when i met them...

It was a windy day, good thing i ditched the school's skirt in favor of some pants... Yet, i was far from being safe" As Meifeng kept walking down the streets, the speed of the winds were increasing, soon enough, Meifeng had to take refuge on a abandoned building, still safe, yet on the edge of being dangerous. " I thought i was safe until i stumbled upon... some blacked out hobos, the place smelled like a dumpster, the few lights went off... except for one." Meifeng walked all the Lobby following the Green light as a beacon when a Girl in a black dress appeared "Oh and I met Anastasia that day..." Anastasia appeared from a Dark Portal just in front of Meifeng, then she exclaimed "I managed to get to the Stone of the Wind before those Pesky Girls! Finally the Queen will respect me!"

Anastasia noticed Meifeng's presence near the stone and she then used a bit of Diplomacy... "Hey you! Be a good Boy and hand over that Stone to me!" Meifeng was really offended about being mistaken with a Boy and just as she was about to fire back, a Bright Light and the sound of the Thunder popped in, Two Grils with a Silver and a Purple uniform respectively appeared to face off Anastasia, "I also met my Friends there and what happened next changed my whole life!" after a short battle between the Knights and Anastasia, Meifeng had an opening and joined the fight using loose debris to throw at Anastasia, the Girl with the Silver Uniform ordered the Purple Uniform Girl to put Meifeng into safety...

They started to argue "Are you wishing to die?! That Girl in Black is Dangerous!" the Purple Uniform Girl berated Meifeng, then Meifeng replied "I pretty much lost everything i loved, the fact there's no reason for me to stay alive doesn't mean everybody else has to die!" The Purple Girl was moved yet, she kept her stance and berated Meifeng a bit more before comforting her "You IDIOT! You have a lot to live! You're still young! Think of your family!" Meifeng wasn't very moved "My Parents won't do anything outside my School's Grades", The Purple Girl broke into tears "At least you still have a Family!", Meifeng keeps remembering "Elysia's reply made me curious... 

Later she breifly told me that she Lost her Mother and her Older Brother and her motivations to protect everyone... i felt like garbage because of how i was watching my Parents! So i made up my mind". Meifeng defying Elysia's warning headed back to the battle where the Silver Girl was losing the battle, Anastasia was dangerously close to the Stone of Wind, Elysia screamed "ADALEIZ! WATCH OUT!", Meifeng picked up more debris and threw some of those to Anastasia "H-hey! That... That is RUDE!" with a burst of Dark Magic Anastasia quickly set her sights to Meifeng who started taunting her in many hilarious ways, Meifeng saw a chance and just when Anastasia was about to catch her, Meifeng slided under Anastasia's dress making another taunt "Nice Lingerie sweetie!"

Anastasia embarrassed, covered herself while Meifeng finally retrieved the stone. "And this is the part where eve@rything gets wild!" Upon touching the Stone Meifeng felt the air concentrating around her like a small tornado, Anastasia's face was red from shame and then red from Rage "NOT FAIR! THIS IS NOT FAIR!" she cried out, Elysia arrived helping her partner "Adaleiz, are you ok?" Adaleiz replied "Yes! Looks like we are more!" Elysia couldn't believe that the new member was the reckless Girl she tried to save a few moments ago "This... Is bad comedy!". The air formed a small cyclone that covered Meifeng and a bright Green Light shined from the eye of the cyclone, then it dissolved with Meifeng emerging dressed with a Green Uniform and her reaction was...

"A SKIRT?! I HAVE A SKIRT ON THIS?! WHAT'S WRONG WITH THIS ROCK?! GIVE ME MY PANTS BACK!" Anastasia took advantage of Meifeng's anger to attack however Meifeng's moves had a lot of energy that triggered her Aerokinesis and then it formed her weapon out of thin air "I materialized my own weapons which turned out to be Fans, that was the first time i felt i could do anything and everything that my Parents hated, however it was more about protecting the people than a personal matter... So I taunted Anastasia a bit more and her reaction when i told her i was a Girl and not a Boy was priceless, then with 2 powerful blows from my Fans, she could only retreat", Just after Anastasia's humiliating retreat, Meifeng is approached by Elysia and Adaleiz, Elysia wasn't very happy yet, she was more than satisfied that the Stone chose another Girl, Adaleiz then asked Meifeng about her name, Elysia pouted and said "Meifeng! Meifeng! MEIFENG WAKE UP!"

Present Day

"Wh-what i was..." Meifeng reacted confused to Elysia's calls, Elysia wasn't amused and then both started to argue, Aiko was smiling as she was sensing their respective Stones.

"You stood there like a statue! What is wrong with you?!" Elysia reprimands Meifeng while Meifeng fights back "I had some memories! What are you gonna do?! Arrest me?! We're not in your Country Princess!" Elysia was offended and pouted, then the argument kept going when out of the blue Aiko started clapping and laughing, the Girls stopped and looked at her classmate acting weird.

"Both of you! Are really entertaining, you carry the same item, you are very close to each other yet, you are complete opposites. I am really sorry that i have to end this, my Queen would love having you as a Comedy Duo for her amusement. But she cannot use the stones you carry as long as you are still alive"

Both Meifeng and Elysia were in shock, Meifeng bragged about it "HAH! I told ya!" only to be shut down by Elysia "I remind you that I had the bad feeling! Now we have to fight her!" Meifeng had a smile on her face "I was waiting the whole day to do this!" just as she was about to transform, Aiko used her magic to take control of the school and turn it into a twisted playground, then taunted the Girls while using a Dark Portal to move into another location of the School notr before addressing the now mind controlled Students and Crew "Attention everyone, this is your New Principal...

There are two Girls with cute pieces of Jewelry, your next assignment is to kill those Girls and bring me their Elemental Stones!". Elysia was more than stressed and told Meifeng to transform. "Even if we break Adaleiz's orders, we have to save those other innocent girls" Elysia explained Meifeng begrudgingly and reluctanctly stated "I have a feeling i'm regretting this so much!" and without anything else to add, both Girls transformed into their Knights' Uniform, summoned their weapons and started out facing off the Garden Monsters

As Elysia and Meifeng were facing not only the mind controlled civilians but also Plant creatures that Aiko also summoned, Meifeng had more flashbacks...

A Bitter Farewell...

It was 3 days after Meifeng became the Knight of the Wind and her whole world was turned upside down for her best... However there was a big Elephant in the Room...

"Mr. and Mrs. Yang, as Ambassador of the Kingdom of Majesteria and classmate of your Daughter, it will be my responsablility to take good care of her" Elysia had a hard time telling Meifeng's Parents due to not liking Meifeng at all and due to being a New Knight, she had to put her pride on the back for the sake of the growing Knights, Meifeng's Mother didn't said a word at the beginning, she was completely upset yet, was kind enough to reply "Please, please Make sure that my Daughter stay out of troubles!". As the Yangs kept talking with Elysia, Meifeng was waiting outside the house, Adaleiz was getting the car ready to leave and then she spotted Meifeng... "Are you leaving without saying at least a "Good Bye" to your Parents?" Adaleiz asked.

Meifeng just replied "We're... Not on good terms, is for the best. Less worries to them, Less worries for me, everybody wins!". Adaleiz frowned and then opened the car, as she was sitting on the driver's seat she told Meifeng "You should say something before anything happens. Becoming a Knight comes with a Great Price, if something happens to you, your parents will still care about you. And if something happens to them, you'll gonna regret it for the rest of your life"... Adaleiz' words made Meifeng think about it...

Back to reality

Meifeng keeps fighting as she thinks "Thing is that i was upset with my Parents, i did everything they wanted for most of my life so far, i wanted to do my own things... I didn't said good bye to them, nor i ever talked to them again, i can bet for sure they got over and most likely pretend that i didn't existed, I'm ok with my team and what i do... I still have a strong dislike for Skirts and wearing diapers, but that's a Story for another time... If we make it out of this!"

As the fight raged, very far away on the Yang's Residence, Meifeng's Parents are returning from their respective workplaces, The house is now decorated with all the awards and acolades that Meifeng has achieved since she was a little girl, as they head to their bedroom and they can't help but to stop in front of a door, Mr. Yang opens the door, It's Meifeng's bedroom, untouched. They would feel that their Daughter vanished from the face of Earth without Elysia updating them about Meifeng's whereabouts. The Yangs somberly resume their routine as they have hopes that their Daughter will ever talk to them again...

To Be Continued...

*016*2018-09-29 08:47

Hi! It has been a while since the last update, i've been busy with RL things, but decidedly to continue this story until the end!

Enjoy the long awaited Episode 8!

Episode 8 – Little High School of Horrors

As Aiko put her plans into motion by taking over the School, Meifeng and Elysia battles their way to get her. Unfortunately the risks are too high for the Knights right now...

"I will take care of the the plant creatures! Try to not harm the brainwashed Girls or the Staff!" Elysia commanded Meifeng only to be replied "And you thought Survival Horror games didn't had training values!" Meifeng waved her fans creating gusts of wind pushing back the Controlled Students. Elysia wan't very amused "Keep your focus Meifeng! This is NOT a stupid Game of yours!" Elysia reprimanded Meifeng while she swinged her Spear at a plant creature.

In the Pocket Dimension, Amaya was meditating after being healed, she kept her focus on Tess despite being defeated by a combination attack, Anastasia was wandering around the corridors, still upset about being constantly berated by her own partners and the Queen "Why?! Why?! WHY?! No matter how much effort i put into my mission, I keep being mistreated like this!" in the middle of her self loathing to find a very little known corridor, one with a Bright Blue Light, "Ok, i... I did not had any knowledge about this corridor... I wonder where this would lead..."

Anastasia thought as she was walking, following the light, upon reaching the gate, Anastasia found herself on a very peaceful garden... An Underwater Garden with a fountain in the center. The Bright Blue light acted as a Beacon, Anastasia was curious and ran towards the Fountain, her expression changed to a smug smile with the item she saw, then whispered to herself "Looks like... I have found something... How do the Earthlings call it? Ah yes... A Game Changer"

At the Embassy, Tess was laying on the Knight's Lounge Room sofa, covered with her favorite bed sheet, she was taking a nap while Adaleiz was taking her favorite Tea, she then sensed her stone and quickly tapped Tess' feet "Tess, wake up!", Tess, still groggy replied "Granny, Five more minutes please!", Adaleiz quickly told Tess "Tess! Mei and Elysia's School has been taken over by Magic we..." Adaleiz was cut short when Tess jumped out of the sofa and took Adaleiz' hand running to the action, on the Lobby, Fiametta was wrapping her day when she sensed the danger, as soon she saw Tess with Adaleiz, she followed them.

At the School, Elysia and Meifeng barely reached the School's Hallways, now looking like a Forest with more Zombie-like Students and Staff, Elysia was disgusted "This place is looking like a Swamp!" while Meifeng was a bit cheerful to Elysia's dismay "And pretty much smells like one! Get ready! We have a Welcome Comitee on our way!", Elysia quickly warned Meifeng "Remember, they're still innocent students! Under any Circumstances Do Not Hurt them!" Meifeng nodded and then used her fans to make more gusts of wind pushing the other girls like in the Garden, it also exposed a bit of her diaper, Elysia used her spear to cut the vines and leaves blocking the view.

In the Principal's Office, Aiko was having fun with the Brainwashed Principal. "Awww, you really look tired and frowny Miss... Janet. But i know what will bring you a smile!" Principal Janet was in a full trance, Aiko moved one of her fingers activating her magic, it's effects were immediate an in mere seconds Principal Janet went from her early 40's back into her mid Teens with her clothes a bit baggy, Aiko giggles as she watches the de aged Principal "Now we are going somewhere, yet, something is missing. Ah! I Know!" repeating her moves, Aiko transforms the baggy clothes into a proper School Uniform "There we go! Now... Be a good Student and wait outside my Office. I want you 100% Ready to welcome your classmates!" The de aged Principal could only say "Yes, my Principal..." And with that she moved to her post, Aiko then uses her magic to check on Elysia and Meifeng's status "Some people have to learn their lessons the hard way!"

Upon arriving the School's Block, Adaleiz, Tess and Fiametta went to an alley that leads to the School's Garden, halfaway they transformed with Adaleiz warning her teammates "Stay alert and keep your Diapers dry! Unlike our previous encounters with the War Lady, there's a lot of magic in here..." Fiametta made a question "Could it be that these instances are related to each other?", Adaleiz replied "Maybe, but if we want to find out, we have to move!". Tess anxious and concerned as a Team Mom commented "Whoever is behind this will have a Bad Day if i found my Girls hurt!". Upon entering the Gardens, they found a full Rainforest instead of a Garden and traces of a battle, Adaleiz, Fiametta and Tess were alert with Adaleiz commenting "It started here, I can feel Mei and Elysia's Stones being activated here and left a trace this way!" Pointing out with her Charged Halberd, she lead the Knights to their Teammates.

On the Pocket Dimension, Anastasia was very secretive lurking on every corridor as possible, she ended up stumbling upon Amaya which made Anastasia react in fear however, upon further inspection, she noticed that Amaya was actually sleeping making her breath relieved, soon Anastasia resumed her way to a undisclosed location out of Amaya, Aiko and even the Dark Queen's sights.

Back at the School, Meifeng and Elysia were closer to Aiko, but due to the Brainwashed civilians, their chase has been slow to not hurt anyone, Meifeng was upset "AH! This is frustating! I want to punch and cut with my fans!" Elysia was annoyed with Meifeng's requests, yet, she praised her sense of Duty and Responsability about not harming innocent people and yet she bickered a bit "You really managed to control yourself Meifeng! I commend you for that and don't worry, i will give you the honor to punch that Girl first!". With Elysia's words, Meifeng then made a smile and replied "I'm gonna give that girl the beating of her life!" Meifeng then created more gusts of wind to push back the civilians.

Way behind, Adaleiz, Fiametta and Tess were being attacked with living vines, Adaleiz and Tess' attacks were ineffective and much to their dismay it really empowered the plants up to the point of wrapping them causing them pain. Fiametta complained "This is... Painful! AGH!" still holding to her Fire Sword, Fiametta heated up her Sword causing the vines to shake out of pain and drop the Girls. The Trio knew how to proceed now and Fiametta lead the Knights with Adaleiz holding back the plants with her Halberd, Tess stunning the plants with her Mace and Fiametta finishing them with Fire Slashes. Adaleiz smiled "Good work Knights! But we're still behind! Mei and Elysia might be in more serious troubles! Let's go!" The Knights resumed their chase.

On the Pocket Dimension, Anastasia returned to the main lobby with Amaya still meditating however she didn't bothered to notice her presence, the Queen was absent, the perfect moment to sneak right into her own private room which was also off limits of The Queen's omnipresence. Once there Anastasia, with a sinister smile found a place for her new found "Game Changer", she whispered again "It is too soon to let those insignificant fools know that you exist... I have to make preparations for you!"

At School, Meifeng and Elysia were in front of Aiko's location, however they were being held back by the Younger Principal Janet and more mind controlled students, to make the things worse the students began to mutate into plant golems, Meifeng quickly complained "REALLY?! Are we still gonna play with plants and went from Easy to Very Hard?!" The creatures rushed to the duo only to be pushed back by Meifeng's whirlwinds, Elysia felt a bit worried due to her Electric powers having no effect on the creatures.

"Hold them down! I think i have a plan to stop them without hurting them!". Unfortunately the creatures' vines caught Elysia, Meifeng tried to help her only to stopped by her friend "Do not worry about me! Find Aiko, NOW!" Meifeng hestitated "But... I'm not leaving without you!", Elysia replied to Meifeng as the vines were getting tight "Hnnggh... What are you... hnnngggh... Doing?! FIND HER AND DEFEAT HER! IT IS A ROYAL ORDER!" the vines were getting tighter causing Elysia to scream out of pain, as she screamed out loud, she began to wet herself thus, cancelling her transformation.

Elysia's scream was loud enough to be heard by the remaining Knights as they were making her way to catch up, Tess was alarmed "ELYSIA!" Tess was enraged as she ran slamming anything with her Mace on her way, "TESS WAIT! We have to continue! Let's go!" Adaleiz commanded to Fiametta

Aiko was watching on the hijacked office, and she was delighted "I really love this little game... Too bad everything must come to an end"

Outside, Meifeng still holding her enemies with her wind was trying to figure out how to release her Friend. Things were getting worse as she felt a small spurt on her diaper, she then focus her effort on hold her weak bladder "No, not now!", just when Meifeng was about to give up a voice broke the silence "STAY AWAY FROM MY GIRLS!", Tess was arriving to the scene slamming every vine, behind her Adaleiz and Fiametta were finishing off the vines, then they focused their attacks on the vine that was holding Elysia, Tess was quick to catch an unconscious Elysia to safety, Adaleiz helped Meifeng who was reluctant to wet herself, "Mei, it's dangerous for you to keep holding, we will pick it up from here, Tess! Take care of them!" Adaleiz made her orders however Meifeng disagreed.

"N-no! That crazy bitch put everything upside down here, and i'm not going to let her get away with it! Please! Let me face her!", Meifeng's knight uniform soon began to flicker back and forth with her school uniform due to having started to wet herself. Adaleiz comforted Meifeng, "Hey! I know our mission is to stop them before they hurt innocent people, this is just some warning about it, but your health is also important, Let Tess take care of you or..." Meifeng was stressed enough and simply replied "Sorry Adaleiz! I can't let this go without puching that bitch in the face before!" and with a pair of weak gusts of wind causing Adaleiz, Fiametta and Tess to cover their faces while their skirts were flapping exposing their diapers, Meifeng took the chance to continue her way chasing Aiko.

While this was happening, Aiko was delightfully enjoying the scene, she stood up from the Principal's Chair and transformed her Princess Dress into a Battle Armor, not before whispering "Like i said... Everything must come to an end..."

In the Pocket Dimension, Amaya ended her meditation with a resolution "Damsel Knights... Your luck has come to an end..."

At School, Meifeng was hell bent on taking down Aiko, Adaleiz was upset at her rebellious mood, then she looked at Fiametta and Tess "Tess, take care of Elysia, Fiametta, let's go!"

Both Knights nodded and soon Adaleiz and Fiametta chased Meifeng who was just arriving to the Office where Aiko was patiently waiting.

Meifeng was building up enough wind to create a typhoon and screamed out loud "YOU'RE GOING DOWN!", Aiko was just smiling and giggling "Looks like you have not learned your lesson! But do not worry! I will help you!" Aiko then used her magic to summon a Battle Baton.

Meifeng waited no more and released her charged wind power on her fans, the whirlwind was heading straight to Aiko, and with just a single move of her Battle Baton a Dark Portal of a different color appeared and absorbed the attack, Meifeng was in shock "What the?! Oh no! You didn't!", Aiko replied with a giggle as she opened up another portal behind Meifeng, redirecting her own attack at her, Meifeng was blown straight crashing to the wall with Aiko taunting her.

"You are really an example of an Airhead!", as Aiko resumed her laughing taunt, Meifeng could barely get back on her feet, she let go herself a bit during the crash as her diaper was getting even more soaked causing her Knight uniform to flicker again, in pain she shouted "Is that all what you've got? I've seen better tricks online! Your portals are getting old!", Aiko stopped her laughter and made a serious face "Shush!" she moved her Baton and out of the blue more vines popped up wrapping up Meifeng in a similar manner to what they did with Elysia, Meifeng was trying to hold the pain a bit more but the pressure was too much for her and screamed out of pain.

Aiko was now enjoying Meifeng's screams as it was Classical Music "A suitable end for such arrogant and rude person like you! My Queen will be pleased when i hand over your Wind Stone to her!". In the middle of her pain, Meifeng was reflecting "This... Hurts... But i can't ... I can't let that bitch to win in a cheap manner! I have to figure out something! My bladder can't take it anymore but i don't have any changes available!"

As Adaleiz and Fiametta were close, her stones reacted on a very dangerous manner indicating them of Meifeng's dire situation. Alarmed, Adaleiz told Fiametta "We have to hurry up! Mei's running out of time!"

Aiko kept taunting Meifeng "Keep screaming, your pain is Entertainment for me! And do not expect to be rescued a second time in a row... I have one big surprise for your beloved friends!" Aiko resumed her taunting laughter as Meifeng kept screaming out of pain...

To Be Continued...

*019*2018-10-01 04:04

{{On 9/29/2018 at 10:14 AM, Melificentfan said:

Come on girls you can defeat akio man that was a excellent chapter

}}

Thank you for your support! There's more to come!

{{On 9/29/2018 at 5:51 PM, Ghostblade913 said:

Can you try separating the paragraphs a bit more it’s a little hard to read

}}

Will do on the Next Episode, then i'll be editing the previous episodes to correct some typos, then i'll edit the previous episodes so they can be in line with the newer episodes. Thank you for your feedback! :)

*020*2018-11-02 05:42

Hi! Gonna add some fillers while Episode 9 is on the works! Please enjoy!

Damsel Profiles

Name: Fiametta Gabrielli

Age: 23

Occupation: Journalist

Stone: Fire

Weapon: Fire Sword

Special Attack: Fire Slash

A recently graduated Journalist, Optimistic and Eager, Fiametta is someone that won't stop until she find the answers to the questions she might have. She's also a little bit of a slacker and has self doubts, luckily for her she has her Mother on her side with a healthy Mother-Daughter relationship.

Being diapered is for now the big issue on her life, while the Other Knights have no problems with Privacy as they took residence on the Majesterian Embassy, Fiametta still lives with her Mother, her fear is that her Mother finds out about the Diapers or her new found Powers. Even at the Embassy with the other Knights, Fiametta is still shy about walking the room while padded.

Upon accidentally becoming a Knight in the middle of a battle for the Fire Stone, Fiametta has shown a lot of unexplored potential and with the proper training, she might become a formidable Warrior Girl.

*022*2018-11-02 06:10

{{21 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent and I love the pic

}}

Thank you.

I have more images, for each Knight and I'm still honing my drawing skills.

More to come!

*023*2018-11-03 08:01

I'm back with another Profile! This time it's:

Name: Adaleiz Solberg

Age: 20

Occupation: Engineer Student

Stone: Light

Weapon: Halberd of Light

Special Attack: Bright Light Charge

The Leader of the Damsel Knights by finding her Light Stone two years prior, when she was just a Counselor at a Summer Camp. Adaleiz is a very strategic girl and always follows what her cool brain process. She has a no nonsense attitude when comes to battle.

She has come to terms with being diapered very quickly, embraces it and has no problem at all when she uses them, changes herself or change her team mates. The other Knights shows nothing but respect for their leader, however, Adaleiz has her own doubts and fears like her team mates.

Adaleiz only wants her team to succeed and will help them out when she considers it up to the point to entrust the help of her second in command (Tess) with extra training. She had a premonition of Fiametta joining the Knights before meeting her for the first time as she believes based on that dream that, Fiametta is the Key to turn the tide on the Battle against the Dark Queen and her Subordinates.

