Darksyn's Omo and Yuri Fiction Commission Thread

Author: Darksyn

*000*2019-04-07 22:42

Hello, everyone! It's been some time since I've been active on the forums, but I am indeed back, though mostly lurking. Today I kinda want to change that.

See, I'm pretty limited in the disposable income department right now, and so I've decided to open up commissions. I have posted a few stories in the past, and if you're looking for detailed smut, or even cutesy stories about comfort and warm fuzzies (that coincidentally feature omo or queer women), I'm your gal.

I'm not comfortable writing by word count quite yet, as commission work is quite new to me. For the first few pieces of work, I am charging $5.00USD per piece, and each piece should be a drabble long enough to fit in any omorashi-related themes, plus perhaps a sex scene if desired. Turnaround should be quick, and I am all too happy to keep these private or post them in another thread collecting my various commished scenes.

I have a fairly comprehensive list of what I do write, and a list of what I won't. Starting with the latter...

I won't write: Male omorashi, heterosexual relationships/sex, underage (This is pointedly very illegal in my country, and absolutely non-negotiable), hard scat, non-con, ponies, or piss drinking.

I WILL write: Female omorashi (Both wetting and soiling/messing/pantypooping, whatever your preferred term for it may be), F x F relationships and sex, age differences, kemonomimi ('nekos'), watersports (minus the above exception), diapers, ageplay, anthro (Though I am inexperienced with it, don't expect too much!), intentional 'accidents', transfemme (binary or nonbinary) characters, polyamory adult, sister/sister incest, adult incest between older and younger characters (Mother/Daughter, Aunt/Niece, etc), public accidents, fear accidents, rule 63/genderswapped characters, and (especially in drabble form) Porn Without Plot.

I am fairly familiar with a few settings from anime and games, and to a minor degree with certain comics, book series, and so forth. In no particular order, I am quite comfortable writing within...

Sword Art Online (OCs only, please) Overlord, Familiar of Zero (Specifically crossovers), Warhammer 40k (Imperium/AdMech, Chaos, Tau, and willing to bend canon), FFXIV with OCs, Bloodborne, and original fiction (medium and soft sci-fi, high and low fantasy, contemporary non-school settings.

Anything not on the above list will either take me a refresher if I'm passingly familiar, or at least a little research if I am not. If I am simply not interested or opposed to a certain setting, I will not write it, though I try to keep open minded.

Commissions are officially open, and I have two open slots remaining. Post in here and PM me if you want me to work on something, and specify if you'd like it private or public. If something isn't on my list of 'nopes' I might be able to manage it, so go ahead and ask.

*002*2019-04-10 17:25

{{On 4/8/2019 at 1:40 AM, Keita123 said:

How would you accept payment? I can only pay through disposable credit cards and amazon gift cards. Paypal refuses to work for me unfortunately.

}}

At this time, only Paypal, sorry. :<

