That winning smile

Author: daniel2

*000*2017-12-02 03:33

WARNING I'M NOT A WRITER I'M JUST DOING MY PART IN THE DEAL

Grace is a 26 year old blonde, blue eyed slim lady wearing a short sleeved blouse and a pair of blue jeans. She always wears her favorite red lipstick, which her husband loves. That winning smile may captured the heart of her husband but the game on the tv screen certainly captured her attention. Grace had downed several drinks already but she was so focused on the game she hasn't even payed attention to her bladder.

Eventually she starts fidgeting and decides to go right when commericals start. She looks across the living room and sees the bathroom. She crosses and uncrosses her legs and patiently waits until commercal break.

Her bladder starts to really fill up... it's commercial break and a commercial is playing showing a new sprinkler set. The sprinklers flowing make her want to pee even more so she decides to run off to pee. She runs to the door and to her luck, the door is locked. Her husband is in there. "Honey are you in there?"

"just a moment" her husband responds. Grace is bobbing up and down ans biting her lip. She looks at the tv from across the living room and sees a commercial for some japanese style toilet they are now selling in the u.s.

"This japanese inspired toilet shoots out water and cleans you right up" shouts the announcer.

This puts grace's bladder to overdrive. She starts holding her crotch and bobbing up and down much faster. She hears the flushing of the toilet, followed by her husband turning on the sink to wash his hands. This is sheer torture for grace. Grace's husband opens the door and she finally sees sweet relief. Suddenly, grace's son runs down the stairs and says that he really has to go number 2. He dashes past grace before she even got a chance to step into the bathroom. The bell rings.

It's her in laws. They seem to be in a hurry because their children and her son have to attend the school play (they are the actors) Grace's son finishes his business and the whole family walks out of the house. Grace didn't get to pee because her in laws kep saying that they were going to be late.

Grace was absolutely bursting in the passanger seat of her husband's car. She was biting her lip and crossing her legs tightly. She bent down and held hee crotch. "are you ok ma"

"yea son..." grace said with a strain in her voice. Her son started drinking from his water bottle. The bottle had one of those pump things in the tip where you squeeze the bottle and it shoots a stream to your mouth. It makes a little watery noise which was more torture for yours truly. Her pretty blue eyes began to water. They made it to the school. It wasn't very far. Grace's bladder was rock hard.

They were almost late to the play but grace still ran to the bathrooms and told her family that she would catch up. The ladies room was closed for cleaning. Grace bent down and gasped for air. She never had to pee so bad in her life. She had no choice but to make it to the auditorium and see her son at the play.

Grace was sitting next to her husband shaking her thighs uncontrollably. She saw a kid drinking loudly from a large cup of soda with straw on it. Her forehead starts to sweat. The play is "Sleeping beauty" she is very proud of her son even considering her circumstance. 20 minutes pass and grace is at her bursting point. The intermission was about to start and it was finally her chance to run off to pee. It turns out that the intermission was cut short and they decided to wrap it up.

She still was about run off but her husband held her hand because he wanted them to see the kissing scene. Her son was the one to kiss the "princess" after all. Another curtain opened up behind the actors showing a square tub and a waterfall flowing. Grace was sweating even more. She was crossing her legs super tightly and she was bouncing up and down. The waterfall flowing made her want to pee right then and there. A little bit leaked into her panties. "I have to pee sweetie" she whispered to her husband. "It's almost done baby"

Grace's son kissed the princess and everyone gave them a round of applause. Grace's winning smile was showing even with all this sheer torture. Grace quickly dashed out to the ladies. It was open. Bad part was that the line was super long.

She drips a little bit into her jeans. She looks down into her pants and sees a wet spot. 10 minutes passed and the line went rather quickly. Grace just needed to wait for one more person. She tried to drown out the sound of the sink being used, but couldn't. A small spurt leaked. Her panties were even more wet. After two minutes she heard the toilet flush and the door open. The flush made her leak a little bit. She ran to the door. She noticed people behind her who were probably bursting as well. Her bladder was almost swollen. She couldn't take her zipper off. She was taking so long trying to take her zipper off that she made the people behind her impatient. One lady starts to bang on the door. "Oh fuck off I can't get this damn zipper out" grace yelled. The lady responded, "i'll get you out" the absolute madwoman crawled down the stall opened it and kicked grace out. Grace ran off to find another bathroom. All the stalls were still full.

Grace was in the school hallways and she was looking for someone to tell her where the other bathroom is. Another spurt shot into her panties. She found a teacher. "is- there a...ny other bathrooms?" She can't even form the sentence properly. The teacher pointed to the direction in the other side of the hall. Before grace got to run to that bathroom she couldn't hold it anymore. A heavy stream started pouring out of her and she couldn't control it. The stream was running down her legs and her blue jeans were soaked. "EWW" a student yelled. Surrounding students began to point and laugh. Grace's eyes began to well up.

She cried tears of both joy an embarrassment because of how good it felt and because of how messed up this all is. Her arms were crossed, she felt defenseless. It appeared as the whole room was laughing. "I'm so sorry" grace shrieked with tears in her eyes. A janitor rushed in and cleaned up the mess. Grace and her family ran out of the school. Grace had her head down. She didn't even want to look back. Her son hugged her. "it's ok ma we all make mistakes" her husband was quiet. The car felt like it was miles away. A small breeze felt ever colder in her pants soaked like a wet sponge. The farther she was from the school, the lighter the weight of the humiliation became. They made their way to the car and Grace's husband drove into the night.

For a short drive it sure felt like long ride. Grace's husband broke the silence. "I guess I'll be the one attending parent teacher night from now on" Grace smiled and her kid begins to crack up. That winning smile. They stopped at a red light and Grace's husband kissed her. "I forgot to ask about the game, did we win?" Grace looked into his eyes "Yeah we won"

