Chaillet Family Vacation

Author: dolodi

*000*2018-02-21 07:43

Hey everyone! I've been absent a while, but I'm back, and I think this time for good while! I have a couple stories I'm working on, and this is the beginning of but one of them. As this is the introduction, I used it to set up the rest of the vacation, and showcase some of the omo content. I promise as the story progresses there will be more instances of desperation and on some occasions, wetting; however, I am a fan of plot and want to hopefully balance the two. Other than that, please enjoy what I have to offer, and let me know what you think in the comments!

“Damn that turbulence was fucking insane!” Erika exclaimed as she walked off the plane.

“Erika Chaillet,” her mother Amy chided, “Watch your tongue!”

“Well, she wasn’t wrong,” her little sister Kiera muttered under her breath.

The Chaillet family had just flown from the States to Europe to for their first ever family cruise. Andrew Chaillet had gotten a promotion at his job while Amy had gotten an end of the year bonus, so they decided to splurge a little —or a lot— on a 10-day cruise around the Mediterranean. As a family, they did well for themselves, and decided to stay in Spain for a few days after the Cruise.

“Hurry now! We have to get a connecting flight, and we were delayed because of the storm, we’re actually quite lucky they allowed us to land so soon, else we may have missed it.” Andrew urged his family. “But Dad! I need to go to the bathroom! I couldn’t on the plane because of the turbulence!” Claire complained.

“Maybe if we get to the gate with time to spare, but right now we need to hurry,” Andrew stated with a sympathetic glance to his youngest daughter. Claire merely groaned, but picked up her pace.

~

The Chaillet family lived in Florida and belonged to a nice suburban neighborhood that allowed them to send their kids to one of the best schools in the State. The eldest daughter, Riley would be a senior in college following summer. She was 21 with brunette hair flowing to around her shoulders. She stood around 5’7” and had an otherwise petite frame. The entirety of the Chaillet women held smaller frames. Pert breasts, and firm butts. Erika often claimed they were bred for the beach.

Both Riley and her younger sister Erika (5’7”), who is 20, had blue eyes with brunette hair. Their younger sisters Kiera (the tallest of the girls at 5’9”) and Claire (5’5”), 17 and 15 respectively had blonde hair and hazel eyes. Their mother Amy stood at 5’6” with blonde hair and blue eyes, with the respectable age of 45. Andrew stood tallest among the family at 5’10” with brown hair and hazel eyes. He was a fit man for 47 and could usually be seen wearing a pair of glasses for his rather terrible eyesight.

~

Andrew’s slightly longer gait was eating up the ground faster than was comfortable for the other 5, but they managed to navigate the airport well enough. Erika noticed Riley lag a little bit due to her rapid texting. Knowing their parents wouldn’t be pleased with them using their international data so soon, she fell back a bit to see what was up.

“What’s up with you?” she inquired.

“Oh, so you know that guy I told you about on the way to the airport? He texted me right before they made us turn off our electronics.” Riley gushed. She had been pining after this guy most of spring semester, but he had been in a relationship.

“Really? That’s awesome!” Erika high-fived Riley, looking back, realized they had lost sight of the other four. “Shit.”

~

“Last call: Boarding flight 231 to Salerno, Italy” the message could be heard throughout that portion of the airport.

Andrew ran the last couple of yards, slightly out of breath, “Yes! That’s us, we made it! Whew, that was a close one.” He rambled to the airline employee. The women smiled at him, “That you did! Tickets?”

Andrew withdrew six tickets and handed them to her, “Alright ladies, let’s board!”

“But Dad, can I use the bathroom really quick please? It’s right there!” Claire exclaimed, squeezing her thighs slightly, pleading with her eyes. Before Andrew could answer, he noticed Riley and Erika were missing. “Where’s your sisters?”

“Sir I must insist you all board, the gate will close with or without your family in 2 minutes.” The attendant insisted.

“Umm alright,” he turned to Amy, “Bring Kiera and Claire on board, I’ll follow once I find the other two.” And quickly backtracked a couple dozen yards.

~

“Last call: Boarding flight 231 to Salerno, Italy”

“Isn’t that our plane?” Riley asked Erika. “Oh fuck, Dad’s going to kiiilllll us. Do you remember what the gate was?”

Instead Riley grabbed Erika’s hand and hopped on a couple of benches to look for their family.

~

Andrew was relieved when he saw his two wayward daughter a top a bench, and quickly brought them to the gate with him. “Hey, gate still open?” He asked out of breath.

“Just in time, enjoy your flight,” the attendant smiled and waved them through.

~

“What were you two thinking, we could’ve missed our flight!” Andrew chided his two eldest. The girls mumbled their apologies, and sat in the only empty seats on an entirely packed plane. The plane started moving, when they heard an argument break out in the back of the plane. They saw their mother talking to one of the flight attendants before giving up and ushering a blushing Claire back to her seat next to the girls. “What was that all about?” Riley asked her youngest sister.

“I really need to pee, but they won’t let me use the bathroom until we’re in the air. Something about a liability to have passengers moving around while the plane is taxiing.”

“Shit I’m sorry sis.” Erika eyed her sympathetically, noticing her tightly crossed legs, her arms similarly crossed tight against her developing chest. At least she has the aisle seat so she can book it to the bathroom when the seatbelt sign comes off. Erika thought to herself.

~ 30 minutes later ~

“This is fucking bullshit.” Claire seethed under her breath. The flight had been delayed for takeoff due to inclement weather. Her foot was shaking rapidly as she steadfastly tried to ignore her bladder sending her urgent signals. She was about to get up and use the facilities, when the coms came to life, “Sorry for the delay, we are being taxied onto the runway as we speak. We will be in the air in the next 5 minutes. We expect heavy turbulence on the ascent, but we should level out and then you will be free to walk about the cabin.”

Claire groaned, breaking Erika from her daydream. She glanced at her baby sister and admired her resolve, noticing her chewing on her lip and her hands curled tightly into fists. Seeing Claire’s dilemma however, made her realize she hadn’t peed in quite some time. She had used the bathroom on the first flight but that was at least 5 hours ago. She resolved to get up with Claire so she could go as well. She was once again broken from her reverie by Claire when she asked, “Hey, I’m going to try and doze off a bit. Wake me up when the seatbelt sign comes off? Please?” Erika could hear the crack in her voice and knew things were getting dire. She didn’t blame Claire for trying to sleep so she didn’t have to think about how badly she needed to pee.

~

*Ding* The light came off 45 minutes later. 45 minutes of agonizing turbulence even for someone like Erika who didn’t need to pee that badly, she had actually loosened her seatbelt so it didn’t jostle her bladder. She gently shook Claire awake, “Hey sleepy head, you can finally pee.”

Claire’s eyes snapped open and her hands jammed into her crotch scrunching her jean short shorts into her pelvis. “Fucking finally!” She gingerly undid her seatbelt with one hand, and slowly rose into the aisle and began making her way to the restroom. To her dismay there was college aged girl wearing a blue summer dress in front of her pleadingly knocking on the door. “Please hurry Katie! I can’t last much longer!” Her one hand scrunched into her cotch, pushing her dress up to reveal her toned thighs, quivering from exertion. She routinely bent over slightly in hopes to help her hold. This girl was unashamedly desperate, something Claire wished the girl would stop doing because she was about to pop herself and this girl’s obvious desperation was not helping her keep her mind off her very urgent need.

Erika sidled up behind Claire and noticed her bop routinely as if to curtsie, one hand jammed in her crotch, and remained proud of her lil sis for keeping her composure unlike the quivering wreck ahead of Claire.

Suddenly the girl in the dress at the front sobbed, “No!” Her body stiffened as an audible splash could be heard, and a small stream could be seen glistening down her thigh as Erika noticed the bathroom door slide open and ‘Katie’ stare in horror at her friend having an accident. Erika also noticed Claire stiffen, eyes probably transfixed on the accident, before she pushed Claire into the open bathroom, before she had an accident too.

~

Claire jolted in shock as she was hurriedly pushed into the open bathroom and gave a silent prayer of thanks to her sister and locked the door behind her, because witnessing the accident in front of her had been too much for her tortured bladder. She had spurted in her panties, and now in the enclosed space of the bathroom she finally doubled over and fought to keep it together. Suddenly there was a pound on the door that almost elicited another spurt from Claire, “No, it was my turn!” She heard a sob. This snapped her out of her feverish dance, and she carefully removed one hand from her crotch so she could unclasp her belt. She struggled with this before she finally decided to use two hands, letting her quivering thighs hold back her impending flood.

She had to double over and stop as she felt a wave of desperation hit her, but tackled her button once her belt was undone. She felt another leak, and scrunched her eyes, tears of desperation running down her cheek. Once her button sprung open, there was no stopping the flood. As swiftly as she could, she yanked down her short shorts and panties, only causing minimal damage to the former, the latter being thoroughly soaked. She sat down heavily and peed for what felt like 10 minutes, but, in reality was closer to 2 minutes. She felt the plane jostle slightly, and chided herself for getting caught in a borderline orgasmic reverie. She suddenly noticed that the outside of the bathroom was oddly silent, and looked up to also notice that the seatbelt sign was back on. She once again sent up a silent prayer of thanks to her sister, and felt mildly bad for blue dress girl.

She finished up, wiped her tears away, and made her way back to her seat. “Hey Erika,” Claire nudged her sister, “What’s up?” Erika said as she took an earphone out, “Thanks.” Claire smiled up at her.

Erika merely smiled back putting returning her earphone to her ear, wriggled a bit, and crossed her legs.

