World of Warcraft - Random Short Stories (Messing) - Page 2

Author: DsGSilver

*031*2017-04-16 08:01

Did somebody say "Big Update"? I think somebody said "Big Update". Hope everyone enjoys!

Also, where should the party go after this chapter's adventure? If people want to vote, or just throw out a suggestion, I'll gladly take a look at it!

###

“So...” Beili spoke, trying to wrap her head around the news, “You sensed some sort of evil mumbo-jumbo in the forest,” she continued, waving her arms for effect, “and figured it had to be our lovable priest?”.

“She carries the taint of the Old Gods,” Ashiana said with all the certainty and authority she could muster. She and the others all sat in a circle. Ashiana simply knelt with her knees on the ground, trying not to further antagonize the poop that sat in her panties, still warm. Cassie more or less mimicked this pose, though her tight, metal bikini “armor” had already completed the task of smooshing her mess up against her. Bhalna simply sat cross-legged, a large, wet stain visible on her pants. Beili, unlike the others who had soiled themselves, willingly sat on her butt, feeling the mess spread across her rear. Her armor had been destroyed, and so she sat in only her very clearly ruined underwear.

“I don’t! I swear I’m not a shadow priest!” Bhalna shouted. Ashiana seemed unconvinced.

Ashiana seemed to consider things for a moment, then gave off a defeated sigh, “It appears I was… mistaken,” she said, the word “mistaken” carrying more venom than a cobra, “An acolyte of the Old Gods would reveal themselves if their lives were threatened. Instead, you urinated on yourself, so I think you may be telling the truth,”.

Though Bhalna blushed at the mention of her accident, she smiled at the night elf’s admission.

“Besides,” the druid continued, “I now believe it is a different manner of corruption entirely that haunts this land,”.

“Meaning?” Cassie asked.

“I believe agents of undeath are at work,”.

“Undead? Here?” Cassie replied, “We haven’t seen any here. We were on our way to kill some in the Plaguelands, though,”.

“You seek to slay the undead?”

“I was taking these two to help me help the Argent Dawn, yes,” Beili added.

“Then perhaps we could help each other,”

“You want to team up?” Beili asked, pointing a finger at the elf.

“You could help me cleanse the land, and I can help you with the Argent Dawn,”.

“You want to go with us into the Plaguelands?” Beili questioned, skeptically.

“Consider it my apology for wrongfully attacking your party,” She stood, and proudly placed a hand on her (ample) chest, “If you’d have me, I will happily help you destroy the undead,”.

The other three looked at each other, then Cassie spoke, “I’m not entirely certain that we-”

“Welcome aboard!” Beili said happily, possibly not even realizing she’d interrupted her lover.

“Beili!” Cassie angrily said.

“What?”.

“How do we know she won’t just stab us in the back?”

“She hasn’t yet,”.

“It’s been five minutes!”

“Five minutes is a long time to spend with someone you plan to kill. If she wanted to keep fighting, she probably would have,”.

“The pandaren is correct,” Ashiana intervened, looking at Cassie, “I am a woman of my word. I say I will help you if you help me, and I mean it,”.

“Bhalna, you have to have an opinion on this,” Cassie looked to the dwarf.

“She, um, she seems sincere,” Bhalna sheepishly replied.

Cassie sighed, seeing she was the only one who didn’t trust their new addition. “Fine” she conceded, “you can tag along, but I’ll be watching you,”.

“Splendid. Now, I am very eager to put on clean clothes,”.

###

Hours later, the group arrived at a human town in the region. They certainly got a lot of looks, as dirty and exhausted as they were. And the fact that one of them was still in her underwear. Which was visibly soiled. Beili didn’t seem to mind the stares one bit. It wasn’t cheap, but they each acquired clean clothes, and a room in the town’s inn for the night. They had retired here, and were each asleep in a nice, warm bed. Much better than the tents and dirt they’d been sleeping in. Bhalna and Ash each had their own beds, while Cassie and Beili shared one.

Cassie was roused from her sleep as she noticed a sudden warmth around her thighs, and her partner’s sudden, relaxed breath. Beili was still asleep, but her face had become the image of relief. As more notably wet warmth continued to pool in the space between the two ladies, Cassie had a feeling she knew what relief her panda friend was feeling. She lifted their blanket a bit, and, sure enough, a strong stream was still pouring from Beili’s crotch, wetting the red fabric of her panties. She thought about waking her friend up, and cleaning up the bed, but…

She thought of much Beili enjoyed this sort of thing, and how much she herself had begun to like it. She was still nowhere near Beili’s level of liking to wet and mess herself, but still, she certainly did enjoy it. She ran her hand up her lover’s very wet thigh, until she reached Beili’s soaked crotch. As her hand touched it, more pee flowed out, getting the human’s hand wet. Cassie closed her eyes and sighed. She did buy lots of spare panties, considering the track record on her adventures; and she was already lying in a puddle of urine.

She rolled onto her belly, gave the slightest push, and felt her bladder begin to release. Hot liquid bliss pooled between her legs before spreading and soaking into the mattress, joining Beili’s release. Her black panties were thoroughly wet now. She rolled back over, onto her back, feeling the wetness begin soaking into the other side of her panties, as well. She slid her right hand under the waistband of her underwear, and it found its way to her privates. As she started to touch herself, sitting in the massive puddle of urine, she wondered why she’d been so hesitant to do this in the past. If she and Beili didn’t have two other party members who found this hobby disgusting, they’d never be dry again. As her hand rubbed and massaged herself, she began remembering the times when she and Beili had gone in their underwear.

She understood now just how much she loved the sight of Beili in a pair of totally wet and soiled panties. With this visual in mind, she doubled down on her efforts, and gave a sharp breath as she climaxed. With the last of her energy spent, and her bladder relieved, she returned to sleep.

###

“Can you two seriously not hold your urine for twenty minutes?” Ash inquired cynically.

“Of course we can,” Beili answered, smiling, “but what fun is there in that?”.

“The ‘fun’ comes from knowing you didn’t wet yourself like a toddler,”.

“We have drastically different definitions of ‘fun’, Ash,”.

“Accidents happen a lot around these two,” Bhalna added.

Beili was equipping her newly repaired set of black and red plate armor. She had no idea how the blacksmith was able to turn a bunch of charred scraps back into armor, but she didn’t question it. Cassie had set to work attempting to clean the mattress, to no avail. Once Beili had her armor on, she walked over and nonchalantly flipped the mattress over, so its non-stained side was showing.

“The inn never has to know,” the panda smirked.

Cassie had opted to wear some more proper armor, considering they were likely about to be neck-deep in undead. Dark blue steel encased her body from head-to-toe, and a proud Alliance tabard, bearing the white, gold, and blue lion of Stormwind adorned her chest. Her armor somewhat resembled classic human knight armor.

Bhalna had found some priestly white robes that she now wore. They had little patterns and gems woven into them.

Ashiana had simply put on another outfit she had on her: a dark purple set of clothes with some metal/leather armor augmenting them.

Leaving the scene of the secretly ruined mattress, the party left the inn, allowing Ash to lead the way, since she could sense the corruption.

###

Perhaps the source of the corruption had been smaller yesterday, and that’s why Ash couldn’t properly track it. One thing is for sure: if it had been small, it most certainly wasn’t anymore. A massive horde of ghouls, skeletons, and ghosts were rampaging around the area. The horde was currently situated in a large basin, picking the remains of some village clean, and the party was able to see most of them from the edge.

“W-w-we’re g-going to be f-fighting that?” Bhalna stuttered nervously.

“Looks that way,” Beili responded. She glanced over to give Bhalna a reassuring look, but her smile dropped a little when she noticed some piss hitting the ground after flowing down Bhalna’s right leg. It didn’t look like she had peed too much, but what had come out of her was collecting in a little pool around her right foot. The dwarf’s white robes hid the true extent of her accident, but Beili could see plainly just how much their priest disliked the undead. In truth, Bhalna couldn’t even tell she had just wet herself, she was too fixated on the horde of horrifying monsters they were about to charge into.

Of course, an army of zombies is enough to put anyone on edge. While Ash and Beili were eager to get to fighting, Cassie was not as excited. As she observed the undead horde, her bladder pulsed a couple of times, ejecting short jets of pee into her tight, black panties. As she tried to brace herself for the coming battle, she felt the intermittent spurts turn into a consistent dribbling, with several drops leaking out in rapid succession. Warmth very slowly enveloped her privates, and she could feel more than a few droplets flowing down either of her legs.

“Well,” Beili said, hoisting up her red and black runesword, “they’re not getting any deader,”. With that, she charged towards them. Cassie and Bhalna struggled to move their legs for a moment, but Ash immediately charged forward in the form of a great tiger. In seeing her lover’s bravery, Cassie found her motivation, and began to charge.

Midway through the party’s charge, the rampaging horde caught sight of Beili and Ash, and turned to attack. The first ghoul to lunge at Beili was immediately sliced in half by her large sword. The next had no better luck, as a downward slash cuts its skull in half. Ghouls began to surround her completely, and so she spun with her blade outstretched, cutting down over ten ghouls at once.

Ash was unleashing a massive barrage of spells, turning the undead either into ash or compost. Blasts of sunfire rained from the sky, incinerating whole packs of ghouls. The pinkish-blue bolts of starsurges shot from her hands, instantly obliterating the stronger undead.

Finally, Cassie arrived, just as a heavily armored skeleton wielding a massive axe closed in on Beili. The pandaren was too distracted dealing with the endless hordes of ghouls, and did not notice the titanic beast about to attack her. Cassie sprinted as fast and as hard as she could, and rammed the undead before it could deliver its attack. There was only so much that necromantic magic could do, and the skeleton was still just a skeleton. It stumbled back far, and its left arm fell out of its socket. As it tried and failed to heave the mighty axe up with only one arm, Cassie swung her greatsword, and sliced the skeleton in half at the ribcage. It clattered to the ground in pieces.

Shortly after the skeleton’s defeat, Cassie turned to head to Beili’s side, and help thin out the ghouls. Her path was blocked suddenly when a phantom with a body of black smoke appeared before her. She prepared to attack it, but it held out its ghostly hand, and assailed her mind with a fear spell.

Cassie’s eyes went wide. Her mouth fell open. The world around her seemed to go dark. The ghouls were suddenly ten times as numerous, and ten times as frightening. Her legs shook terribly, causing her armor to rattle. Her blade clattered to the ground as her hand went limp, and could no longer hold it. Her body was completely lost in her fear, and her bladder released. Her already wet crotch was soaked once more, though now with a more forceful stream.

The urine flowed down her well-muscles legs in little rivers, before filling up her armored boots. A few drops and streams were able to escape through her armor’s cracks and crevices, and flowed down the outside of her greaves. Her bowels could hold on no longer, either, and a solid log of shit slipped out of her. It crackled lightly, and smoothed out into a ball shape as it occupied what little space her armor and tight underwear left available. She could feel the foreign mass in between her legs, feel it sticking and smooshing up against her.

Some of the ghouls began to notice her vulnerability, and moved to finish her. As she saw them surrounding her, her body managed to find even more urine and feces to push out of her, adding to the already considerable mess she’d made in her armor. In an eyeblink, the fear vanished, and her senses returned. She gasped sharply, and looked around. The ghost had been exorcised by a large blast of holy energy. Turning quickly, Cassie saw Bhalna using all of her lexicon of holy magic to keep the undead away from her. Using this time well, she picked her sword back up, and dropped into a fighting stance, ignoring the sloshing of pee in her boots and the mushing of poop in her panties.

Bhalna continued to place holy shields and wards over her allies, and blasted the undead with holy magic when she had the opportunity. Her mind and body were completely preoccupied with the fight, however, and she’d been voiding her bladder pretty consistently since she entered the fray. All the running and dodging and other movement caused her released urine to splash around, wetting her new robes a bit. Her legs were covered with a thin layer of piss, and she was still going. As she fought, piss flowed freely out of her, wetting her robes, running down her legs, splashing on the ground.

Ash noticed both Bhalna and Cassie’s accidents, and felt a twinge of pride at her ironclad control over her bladder and bowels. Perhaps it was a night elf thing to have enough control not to defecate in one’s underpants? She chuckled a little.

As the gigantic army of undead was finally coming to an end, several of the remaining ghosts came together, and formed a summoning circle. While the last of the ghouls and spirits were being slain, they finished their ritual, and summon forth a powerful frost wyrm- an undead dragon the exudes frost and ice. It was massive, nearly big enough to swallow Beili whole. The ghosts that had summoned it seemed to disperse, and their essence flowed into the wyrm, strengthening it even further.

The wyrm let loose a deafening roar, and all the party members covered their ears in pain. Bhalna’s last bastion of continence failed, and her white panties filled with wet mush, accompanied by a loud pbltpbltpbltpblt. Her panties bulged out, almost comically as her mess just kept flowing out of her. When the mudslide in her underwear was complete, the mess was so heavy it was causing her panties to sag down far. She was grateful her robes would hide her accident.

The dragon’s roar functioned similarly to a fear spell, and it shook even Beili’s continence. The front of her panties filled suddenly with warm wetness, which kindly spilled forward, down her legs. Her fur soaked up the spilled urine like a paper towel. She was still stunned and covering her ears, but realized that she managed to regain control over her bladder. Internally shrugging, she went ahead and released her hold on it, and continued peeing on herself. The damage had already been done, might as well finish it.

Ash, much like the others, was forced to cover her ears. Hot shame and anger flowed through her as she felt some urine leak out into her panties. Her lapse in control was only momentary, but it was enough to wet the front of her panties. When the horrible roar finally concluded, and she could pull her hands away, she unleashed a hate-filled flurry of her most powerful spells at the undead dragon. Each spell blasted the massive bones apart. A large bolt of magic impacted the wyrm’s right wing, and tore it clean off. It was unlikely it could feel pain, but she hoped it felt that.

Following Ash’s example, Bhalna began unleashing every last offensive spell she knew, leaving deep scorch marks across the beast. She did her best to ignore the hot mess cooling on her butt, but was not having the best of luck. Tears blinded her and ran freely down her cheeks, born of both shame and fear. Her knees were knocking together, and her hands were unsteady as they launched their spells. Still, despite her soul-crushing fear, she persevered.

Cassie and Beili were doing everything they could to dodge the dragon’s powerful attacks, and slicing it with their sword whenever an opportunity presented itself. For the most part, though, they were simply keeping the wyrm busy while Ash and Bhalna killed it. Cassie attempted to get behind it in order to deal some damage, but was caught off-guard by a strong sweep of the wyrm’s tail, knocking her back. Now that it only had Beili immediately near it, it focused on her.

The pandaren warrior ducked under a bit that nearly cut her in half, only to be hit by a backwards swing of the wyrm’s claw, knocking her many feet backward. She landed with one knee on the ground, attempting to steady herself. She looked up at the wyrm, and saw it preparing to breath a blast of deathly cold frost on her. It would kill her instantly, and she couldn’t move. The dragon’s head reared back in preparation, and Beili closed her eyes.

Her red panties tented out suddenly, as far as her armored behind would let them. Her mess was solid at first, but became wetter with the next load to be released on herself. The warm mush spilled into her underwear, darkening the red fabric. She waited for her death, but it did not come. She dared to open one eye, and saw that the wyrm was indeed breathing its necromantic frost on her, but a holy shield surrounded her body, completely blocking the wyrm’s attack. She looked over at Bhalna, whose hand was outstretched, and whose face was a mask of relief, as if she’d gotten the shield spell off just in the nick of time.

While she had her friend’s protection, she stood, wishing that she had time to enjoy the sensation of her mess being flattened out against her butt by her armor. She readied her weapon, waiting for just the right moment. The instant the shield fell, the pandaren jumped, and soared through the air with aid of heroic leap. The muscles in her powerful arms flared as she put everything she had into one final strike, cleaving the wyrm’s head into pieces.

Beili attempted to speak, but her throat was dry as a rock, and only ragged, exhausted gasps came out. If she’d been able to speak, she might’ve said something to the effect of “We did it! Take that, you bony bastards!”, but she settled for triumphantly raising her sword into the air. It looked like the others weren’t in much better shape, so they kept the congratulations short.

Once they’d had a moment or two to catch their breath, the party returned to town.

###

Hours later, the sun had set, and the town was abuzz with excitement. “Didn’t you hear? Some heroes just killed the whole pack of undead!!”, the people were saying. Why shouldn’t they celebrate? Even if their heroes did return totally wet and soiled, save for one of them.

Half the town was in the tavern tonight, including the party of “Zombie-Slayers” the town was celebrating. Bhalna, Cassie, and Ash sat at a table in a corner, chatting while watching Beili floor opponent after opponent in some “friendly” wrestling matches.

“So, Ms. Ash...” Bhalna began, oddly respectful of someone who tried to murder her, “do ye still plan on stickin’ around?”

“I did promise to help your friend with her quest in the Plaguelands,”

“You really think she’s going to want to go there? I think we’ve had enough undead for a while,” Cassie chimed in, only just sober enough to avoid slurring her words too badly.

“Do you believe she will decide to go somewhere else?” Ash asked, trying to figure out what her panda-centered future may hold.

“I’d be pretty surprised if she even remembers the Plaguelands,”

“I see. So where do you suppose we will go next?”

“Yer gonna stay with us?” Bhalna asked, no malice in her voice.

“It would not be right for me to leave without repaying you and your party in some way, after you helped me cull that infestation,” Ash brought her glass of wine to her lips, drinking slowly and savoring the taste.

Meanwhile, Cassie slammed back another mug of ale, the latest of many. Bhalna had only had one mug. Beili had sampled half the selection, and kept drinking more after each victory. Cassie and Beili were suitably drunk now, but Bhalna and Ash still had their senses about them.

As their conversation winded down for the moment, the party continued spectating Beili’s current wrestling match. Beili was pinning a muscular human woman to the ground, and pushing the woman’s arm up her back. She pushed hard, trying to throw Beili off, but the pandaren was too strong and too heavy. As the human struggled, her bladder failed her in her drunken state, and they had an excellent view of the space between the woman’s spread legs as she helplessly wet herself, a large stain growing on her brown pants.

Cassie began giggling like a schoolgirl while watching the woman’s accident, hiccuping every so often. Bhalna decided it was time for her to go, and left the tavern early. Ash looked at her drunken, giggling company and wished Bhalna had stayed. When Cassie finally finished laughing, she stood up from her seat.

“I need the bathroom,” she said. As she rose, Ash could see a massive wet stain between Cassie’s white pants legs. Her butt was utterly drenched, and yet she continued towards the door, not knowing she’d already pissed her pants. Ash rose, and moved towards Beili.

“I believe your friend could use some assistance,” she said, pointing towards the wasted Cassie.

Beili was in the middle of holding someone in a chokehold, but swiftly dropped them and moved to help Cassie. The crowd of spectators groaned in disappointment as their champion left. She grabbed her lover by the shoulder, and led her outside. The sight of Cassie in soaked pants excited Beili like crazy, and she was eager to act on that excitement. She led the human woman to a barely visible space between the tavern and its neighbor, well hidden by a collection of crates.

“You certainly soaked yourself, didn’t you?” Beili said, running a hand over her partner’s drenched thigh.

“I saw you beat the crap out of that lady, and I guess I laughed so hard I just… went, you know?” Cassie said, smiling at her lover’s advances.

As Beili’s hand reached Cassie’s crotch, a sudden warmth flowed into her palm as Cassie peed even more, though her pants, “You’re still peeing in your pants right now, aren’t you?” Beili asked, moving her face close to Cassie’s.

“I saved it just for you,” Cassie said, giving Beili a quick kiss. She intertwined her legs with Beili’s, standing with on wet leg between Beili’s dry ones, “You save anything for me?”.

Beili smiled, inhaled, and closed her eyes. She’d been drinking all night, just waiting for a moment like this. She was wearing some slightly baggy, red pants, and a black shirt, both chosen for this event. She started peeing, feeling the soft stream hit her panties and soak right through them. When her panties could not stop the flow, her pants were showered with her urine, darkening at the crotch. As the wetness spread across Beilis butt and thighs, Cassie’s leg that was between Beili’s was also soaked with the pandaren’s release. Pee just kept coming out of her, and before long, a massive puddle covered the ground between the two.

“Looks like I also had an accident,” Beili began, “Pissed right into my pants. Didn’t even get close to the toilet before I wet all over the place, did I?”

The two began kissing each other with passionate vigor.

“I am surrounded by incontinent fools,” Ash said, passing by them, and continuing on her way to their room at the inn.

They heard her, of course, they just didn’t care.

As their romantic moment escalated, the two fell to the ground, Beili on top of Cassie. After about a minute of more kissing, Beili pulled away, and spoke, “I saved something else for you, too,”. She scrunched her face a little, and grunted as she began to soil herself willingly. Cassie placed a hand on Beili’s large butt, and could feel the bulge in her pants expanding as her mess filled her clothes. A loud, wet crackling sound filled the air, along with the scent of the pandaren's accident. She slipped her other hand in the front of Beili’s pants, and Beili returned the favor. Both women began fondling and pleasuring each other to the best of their inebriated abilities.

Despite their drunken states, it was a moment neither of them would ever forget.

###

After they finished their little adventure, they returned to the inn, Cassie still wet and Beili still wet and messy. Bhalna and Ash were already asleep in their respective beds.

Cassie yawned and made for the double bed that served as she and Beili’s bed, but her lover put a hand on her shoulder and stopped her.

“What is it?” Cassie asked, turning her head, to see Beili smiling.

“I have an idea, wait here,” without another word, the pandaren quietly ran out of the room, and returned moments later with a bowl of warm water.

“Oh-ho, yes!” Cassie exclaimed, as quietly as she could.

“Thinks she’s so high and mighty cause she’s dry, huh?” Beili muttered as she approached Ash’s bed.

She carefully pulled the blanket off the druid. Ash was sleeping on her side, in only her bra and purple panties. Beili very slowly lifted the elf’s hand, and dipped it into the bowl. She and Cassie watched excitedly as a wet spot began blossoming at the crotch of her panties, and a thick stream of pee flowed out of her, and down her thigh, hitting the bedsheets below her. The urine stain grew and grew, until Ash was lying in a pool of her own urine nearly two feet in diameter. They disposed of the bowl, and covered her back up with the blanket, leaving her to think she’s had a real accident.

Chuckling to each other, Beili and Cassie shared a few more touches and kisses before passing out in their bed, both of them still in need of a change.

###

I wet the bed?! I never wet the bed! Ever! Did I really drink that much wine? I didn’t think it was that much! By the goddess, I peed so much, look at the stain! It’s huge! My panties are soaked! I can't let the others see this.

Troubled thoughts raced through Ashiana’s mind as she awoke, having slept in a fairly huge puddle of piss. The first, and most prominent of these thought, however, was how to cover it up.

She carefully slid out of bed, feeling her cold and clammy panties against her skin, and set to work hiding the evidence.

*035*2017-04-17 08:33

{{1 hour ago, blooper said:

I don't know a whole lot about WoW to give suggestions, unfortunately. The suggestion I would give in a normal setting given the chance would probably involve assisting a red dragon with an attractive redheaded human form retrieve her treasure from some foe for a payment, with all the humiliation and accidents that can be caused for an arrogant red losing a battle to whatever took her treasure and being scared when she comes back to it, plus having to ask puny mortal races for help. I have no clue if that fits in wow setting or not though.

}}

Actually, believe it or not, you just described Alexstrasza from WoW (pic included) almost perfectly. No one really steals her treasure, but she gets attacked and needs help from mortals about once a week.

So yeah, she may make an appearance.

&&

*037*2017-07-14 04:48

Just want to let people know: This story isn't dead! I've been working overtime on a lot of other, non-omo projects, and just couldn't find the time or inspiration to keep up with my stuff here.

But sometime quite soon, I'll have a new chapter of my Warcraft series up (introducing a new character), as well as a Fallout: New Vegas story that involves Veronica.

I can't say for certain when they'll be uploaded, but I may be able to get one posted tonight.

*038*2017-07-18 02:47

Here it is! The first update to this topic in quite some time. Sorry about that. As always, hope you enjoy!

###

Few worgen were as beautiful as Meryl. Her silky black fur covered her werewolf-like, yet still feminine body. Silvery streaks of fur surrounded her eyes. A thick mane was meticulously groomed, keeping it smooth. Her eyes almost seemed to glow a pale blue.

Few worgen were as clever as Meryl. Underneath her dress, she was clothed in combat leathers, with hidden daggers at her sides. A variety of tools and vials of poison adorned her belt.

Few worgen were as mischievous as Meryl, as she slowly crept up upon a sleeping troll lady, who lay upon a wooden dock that stretched from the jungle shores of Stranglethorn Vale. A cloak of shadows covered Meryl, hiding her from sight. A second troll lady sat nearby, quietly fishing.

As she approached the blue-skinned humanoid, she drew one of her daggers. It was coated in one of her favorite poisons. It wasn’t lethal by any means, but it had a hilarious side effect. Carefully and quietly, she pricked the sleeping troll in the arm. It wasn’t much poison, but it would be enough.

The lounging woman seemed to shudder slightly, then tensed as she began voiding her bladder. The crotch of her tan shorts darkened swiftly, then the wetness seeped downwards, coating her butt. The urine began to fall through the gaps between the wooden planks, hitting the ocean waters below. Meryl wondered if she had administered enough of the poison to get its full effect, but wondered no more when the troll lady unconsciously raised her wet butt into the air a little. With a sleeping grunt and a scrunched-up face, she voided her bowels, the hot mush spilling into her basic, primitive underwear. A large log came out of her, but it was flattened when she lowered her butt back down. The look of relief on the troll’s face was so genuine it was nearly contagious.

Meryl struggled not to laugh loud enough to break her stealth. She looked up in alarm, however, when the troll suddenly awoke, and began inspecting her pants in a panic. She stood, rubbing her hand on her wet crotch. With the same hand, she reached back and felt her messy load sitting in the seat of her shorts. She began speaking in her people’s native tongue, getting the attention of her fishing friend.

The other troll glanced over, and began laughing at her friend’s soiled state. The messy troll blushed hotly at the embarrassment, and said something else in her tongue, before holding out her hand, in which lightning circulated. She extended her arm, and a swift bolt of lightning struck the laughing troll, whose body went stiff as a board. Her long, green pants immediately darkened at the crotch, and a large wet stain began to spread across the front and down the insides. Eventually the wetness covered almost the entire front end of her pants. A wet and messy pbltpbltpbltpbltpblt sounded off at the same time, as she involuntarily filled her pants with mess. It was hardly solid, and it spilled into her panties, discoloring them and the now warm and sticky seat of her pants.

The lightning troll ended the attack, and revenge-laughed at the other. They seemed to begin arguing, so Meryl turned to leave, and resolved to find somewhere she could laugh about what just happened.

###

“Remind me where we’re going, Ash,” Cass asked.

“We’re on our way to Stranglethorn Vale, and since none of you can turn into a bird like I can, the only land path is through Duskwood,”.

“And why Stranglethorn?” Cass asked her second question with a moderate amount of hostility. Duskwood was rife with feral worgen and undead, and the Vale wasn’t exactly much safer.

“An old companion of mine needs help, and I owe her a few favors,”.

“I didn’t have anywhere to go,” Beili noted, “So I figured we could tag along,”.

“Fair enough, I suppose,” Cassie surrendered. She wasn’t fond of places like Duskwood; but then, few people were. Haunted forests had that way of attracting people’s ire.

None more so than Bhalna, whose eyes had been glued to the great trees and ruined buildings around them, nervously watching for any sign of attackers. Ashiana took notice, and sought to allay the fears of the one party member she found to be pleasant company.

“You need not be so concerned, Bhalna. I will detect any threat long before it reaches us,” the night elf spoke.

“I know, but… I also know that the second I let my guard down is when things will go horribly wrong,” the dwarf did give Ash a friendly smile, at least.

In an attempt to keep the young priest calm, Ash initiated some small talk, chatting about their old homes, the weather, whatever would keep Bhalna focused on something else.

Behind them, Cassie and Beili shared stories of old battles and triumphs. To be expected of two warriors. Both of them were blissfully unaware of the rustling in the bushes behind them.

Meryl, wrapped in her stealthy shroud, kept pace with the group, examining their weapons and armor. She recognized Ashiana. The tall, elven woman wore humble brown-and-green robes. Pretty common for a druid. The dwarf wore a pristine white shirt and light grey pants. The human lady wore armor fairly typical of a human knight. Last but not least, the pandaren wore a black-and-red suit of armor and a pandaren conical hat.

As their stalker drew closer and closer, Ash nonchalantly turned around and spoke loudly, “Hello, Meryl,”.

The other three looked at her, confused. After a moment, their unspoken questions were answered when the tall, lupine form of a worgen materialized in front of them. Alarmed, Cassie and Beili reached for their weapons. Bhalna peed herself just a little as the rogue appeared. She blushed as the crotch of panties suddenly turned hot and wet.

The worgen threw her hands up in surrender, evidently experienced in this kind of thing, “No no, I’m friendly!” she said, in a joking tone. She pointed to Ash, “I’m a friend of hers,”. She had the smooth, intelligent accent unique to Gilneans. They took this moment to look at the rogue’s equipment. Pretty basic black pants that cut off just above her knees, and a matching black shirt that exposed quite a bit of her ample cleavage.

“I’m surprised it took you this long, Meryl,” Ash said, with an uncharacteristically warm smile on her face, “I figured you would have started following us days ago,”.

“I got caught up in some business,” Meryl began, lowering her hands that had been raised, “It’s actually related to the reason I asked you to come out here,”.

“Oh, this is your friend!” Beili said, her voice brimming with friendliness. Any animosity that was present a moment ago had completely vanished.

“And Ash must have made new friends!” Meryl said, beaming, “She doesn’t do that very often,”.

The faintest hint of a blush made its way onto Ash’s face, “Thank you, Meryl,”.

“So what is it you needed help with?” Cassie asked.

Meryl scratched the back of her head, seemingly searching for the right words to use, “How do you guys feel about pirates?”.

“Pirates?” Quoted Beili.

“I live underground,” Bhalna began, “Don’t see too many,”.

“Not too fond of them,” Cassie answered, “Had more than one run-in with the Bloodsail crew,”.

“Funny you should mention them, ha ha...” Meryl replied, laughing nervously.

“Meryl, what did you do?” Ash asked, like an impatient parent trying to get a confession from their child.

“I kinda… maybe… owed them a ton of money and they took a lot of my things as payment that I wanna get back from them,” the worgen answered, not pausing for even a second.

“Oh, Meryl,” Ash said, rubbing the bridge of her nose.

“I’m willing to bring the pain to some pirates!” Beili chimed in, positively glowing at the possibility of a great, big swashbuckling showdown with pirates.

“Great! You’re in!” Meryl enthusiastically stated, pointing at Beili.

“Someone has to keep her out of trouble, so I guess I’m coming too,” Cassie said.

“You’ll need a healer,” Bhalna said, happily.

They all looked at Ash. “Meryl, you probably deserve whatever happened to you, but I’m not going to turn down an opportunity to get rid of some pirate scum,”.

“Woohoo!” Meryl shouted, causing several birds the nearby trees, “Oh, man, that is a load off my mind, you have no idea!”.

###

Hours later, the group had finally reach Stranglethorn Vale. The dark, haunted forests of Duskwood faded away rather rapidly into the hot jungle of the Vale. The sun was beginning to set, and they had made their camp in a small clearing that appeared to have atleast marginally fewer animals in it than anywhere else.

Cassie and Beili were sparring with one another a few yards away from the camp. The rhythmic clangs just becoming another of the Vale’s many, many ambient sounds.

Bhalna had busied herself trying to tamper with her holy shield spells to form a very weak and easy to sustain shield that would keep the bugs off of her.

Ash and Meryl were catching up while cooking a stew over a campfire.

“So what have you been up to, Ash?”

“My group and I just killed a large group of marauding undead. Yourself?” Ashiana’s tone implied that this was not uncommon behavior for her.

“I’ve been pissing off pirates,” The worgen looked up and smiled at the elf.

“Evidently,”.

Meryl stirred the stew a little bit more, then brought a spoon up to her lips to sample it. She seemed to think for a moment, then decided the stew was ready, “Food’s done,” she said. She made sure none of the others heard her, then leaned in to whisper, “Want to see something funny?”.

“Okay...” Ash said, cautiously.

Without really waiting for approval, Meryl poured three bowls of the stew, then produced a vial of green liquid from her belt. Removing the cork, she put several drops into each of the bowls.

“Don’t tell me you still make that poison,” Ash said, trying to sound disappointed, but she couldn’t hide her smile.

“Food’s ready!” She called to the others. Considering how long they’d been travelling, they were all famished.

Each of them came and excitedly took one of the pre-made bowls. Ash and Meryl were very careful to make their own bowls and keep them unmodified.

“This is pretty good!” Beili said. Meryl couldn’t help but snicker.

A short while later, they’d finished their meals, and returned to what they were doing. Ash, Meryl, and Bhalna had settled on some more relaxed activities, but Cassie and Beili had opted to continue their sparring.

Using some wooden blades, the two had round after round of mock battles with one another. As they launched expert strike after expert strike at one another, Cassie landed an outstanding parry, knocking the sword from Beili’s hand. She pointed her blade at Beili’s head and smirked, claiming victory.

Beili smirked as well, and pushed Cassie’s wooden sword aside, then lunged at her lover. Confused and unprepared, Cassie was overwhelmed, and soon found herself lying on her stomach on the grass. Beili held one of her arms against her back.

“Looks to me like I win,” Beili said smugly.

Cassie struggled hard under the pandaren, but could not get her to budge. Beili was incredibly strong, but beyond that, she was incredibly heavy, even without her armor. As she exerted herself trying to force the other warrior off of her, she yelped suddenly as felt something slip out of her and into her black panties. She was wondering for a moment if she had really just crapped herself, but a loud BFFFFFFFFT-SKRLTCH erupting from her backside answered her question. Way more mess filled her underwear, causing them to bulge out and squish against the seat of her armor. The moment her bowels had finished voiding, her bladder did, as well. The front of her panties quickly saturated, and the powerful stream spilled into her legguards, then flowed out of the little cracks and crevices.

As Cassie lay on the ground, defeated, Beili looked on in total pleasure as she saw her lover completely soil herself. Her happiness was curbed suddenly and powerfully when she felt her stomach gurgle loudly. A sheath of warmth wrapped down her inner legs, and she realized she had lost control of her bladder. She could feel the hot pee filling up in her metal boots. A sudden pain in her abdomen caused her to bend over with her arms crossing over her belly. With a sound like trudging through mud, she emptied her bowels in her armor. Her underwear bulged and sagged, and slid down her legs just a tiny bit. Her mess was not completely solid, and she felt the sticky feeling running down her legs. While she didn't necessarily mind soiling herself, she liked it more when it was on her own terms.

Inside her tent, Bhalna had fallen asleep already, but was not tossing and turning wildly. As she lay on her stomach, her bladder abandoned any notion of control, and her white panties flooded with hot urine. Right as it was beginning to soak into her nightgown, she rolled onto her side, causing her pee to rush down her left thigh, instead. In her new position, her bowels voided as well, and the seat of her panties tented out sharply, accompanied by a soft crackling. Satisfied that she was empty now, she rolled onto her back, crushing her mess under her butt, and causing it to flatten out.

Ash simply watched in vague amusement while Meryl smiled as wide as she could.

“Hm. You actually finally got that mixture to work, didn’t you?” Ash said, raising an eyebrow at her friend.

“Finally got the measurements right a couple months ago,” Meryl said proudly, “Now there’s hardly any chance of the incontinence being permanent or the mixture, you know… killing them,”.

“Please don’t kill my party,” Ash said, exasperated.

“I would never!” Meryl said, far too dramatically, “They make excellent test dummies,”.

###

Early morning light passed over Bhalna’s eye, stirring her from her sleep. She stretched out her legs a little, then scrunched her face in confusion at the feeling surrounding her butt and thighs. She wiggled her legs, and blushed deeply as she realized she’d had an accident in her sleep.

She cleaned herself up, and exited her tent to dispose of her soiled panties. As she left her tent, she nearly jumped out of her skin as she saw Meryl look up at her from the campfire.

“Whatcha got there?” Meryl asked curiously.

“Nothing,” Bhalna quickly said, trying to make the werewolf lose interest. She could feel her face growing hot, and knew she must have blushing intensely.

Meryl sniffed at the air with her strong, dog-like nose, “Doesn’t smell like ‘nothing’,”.

“Well it is,” the dwarf said dismissively, and began walking away. She knew her blush had only grown deeper.

As she moved beyond the treeline and tossed away her ruined underpants, she hurried back towards her tent, avoiding eye contact with Meryl.

“Y’know, it happens to everyone sometimes,” The Worgen said in a jovial tone. Bhalna ignored her.

###

“So here’s the deal...” Meryl began.

A short couple hours had passed, and everyone was awake and cleaned up. For one reason or another, everyone was on board with killing some pirates. Meryl needed a bit more than for them to just be dead, though; she needed something they took. And she had to learn where it was.

“They typically make their camps and land their ships and whatnot way south, past Booty Bay,” Meryl ran her finger across a small area of the Vale’s coast, “I need you guys to secure a ship,”.

“‘Secure a ship’?” Cassie asked skeptically, “Easier said than done,”.

“Cass, we just cut down an army of the undead,” Beili said, “Pirates won’t be a challenge at all!”. The pandaren’s excitement was clearly written on her face.

“That’s the spirit!” Meryl said.

“What do we need a ship for?” Bhalna asked, raising her hand.

“I don’t know where my stuff is, but they definitely took it offshore,” She put her hands on her hips, then patted her chest proudly, “That’s where I come in. I’ll get the information out of some of their people at Booty Bay, then meet up with you guys at the ship,” she smiled broadly.

“I’m noticing a lot of vagueness in this plan,” Ash noted.

“That’s part of the fun, Ash!” Meryl replied, forcing a smile, but clearly worried.

“We do the best when we have no clue what’s going on,” Beili added, giving a reassuring smile to the worgen. Meryl looked at least a little comforted.

Ash placed her palm on her face for a short moment, sighing deeply, “You two were made for one another. Alright, let’s get this underway. Don’t worry, Meryl, we’ve got your back,”. Meryl looked absolutely giddy at her friend’s reassurance.

“Alright, you know the plan!” She pointed down a path that was only slightly less overgrown with jungle foliage than the surrounding area, “Boats are that way,”.

*042*2017-07-18 04:26

{{30 minutes ago, blooper said:

Another nice addition. Sadly no Meryl or Ash accidents, but overall very nice. I assume those will be forthcoming anyway.

}}

Yeah, they'll have some fun very soon, I just hadn't finished the rest of this little arc, and wanted to post something before too long. More will come sometime soon.

*044*2017-08-31 05:47

Hello, everyone! Once again, I'm taking my time, but this next chapter is a big one that I'm sure you guys will like. It's gonna take probably just a few days for me to finish it up, but it's coming out real soon, so just hang in there.

Just as a bit of a teaser, I'll tell you guys that I think this chapter has more total accidents in it than any other one.

*045*2017-09-11 06:13

I come bearing one hell of an update. Longest chapter yet, uncontested; and the thing is, it's only half of it. I just wanted to post something before too long, so I decided to be cut the chapter in half while I finish the rest of it. Hope you guys enjoy!

Two women waited in the brig of a ship. A tall, light-skinned woman sat on a bench connected to the wall. She wore a red jacket, and red pants. Dark stains ran down both of her legs; the cold, clammy feeling a constant reminder of her cowardice. Her name was Leris, and she was the captain of the Red Serpent, a rather notorious pirate ship. Leris tugged glumly at the wet pants that clung to her thighs, replaying what had happened over and over again.

Her ship had docked at a beach near Booty Bay; a very popular hangout for pirates. She’d been talking with her crew regarding some shipments and crates that were missing, then, out of the blue, people were screaming. Leris looked over the side of her ship, and saw the serpentine figures of naga slithering onto the shoreline, massacring her crew. The snake-men came so fast, they couldn’t mount a resistance. When they finally reached the actual ship, and the fighting began, Leris came face-to-face with one of the widely-feared naga myrmidons. Fear stabbed through her like a knife, and she completely pissed on herself. She could vividly remember the hotness spilling down her legs as she tried in vain to fight the beast.

Her cellmate- the First Mate Shay- was much more fortunate. She’d been below deck when the fighting began, and so was not on the receiving end of a naga’s trident. Instead, the two of them were captured and locked up.

Which- knowing the naga- was probably a sign of terrible things to come. The naga never took prisoners. If they didn’t kill you immediately, it’s because they’re thinking of a more fun way to kill you. Such was the thought that made Shay pace around the cell for the last hour. The dark-skinned woman wore a white blouse and red pants. Dark sweat circles had appeared at her armpits. At least the wet stains are there, and not on your pants… thought Leris, blushing a bit as she looked at the soaked fabric.

“What do they want with us?” Shay asked, the nervousness and fear quite apparent in her voice.

“For the third time,” Leris began, annoyed, “I don’t know,”. While her tone might have suggested otherwise, Leris genuinely did want to comfort her friend, but it seemed pointless. They were boned. There was nothing she could think to say that would make their situation seem any better or worse.

“Do they just want to kill us, or-or do they have some sort of plan for us, or-” Shay’s train of thought was derailed when a loud, snake-like hiss came from the stairwell. One of the monsters was coming towards them.

Shay gasped sharply in fear. Leris stood up from the bench, ready for whatever the naga may try. As both women saw the twisted shadow of the creature on the wall as it descended the stairs, both of them could hear a quiet pfffffffffttt accompanied by a crackling sound as Shay filled her underpants. Her accident was solid, and the load forced its way out, into her panties, causing her pants to tent out. Though she was much more focused on the creature approaching them, Shay was certainly able to feel her pants suddenly become tighter, along with her butt suddenly becoming warm and messy. She jumped slightly when her captain placed a hand on her shoulder, but then calmed down. It was a small gesture, but it at least reminded her that she wasn’t alone.

Leris was fully aware of her friend’s accident, but she was hardly one to judge. She’d already pissed herself, and she was not very far from soiling herself, either. When the savage snake man came fully into view, she had to clench herself to keep from losing her mess in her underwear.

The beast glared at both of them, and brandished its massive trident, saying nothing. Moments later, a more slender naga entered the lower deck. It was unmistakably female. Something about female naga made them much more disturbing than male ones. Perhaps it was just how human they looked in comparison. The Sea-Witch glared at them. Each of the snakes that made up a kind of hair on her head focused their attention on the imprisoned women.

The Sea-Witch had murder in her eyes and venom in her voice when she asked “Where. Isss. The Sssscepter?”.

“What scepter?” Leris answered, trying- and failing- to keep her voice from cracking.

Lighting surged between the naga’s four hands as she angrily screamed “MY SCEPTER! THE ONE STOLEN FROM VASHJ’IR!!”. Her voice was like a choir of banshees.

At the naga’s furious outburst, Shay emptied her bladder. She was grateful no one was paying much attention to her, as she looked down at the wetness blossoming across her groin and flowing down her legs. Her cheeks flushed red as the hot liquid coursed down her shaking legs. A puddle grew at her feet as she continued to urinate on herself.

“We have no such scepter!” Leris shouted desperately. She was telling the truth- they had nothing of the sort on her ship.

“We sssshall sssee...” The Sea-Witch said, wanting nothing more than to feed both of them to the sharks. She turned to her guard and said, “I’m going to ssssee how the othersss have done in their ssssearch. If either of them triessss anything...” she looked to their prisoners, contemplating, “Wound one. Kill the other. Let them watch,”. With that, she slithered away, out of sight. The more brutish myrmidon stayed, and flashed what appeared to be a smile at the women. It hoped with all its heart that they’d try something.

Leris returned to her bench and sat down. Following after her, Shay stumbled towards the bench. Her body had gone fairly numb, and the task of reaching the bench was difficult. She didn’t care that, as she sat down, the mess in her pants squished against her.

###

Meryl wandered through the various bars and taverns of the (in)famous Booty Bay. A she walked by the brutish bruisers who guarded the port, she was thankful of the fact that she was a worgen, for the werewolf-like race had an advantage shared by no other: At will, they can shift from their civil human forms to their fearsome worgen forms. Thus Meryl was free to wander around the port without anyone recognizing her. She was in some very hot water at the moment, and there were a lot of people after her head.

Glancing to the sky, she guessed it was close to 3 or 4 in the afternoon. By now, her new friends should surely have seized the pirate’s ship, if they were as good at it as the pandaren insisted. Which meant that now it was on her to discover exactly where the pirates had taken all of her stuff.

And she knew just how to do it.

There’s no such thing as a pirate that isn’t horny, and fortunately for Meryl, her human form was just as gorgeous as her worgen one. Her skin was tanned from years under the sun, and her long black hair hung down to her shoulders in little curls. Just for this occasion, she’d worn a small crimson shirt that showed her midriff, as well as some cleavage. She had also put on some matching crimson pants that were tights and showed off her shapely legs and ass.

As she entered into the most illustrious building in Booty Bay (which wasn’t saying much), she started to scan the tables. An orc woman was easily beating everyone in arm wrestling matches. A row of patrons sat at the bar, each one progressively more wasted than the last. A blood elf woman had passed out on the floor, her white pants rapidly darkening with urine as she lost control. Her very embarassed friend dragged her away, leaving a trail of piss behind them. At last, she found what she was after. A group of people in the attire of the Bloodsail Buccaneers. The pirates who stole her shit.

As nonchalantly and discreetly as she could, she slowly wound her way towards their table to get a closer look at them. Two men who looked like they’d been in one too many drunken bar fights; and one- Crap, she thought, as she realized the two were joined by a pirate woman, as well. The two males, she was sure she could seduce, but the woman would be a problem. While she didn’t exactly look like the smartest person alive (or even in the tavern, for that matter), she was much more likely to see through Meryl’s deception than the others. She needed to get rid of her.

Like rogues tend to do, Meryl vanished from sight. Shadowy magic completely obscured her from sight. Carefully and quietly, she approached the pirates’ table, and produced a vial of her special poison blend. The moment the pirate lady looked away from her mug, Meryl poured in way more of the poison than was needed to make someone have an accident. She needed her gone quick.

Her stealth operation complete, she slinked away, and reappeared into the visible spectrum at an empty table with a good view of the pirates. She smirked when she saw the pirate lady lift the mug to her lips and take several big gulps. She started counting the seconds in her head; at nine seconds, the pirate lady placed a hand on her belly; at fifteen seconds she started crossing her legs and grabbing herself; by twenty-two, she’d excused herself from the table and made a beeline for the exit. Meryl was amazed that the woman hadn’t wet and soiled herself by then. Even if it hadn’t been as entertaining as possible, it still did the trick: she was out of the way.

Once she was gone, Meryl quickly approached the two Bloodsail men, making sure that just enough of her body was visible to keep their interest. A couple lies here, some persuasion there, and she was able to work the truth out of them: her belongings, as well as lots of other peoples’, had been taken to some secret port on a small island to the west. There were rumors that the captain who was hoarding all of it had lost their mind. They must have, to take all this stuff from other Bloodsail captains.

Once she had what she was after, she gave the men a happy farewell, and exited the tavern.

Her good mood was over pretty quickly, however, as her route through the back alleys between the buildings was interrupted by the all-too-familiar sound of a pistol being armed. She put her arms up, and turned around to see none other than the pirate lady she’d poisoned, pistol in one hand, and the other hand clutching her stomach.

“What the hell did you do to me?!” She barked, loud enough to be menacing, but not loud enough to draw people’s attention to them.

Meryl was in a bind. She was fast, but not faster than a bullet. If she tried to draw her hidden knives, this pirate would ventilate her. She had to get her to drop her guard. “Whoa!” She exclaimed, putting on her best scared face, “C-calm down! What’re you talking about?!”.

“You po-” The pirate’s explanation was interrupted by a loud groan from her stomach that even Meryl could plainly hear, “You did something to me, then you went and got something from the others!”.

Maybe she was smarter than she looked. Bringing out all of her acting chops, Meryl forced tears into her eyes, “Please! I don’t know what you’re talking about!” she begged desperately. To really sell the scene, Meryl made her legs shake, and then she collapsed onto her knees, tears streaming down her face.

For a brief second, the pirate hesitated. She was doubting herself. She steeled herself and took a step forward, still brandishing her firearm, “My ass! Are you a spy? Who sent you?!” She yelled.

This was getting too risky. This pirate did not have much in the way of pity or compassion. Meryl mentally sighed as she knew she’d have to bring out big guns.

“No, please! I swear I didn’t do anything!” The rogue pleaded. With a slight push, she felt herself start peeing into her panties. A stain formed rapidly between her legs, expanding and flowing down her legs, puddling where her knees hit the ground. She felt the wet warmth work its way to her butt and down the back of her legs as her tight pants limited the urine’s movement. She needed to seem as non-threatening as possible, and there wasn’t much less intimidating that someone who’d just completely pissed her pants.

Thankfully, it worked. The pirate lowered her pistol, then put it away. She started walking towards Meryl, then spoke, “Fine, I won’t kill you,” she cracked her knuckles, “but I am gonna beat the crap outta you for wasting my time!”.

Meryl put on the most convincing scared face she could muster, waiting for the pirate to get close enough. The second she was, Meryl sprang at her, instantly shifting to her worgen form. Growling and snarling, she pinned the pirate to the ground, and bared her fangs at the woman’s neck. The tables had turned completely, and the pirate woman screamed as she fearfully let go in her pants.

Her crotch was quickly saturated with pee, and a puddle expanded beneath her, wetting her butt and thighs as she lay on the ground. Her bowels failed simultaneously, and she pushed a large amount of mess into her panties. It was soft and somewhat mushy, and her body held none of it back. A lumpy bulge three times the size of her fist developed in her pants. While the poison had weakened her control, in all likelihood, she would have had the accident anyway.

“Worgen! Who are you?!” The pirate asked, voice shaking.

“That’s not important,” Meryl replied, “What is important,” she bared her fangs near the pirate’s neck, “is that I don’t think I have a reason to not kill you,”.

Meryl brought her head back, then snapped forward with a snarl, stopping just shy of actually biting the pirate’s neck. Her feint had the desired effect, as the woman passed out, continuing to wet and mess her pants. She was already in enough trouble here, and she didn’t need to add murder to the already substantial list of crimes she’d committed.

Her work was done. She knew where to go, she just needed the ship. Shifting back to her human form, she calmly made to leave for the town’s exit. Surely by now, the others will have captured a ship…

###

Beili, Bhalna, and Cassie used a small hill of sand as cover while they observed the docked pirate ship. The terrifying, serpentine figures of naga circled about it, and dozens of Bloodsail pirate bodies dotted the area. Pirates they could handle, but naga…

As the watched for a few minutes, a bird landed behind them, then changed its shape into that of Ashiana, who confirmed their fears, “The whole ship is completely swarmed with them. It doesn’t look like there are any Bloodsail survivors,”. No one was particularly sad about the survivors bit.

“What do we, now?” Cassie asked, looking between the others.

“Everyone here know how to fight naga?” Beili asked. Normally, she’d be enthusiastic about getting into a fight, but not against the naga. The others were quick to note that the happy vigor was gone from her voice.

“Yer not thinkin’ of actually fightin’ them?!” Bhalna asked, her face pale.

“Of course I am!” The pandaren responded, drawing her blade and stabbing it into the ground, “Meryl needs the ship,”.

“I’m with Beili, actually,” Ash said grimly, “We can’t let the naga do as they please here. We need to stop them,”.

“There’s quite a lot of them...” Cassie muttered nervously.

“There were lots of undead a few weeks ago,” Beili reminded her.

“I… I suppose yer right...” Bhalna conceded, “We need ta kill them now,”.

Cassie looked between Ash and Bhalna. Both voices of reason in their party had made their choice. “Fine,” she said, after a long moment. Turning to her pandaren partner, she asked “How exactly do we go about fighting naga?”

Beili was always happy to have her experience called upon. “Well, from what I saw, they’re mostly made up of myrmidons, which will make this relatively simple,” The pandaren warrior looked upwards, away from the party as began to ramble, “they’re big, and very, very strong, but they’re also slow. Try to dodge, rather than parry. Their vitals are in all the places you’d expect, so aim for the heart and head.” She placed an armored hand on her chin, “What we need to look out for is if a witch appears. They know all sorts of water, wind, and lightning magic. They can control a battlefield like nothing else. If one shows up, Cass, you and I can’t do much,” she said, looking to her human companion, “their lightning will cook us in our armor, so that’s gonna fall to the others to deal with it,”. She paused momentarily to look back at the baga around the ship, “I don’t see any murlocs or gargantuans, thank the Light, so if we’re quick, this shouldn’t be too bad,”.

She returned her attention to her party, who were all staring at her wide-eyed.

“Well,” Ash finally said, “If you know one thing, it’s fighting,”.

“Thanks,” She replied, beaming a smile.

As the group made their final preparations for the attack, Beili observed her party.

Ash had ditched her robes, instead wearing some black pants and a grey shirt that were both padded with druidic leather armor. She carried a a staff with a red gem at its top. Though she was sure the night elf would never admit, Beili could tell from her stance that the druid was fighting the need to use the restroom. She chuckled a bit, wondering if she’d still need to by the time the battle was over.

Cassie wore her silver and blue plate armor that she’d grown fond of. On her left arm, a kite shield proudly portrayed the emblem of the Alliance, and a white sword rested in her right hand.

Bhalna wore her white, priestly robes. The robes had been cleaned in the past, but still were stained with dirt and… other substances. Poor thing, thought Beili, Once this is over, I’m getting you some nicer clothes.

Lastly, she looked to her own equipment. Her beloved black-and-red armor clung to her, ready to take some damage. Her hat blocked some of the relentless sun. If it were really an option, she’d charge into the battle naked. As if her black armor weren’t hot enough, she had fur underneath it. Giving her red longsword a few swings, she began to walk up the small hill. The others followed behind her.

With the most fearsome war cry she could muster, the pandaren led the charge. A naga myrmidon spun around in alarm, but could not ready his weapon in time, as the warrior’s sword carved open his chest. Several other naga saw their comrade fall, and hissed as they slithered quickly towards the party.

One of them engaged Cassie, and it hoisted up its massive trident in preparation for a slam. Heeding Beili’s advice, she dodged instead of blocked, and felt some pee dribble out of her when she felt the weapon impact the ground. If she’d tried to weather the attack, she’d be a smear in the sand right now. Her panties now clung wetly to her privates, but she did her best to ignore it as she raised her blade to counterattack the beast. Making several quick slices and stabs elicited some pained growling from the naga. The myrmidon swung its trident in a wide arc; one that Cassie couldn’t dodge. She braced herself, and ducked behind her shield. The trident slammed into her, and threw her several feet through the air.

She was dazed and winded, and she wasn’t sure if it was when she got hit, while she was flying, or as she landed, but at some point she’d begun wetting herself. She could feel herself continuing to go while she lay flat on her back, creating a hot puddle inside of her own armor. She fully opened her eyes, and saw the naga rushing towards her, trident ready. It closed the gap, and brought its weapon down, intending to skewer the human. Eyes wide in alarm, she used every muscle that would listen to her to roll to the left, narrowly dodging the three-pronged spear. She became aware that, not only was she still urinating on herself, but rolling had caused the urine trapped in her armor to slosh around, covering her lower body. Nearly every last fiber of her white panties were saturated.

Bhalna had been busy administering holy shields to Beili, and didn’t notice that Cassie was in mortal peril. Invoking all the power she could in a single attack, she lobbed several bolts of holy energy at the myrmidon that was trying to stab her friend. As each bolt impacted its scaly hide, more and more of the unholy creature melted and withered away, until it had stopped moving. Cassie stood up, and even from the distance she stood at, Bhalna could see the liquid streaming from the warrior’s armor. Truth be told, Bhalna was proud of herself for not already having wet or soiled herself. A quick healing spell mended the warrior’s cuts and bruises, and she charged back into the fray.

Beili, as she was wont to do, had taken on far too many of the enemies, and stood outnumbered, three-to-one. She dodged strike after strike, thanking the Light that naga were so slow. She was sweating profusely, and quickly running out of breath. Her heart was pounding, but it soared with relief as she saw Cassie leap upon one of the naga, stabbing it as many times as she could. And with Cassie safe, Bhalna was able to re-shield the pandaren. Beili smiled menacingly as a golden, translucent bubble suddenly shimmered around her.

One of the naga hoisted its trident up, and delivered a powerful stab, but reeled back as the shield totally repulsed the attack. Once it was dazed, Beili spun on her heel, then lashed out with her sword, immediately decapitating the beast. The other naga learned from the previous one’s mistake, and did not attack Beili’s shield, and instead waited, ready to parry her attack. What he could not parry, however, was magic. It hissed in surprise as Bhalna’s holy attacks bored into it’s flesh. Once it’s guard had been forcibly lowered, Beili took her chance, and jumped into the air, bringing her sword down on the monster’s head. From head to waistline, she cleaved the creature.

Ash, being one of the two party members to have encountered naga before, was well-versed in fighting them. Two naga encircled her, attacking furiously. In the blink of an eye, she had shifted into the form of a large, tiger-like cat, and nimbly avoided the swipes. With her feline speed, she put some distance between herself and the naga, then shifted back to her elf form. With some elegant hand movements, she bade nature to help her, and it answered. Several thick vines burst from the ground, ensnaring one of the naga, and pinning its writhing form to the sand.

The other was either unaware or indifferent to its companion’s plight, as it was still barreling towards her. It would never reach her, however, as she unleashed a devastating salvo of spells upon the creature. It was torn to pieces. Walking towards the restrained naga, she launched a Starsurge into its chest, grinning with satisfaction as the energy blew the monster’s midsection wide open. She’d handled her naga, and she turned to join her group, her stomach rumbled ominously at her. She’d neglected to relieve herself before they set out, and now, her need was growing rather dire. She was considering shifting to her cat form to do her business, but she was needed here. She resolved to hold it.

As each of the party members finished their respective kills, they looked around, and it seemed that they’d taken care of the immediate naga presence. Cautiously, the exhausted party maneuvered to the very short dock the boat was tethered to. Before they reached it, however. A new opponent appeared on the deck of the ship, looking down at them. A Sea-Witch.

“Interloperssssss!!” She cried, “Have you come looking to ssssteal my belongingss asss well?!” Without giving them a moment to react, the witch raised one of her four hands, and with a flick of her wrist, released a bolt of lightning that stabbed into the ground in front of Cassie, who yelped and jumped back. If she had any more pee in her, she would have just lost it.

The witch placed a watery shield around herself, and observed the beach, noting all the dead naga. “Hmmm… Perhapssss reinforcementsss are needed...” She wove a pattern in the air with two of her hands, and completed the airborne rune with a surge of power. The party’s eyes were drawn to the shoreline, where a hulking shadow could be seen about to make landfall.

A gargantuan! Beili realized, feeling her legs wobble in fright, but only for a second. Her suspicion was correct, as the mammoth creature rose from the water. It had the posture of a gorilla, and was four times the size. It’s teal scales glistened with wetness, and its eyes were bright in expectation of its upcoming meal.

Beili could feel herself uncontrollably dribbling in her red panties, and a wet spot about two inches long formed on them. Once again, if Cassie had anything left to release in her bladder, she would have. However, she did now feel her bowels beginning to slip. She clenched herself as hard as she could, but resigned to the fact that her panties probably weren’t going to get out of this unscathed.

Ash managed to keep a hold on her bladder, but with a quiet, wet squelch, just a small amount of mess found its way into her panties. It was small enough that it left no bulge in her pants, but she could feel it nestling between her cheeks, and her cheeks burned with shame.

It was fair to say that Bhalna, in typical fashion, fared the worst out of everyone. As the massive sea creature began to bound towards them, her bladder and bowels failed simultaneously. Her white panties quickly yellowed at the front. A hot sheath of wetness raced down her thighs as she pissed herself. She felt her piss reach her feet, and flow to the ground, where the sand eagerly drank it up. At her rear, her panties tented out violently, then turned brown as her warm mush filled them up. The bulge was significant enough to be visible even through her robe. She knew the others could almost certainly hear her accident, and she blushed furiously.

“Remember the plan!” Beili shouted, alluding to how the spellcasters would have to deal with the Sea Witch. Without a second thought, she charged toward the gargantuan with her weapon ready. After a couple confused seconds, Cassie followed after her.

The Sea Witch prepared to strike the warriors down with lightning, but found herself afflicted with a silence spell. She angrily watched the lightning bolt fizzle away into nothingness in the palm of her hand. Returning her attention to the druid and the priest, she saw them both flinging powerful spells at her shield. The witch chuckled lightly as spell after spell bounced harmlessly off of her barrier. Once the silence wore off, she began weaving more lightning between her many fingers, ominously muttering “What fun we will have...”.

How the heavyset pandaren could be so fast in so much armor was a mystery Cassie didn’t believe she’d ever solve, as she watched the talented warrior nimbly dodge the goliath creature’s fist over and over again. In the brief moments between the gargantuan’s attacks, the warriors ran in and dealt as much damage as possible. Just as it looked like they were winning, the colossal beast reared back, raised its fists in the air, and slammed them down, creating an unstoppable shockwave. Both warriors were promptly thrown to the ground.

Ash, seeing the futility of her attacks on the Sea Witch, and noticing the trouble the warriors were in, changed her strategy. She looked to her dwarven companion, who was still hurling spells at the witch, “Bhalna, shield me!”.

The priest was confused, but quickly complied, and a luminescent bubble formed around Ashiana. The druid put her hands together, preparing her most powerful spell: the Full Moon. She’d need to remain stationary during the cast, and the dozens of lightning bolts made that difficult.

Another strain on her concentration was how badly she needed to relieve herself- from both ends. The small amount of mess she’d already lost in her panties pressed up against her, almost telling her to just let go, as she’d already have to wash her underwear. But no, she would hold on. Something that became more and more difficult as numerous lightning bolts hammered into her shield. At each thunderous crack, she could feel her bowels and bladder threatening to empty themselves into her clothes. Though she was miserable, she would not let her needs get in the way of her allies’ protection. Her spell was nearly done charging.

The warriors weren’t having an easy time, either, as they both struggled to pick themselves up from the sand. Both of them were shaken and dazed from the shockwave, and neither of them were completely “with it” when the gargantuan lifted them both into the air with its giant fists. Slowly, it moved the hand holding Cassie directly in front of its face.

Staring into the monster’s eyes, Cassie’s fear overwhelmed her courage, and she screamed in sheer terror. Her white panties drooped inside her armor as she defecated in her underpants. The growing bulge took on a brown discoloration. It continued to expand until it met her plate armor, then continued its expansion to the sides. Though the event couldn’t have lasted more than ten seconds, the adrenaline let Cassie feel every last moment as her panties were filled with her own mess, and stretched as her load coated her entire rear.

Beili only peed a little bit into her panties, but she was more focused on Cassie. She struggled and used every muscle she had trying to bust out of the giant’s grip, but it was in vain. Tears filled her eyes as she saw the gargantuan open its massive maw, and prepare to devour her partner. Just before the bite could be taken, however, she glanced upwards and noticed a shimmer in the sky. That shimmer was rapidly speeding towards the giant naga. Beili watched in awe as an enormous white sphere, nearly the size of the monster itself, crashed into the gargantuan. The force of the impact killed the beast instantaneously, and, in its death throes, it flung the warriors away. Both of whom landed in the sand once more, although Cassie’s landing was a tad squishier than before.

The Sea Witch was furious upon seeing her pet die. She hissed angrily, and raised all four of her hands to the sky. Each of the group members nervously glanced at the sky as it darkened above them. The sound of thunder and flash of lightning was clear in the clouds. As the shield around Ash finally collapsed, she was buffeted by the gale force winds that had only just come into being. An enormous bolt of lightning slammed into the sand not too far from Beili, who yelped and jumped backwards.

“She’s much stronger than she looks...” Ash muttered, she turned to face the priest, “Bhalna, I need you to-” She stopped as she saw the pale, terrified face of the dwarf. For the first time, she noted to stains on her friend’s robe. Her own bravery was holding up, but it was clear they were fighting a losing battle. She swallowed her pride, and said, “Use your shields, protect us all while we escape!”.

Fleeing was a plan Bhalna could get behind. She opened her mouth to speak, but only a whimper emerged, as more lightning crashed into a nearby tree, blowing it to bits. She settled for just nodding in understanding. The spellcasters ran for the warriors, hoping the intent to retreat was clear. Thankfully, it seemed to be, as Beili and Cassie joined them. No ship was worth this much trouble.

As all of them were fleeing, several small tornadoes formed around them. Bhalna’s shields enabled them plow through without much trouble. As Ash prepared to do just that, a powerful bolt of lightning pulverized her shield, and her eyes went wide as powerful winds scooped her right up off of her feet. She cried out for help, but her words were lost in the deafening wind and crash of thunder.

Only Beili turned, and saw her plight. Without a second thought, the pandaren reversed direction and came to the druid’s aid. She took Ash’s hand, and tried with all her might to free her from the tornado. To her credit, she nearly succeeded, but the Sea Witch could hit a stationary target much easier. Both of them were suddenly swallowed up by several new tornados. In the chaos and confusion, both fear and exhaustion finally claimed the two, and they blacked out.

###

Leris and Shay both heard the sudden commotion outside. And both eagerly watched as their guard was called away from their cell to deal with some sort of conflict.

“Do...” Shay began, sounding unsure if she should voice her next thought, “Do you think it’s Bloodsail reinforcements?” She spoke so softly, as though saying the words would aloud would cause them not to be true.

“I’m not sure, but whatever it is...” She put her ear to the wall, listening to the conflict outside, “It’s not doing too bad, from the sounds of things,”. Like Shay, she was hesitant to get her hopes up. Leris looked at their now unguarded cell door. Shay seemed to catch her intention, and hopped up from the bench. Leris had forgotten about her friend’s accidents, but quickly recalled them as she saw the wet stain and flattened bulge on her butt. She then recalled the state of her own pants, and lamented that she wouldn’t have time to change before escaping.

Shay produced a couple instruments, and got to work on the lock. After a few seconds that felt like hours, they were both graced with the most wonderful unlocking sound they’d ever heard. Wasting no time, the two made their way upstairs, onto the deck, but froze as they saw the Sea Witch, not fifteen feet ahead of them. Leris wet herself once again, the stains on her pants growing as new urine poured into them. She didn’t have time to produce too much, so the new piss only reached down to about her knees.

Leris braced to be blown away by lightning, but then realized that the naga wasn’t even looking at them. She seemingly had no idea they were there. With that advantage, Leris took Shay’s hand and sprinted for the edge of the boat, then jumped over. The two of them landed in the ocean with a splash that they hoped would not be audible to the naga, then swam ashore. Looking at the battle, they were elated to see numerous dead naga littering the sands, but they did not recognize the attackers. Whoever they were, Leris praised the Light for their arrival. And for the ocean, as she realized that falling into the water had more or less hidden her accident. She didn’t want to think about Shay’s situation, however. Leris hoped she’d never have to swim with a load in her pants.

Deciding that, whatever the outcome of the battle, it was probably going to be bad for them, the two pirates got up, and fled into the jungle.

###

“Ash?”

“Ash.”

The druid slowly opened her eyes. She recognized the furry pandaren face looming over her. “Beili?” She said, slowly, “What happened? Where…” Her eyes scanned the room, then settled on the pandaren’s exposed bra and panties, “...Are your clothes?” her eyes narrowed, expecting the pandaren to answer with something perverted.

“Same place as yours, probably,” The warrior responded with a simple shrug.

As those words sank in, Ash took full stock of her own body. She, too, had been stripped down to her underwear, and her hands were tied behind her back, and her feet were bound together. She blushed furiously as felt the pandaren staring at her pale-purple skin. Her eyes widened slightly, and she slowly looked down at her crotch to check if she’d wet herself while unconscious. She praised Elune to see that she hadn’t. Her tan panties were as dry as she’d left them. She managed to keep from soiling herself, too. Atleast, more than she already had.

“So where are we?” Ash asked.

“I think we’re inside the ship,”

“Why?”

“Because the naga brought us here,”

“I mean,” Ash replied impatiently, “why did they bring us here?”

“I think they’re looking for something. They mentioned something about an interrogation, and I think their last prisoners escaped, so they’re being more careful with us,”

“Well, atleast that’s a reason to keep us alive,” The end of her sentence was punctuated by an unpleasant noise from her stomach.

“What was that?”

“Nothing,” Ash swiftly replied. She blushed slightly, her cheeks turning a deeper purple.

“Oooooh, you still have to go, don’t you?” Beili asked, chuckling.

“No!” She looked away from the warrior, blushing even deeper.

“So that little bit in your underpants was all, then?”

Ash let out a little “Eep” at Beili’s mention of her accident. Her look of indignation took on a hint of anger as she realized that the pandaren must have been staring at her while she was unconscious, “Were you… Were you ogling me?” She asked, cringing.

“Only a little,” She shrugged, “Enough to know you need a change,”

“Well, you’re wrong; I don’t” A brief moment of silence was ended by another series of rumbles from Ash’s stomach. She doubled over, groaning in pain.

“Ash, just go,” Beili said, as though she were talking to a stubborn child.

“No!”

“You’ll be happier that you did,” The pandaren sat with her back against the wall, getting less enjoyment out of this than Ash would have expected from her, “Besides, the witch uses lightning. You can either go now or go when they start questioning you,”.

Ash thought to herself for a moment, then decided that Beili was right. Kneeling with her knees on the ground, she parted her thighs as much as her tied-up feet would let her. Closing her eyes, she mentally swore at herself, and started peeing. The crotch of her tan panties went several shades darker in only a second. Several trails of pee wound down her legs, and a powerful stream fell straight through the crotch of her underwear as she released more than a day’s worth of pent-up pee. She scrunched up her face, and grunted as she began soiling herself. Her panties swiftly tented out, hard and fast. As the first log collapsed, the bulge in her panties changed from tenting out to drooping. The fabric expanded again as she released more mess, causing her now very full underpants to droop considerably.

She opened her eyes, which had tears in them, “I’m waiting for the part where I’m happier that I took your advice...”

“It’ll take some time,” Beili responded. Though the whole event was certainly pleasing to see, she had more important things on her mind. Such as imminent naga torture.

And speak of the watery devil… The Sea Witch slithered her way up to the cell’s bars. She was flanked by two naga myrmidons who had shown up shortly after the battle. Turns out she had quite a few of them under her command.

“What do you know of the Ssssscepter of the Tidessss?” She asked, none too happily.

“We don’t-” Beili began, before being interrupted by Ash.

“We know all about it,” She answered, earning an alarmed look from the pandaren. This witch was not happy about them being alive, but Ash had a feeling she wouldn’t kill them as long as they knew something she didn’t.

The Sea Witch hissed and raised her hands, lightning crackled between them.

“WHERE ISSSS IT?!” She howled.

“Somewhere you’ll never find it” Ash glared defiantly at the naga, momentarily forgetting about the load in her underwear and the puddle she was sitting in.

“If you will not cooperate...” the witch began, eyeing Beili, “Then perhapsss perssuasion is required,”.

She shot a hand through the bars, and a series of powerful lightning bolts slammed into Beili. The pandaren screamed in pain, and began writhing and spasming on the floor. With electricity coursing through her body, all pretense of bodily control was lost, and her red panties turned dark red as urine spilled into them. Her spastic movements cause spurts of pee to shoot in various directions, but a large puddle still grew underneath her. A loud BRRRRAAAAaaaapppp filled the room, surprisingly audible over the other horrible sounds present. Wet mess rushed out into Beili’s underpants, and a large, round bulge formed on her butt as her panties filled with semi-solid mess.

Finally, it stopped. Beili’s thrashing subsided, and she lay in a puddle of her own piss and mess, panting rapidly. All of her fur stood on end. Beili was right- it was good that Ash had already gone on herself, for she certainly certainly would have lost control upon seeing that. A feeling of powerlessness took root in her. She reassured herself by remembering that the others got away, and know where they are. And Meryl could absolutely sneak aboard the ship. Though their wait may be painful and humiliating, as far as she could guess, they just needed to hold out for rescue. For a brief moment, Ash managed to soothe her fears, and a look of relief washed over her. One that was noticed by the naga.

“Don’t think that it’ssss over, now...” The Sea Witch said, with ice in her voice, “Things are about to get much worse,”.

*051*2018-05-04 07:47

{{8 hours ago, Asuna.bed.wet. said:

Will there ever be a continuation in the future?

}}

Absolutely, I'm just really slow. Truth be told, I've had about 25% of the next chapter done for quite some time. I've been writing a lot of non-omo things, and it's kinda taken me away from most of my omo fiction, but I have no intention of giving up this story. I can't say for sure when the next chapter will be posted, only that it is coming.

