Crime Scene Omo

Author: DespMely

*000*2019-01-03 10:27

I´ve decided to attempt an idea i´ve been toying with for a while – a Crime story involving desperation.

I HOPE this is OK – as somebody not into the actual wetting I can´t say how disturbing/insulting it might be to have a character wet herself due to being murdered – but it will be overwhelmingly about desperation so I think it should be fine.

It´ll be a multi-POV story with the first part being in the POV of the poor victim.

Includes pee desp (minor mention of poo) and wetting due to being murdered – if thats not for you – better skip this story!

Claire was in a hurry.

She bumped into another pedestrian as she speed-walked around a corner, muttering an apology as she scanned the street ahead. Another non-descript city block, no restaurants or stores.

Pressing her legs together tightly, she groaned inwardly as she hurried down the sidewalk, cursing herself for not asking to use the toilet after her job interview. And for the extra tall coffee she´d had beforehand. And for her tiny bladder.

Here she was, 23 years old, in a city she barely knew, lost, and about to pee her pants.

She turned yet another corner, this time barely avoiding running into the woman pushing a stroller, shooting her a brief look before she spotted the store. Selling...who knows what. Claire didn´t care. Pushing through the door, she half-walked, half-hobbled towards the counter and the guy behind it eying her, legs pressed together as much as possible.

„Please…uh…excuse me“ she stammered, feeling herself blush bright red to match her hair color.

„Could I….do you have a restroom I can use?“ She looked at him pleadingly, saw him glance down at her legs.

„Its an emergency!“ she added, almost in a whimper, fidgeting in front of him desperately.

She watched him, willing him to say yes, to point at a door, to her way to relief. To salvation.

„I´m sorry but I´m not allowed to let you“ he said, blushing himself now, apologetic. Claire didn´t care, she was too desperate to care that he was actually pretty cute.

„Please, I can´t…I really can´t hold it. I´ll wet myself if you don´t let me go…I won´t tell anybody i promise! I´ll even buy something…just pleeeeease let me pee!“ she said, as fast as she could, frantic for him to understand the seriousness. Not caring about embarassing herself. Not caring about anything except her full bladder, screaming for relief.

„I really am sorry“ he started, blushing further as he stared at her „but I´m just no allowed to…“ he pointed to a camera in the corner, shrugging. „I need the job….“ He added, embarassed now, too.

In another situation, Claire would have been touched by his obvious empathy. Now, she was just too panicked.

Fighting back a sob of despair, she groaned at him „at least tell me the closed toilets!“ Loud, urgent, rude. She saw him flinch, knew he didn´t deserve this. She didn´t care. Didn´t care either as he glanced down again as she slammed one hand into her crotch, crossing her legs tightly over it to squeeze her pussy.„Sorry….I don´t know the area….“ He muttered, clearly unsure how to act. Probably worried about his floor. Or the fact he´d gotten a visible bulge in his pants. In another situation, Claire might be interested in that too. But not now.

With another sob and whimper, she turned and fled the store, walking on the spot outside.

Walking at least helped a bit with the overbearing pressure of her bladder. She could see nothing else on the street except the woman with the stroller, just turning the far corner. She couldn´t have gone far from the speed which she moved at. Claire started off after her.

She tried to run, but immediately abandoned the attempt when she almost lost it right there and stopped, holding herself again. Starting off again, she found that a almost normally paced walk worked best – she could press her legs together and have her tighs rub against each other as she did. She still had to urinate – desperately – but didn´t feel like it was going to run into her shoes any moment. For now.

„Excuse me!“ she gasped, approaching the woman. She saw her turn, eyes going wide. She probably didn´t look to friendly right now. She tried to force a smile, but it turned into a grimace instead. The woman started to open her mouth, looking worried, moving in front of her stroller, as if to protect it from her. Still looking at her face – flushed, grimacing, sweating, hair and makeup a bit askew. She reached for her bag. To use it to protect herself? To pull out pepper spray? Claire walked on, too desperate to think about that. Stopped a few steps in front of her, immdietely grabbing herself again, squirming on the spot. The woman stared, wide-eyed – and then glanced down at her crotch.

Immediately Claire saw her face soften, understanding. Her face relaxed, she released her grip on her bag and the stroller. Looked back up at her face, smiling compassionately. She understood. Had probably been there herself more than once.

„There´s a public one in the park, honey. Take the next left and you´ll be right at the entrance. Its just inside to the right“ She said even as Claire opened her mouth to ask.

„Thank you“ she gasped, looking at her in gratitude. Gave her a tiny smile then hurried past her, not wasting any precious seconds in small talk. The woman understood.

Claire hurried around the final corner and saw the park entrance 20 meters ahead. With an inward sigh of relief she walked on, intent on finally finding the release she craved.

Passing a tiny alleyway, she saw a dark figure stepping out in the corner of her eyes. An alarm bell went off in her head, overriding her desperate mission. She stepped off the sidewalk and turned towards the figure, not thinking of her bladder for a moment, even though her legs crossed automatically.

The figure resolved into a girl wearing a hooded sweater, about her age. Claire simultaniously sighed in relief and gasped in despair as she felt herself leak into her panties. Hand flying to her crotch she turned towards the park and hurried on with the merest glance at the girl looking at her. Noticing her tightly crossed legs and wiggling torso, but not connecting it in her mind. Not sparing a second though to the mental alarm she´d had. Not caring about anything but finding relief.

Entering the park, she turned right, and could have laughed with happiness at the sight of a small toilet building. Old, none too clean, and unisex. Claire didn´t care. She hobbled towards it, ripping open the door. Sink, dirty floor. 2 stalls, but one without a door, and without a toilet. Rushing for the second stall with one hand in her crotch, she reached for the handle with the other. Tugged – nothing. Jiggled the handle – still nothing.

Panicking, she glanced down. Saw the red indicator. Saw 2 stiletto-ed feet under the door. Heard the soft groan inside and a splatter.

„Occupied“ came another groan from inside.

„Oh god please please hurry its an emergency!“ Claire groaned, pee dancing on the spot, holding her pussy with both hands.

„I´ll try ohhhh“ the girl moaned back with another wave of soft poo into the bowl.

Claire almost started crying as she pee danced at the stall door, staring at it, willing it to open. To let her sit and pee, no matter how filthy the toilet was. She didn´t care. Only cared about keeping her jeans dry. Her panties were already a bit wet.

She turned as she heard the door behind her open, admitting the girl in the sweater. Hood down now, red ponytail swinging as she hurried in, hand between her own legs.

„Oh hi…you waiting for the loo?“ she said, face flushed red as she approached. Claire nodded, staring.

„Guess i´ll have to queue, I hope ist not long.“ The new girl said conversationally. „I am dying for a wee.“ Claire saw her eyes flicker down to her legs and crotch. Saw her smile waver for amoment. Saw her eyes widen slightly, shining. Alarm bell were ringing in her head again, but she didn´t know why. Didn´t care why.

Feeling a longer spurt escape into her panties, she gasped and turned back to the door, reaching up to knock once, twice. „Hurry I can´t wait“ she whimpered.

„Sorry“ came the dreaded reply „I´ll be a ohhhhhh dear while“. The girl inside squirted again, groaning in relief, almost making Claire loose it while she fought back the sobs.

„I can´t hold it…“ she whimpered again, quietly, to herself. The alarm bells were ringing, constantly, in her head. Probably warning of the impending accident. Maybe of something else.

But Claire didn´t care. She couldn´t – not anymore. Not with every ounce of mental strenght she had was devoted to keeping control over her overfull, exploding bladder for one more minute.

„I can´t believe its taking so long“ she heard the girl say behind her. Sounding excited. Probably just desperate.

„Can you knock again please I can´t wait“ she added, voice suddenly quiet.

Automatically, Claire raised her free hand to knock on the stall door. She didn´t think about why the girl didn´t reach around and knock herself, or simply yelled at the girl inside to hurry. She just reached up and knocked. Once, twice.

She felt a small, sharp pain in her lower back, eyes opening in surprise.

She felt hot breath on her cheek.

„Thank you“ she heard the girl whisper, almost a soft moan in her ear. It felt almost nice.

Her back suddenly felt warm, and she started to notice more pain in her back.

She turned around, but the girl was leaving. Suddenly feeling weak, she reached up with her hands to steady herself. But she slid down to her knees anyway, one hand grasping the door handle.

Her mind started to fog, and she felt cold. Except her legs, which were warm – her bladder pumping its contents into her jeans, unchecked. She fought for a moment to stay upright, hand jiggling the stall door handle, before her strenght gave out and she fell backwards to lie in the pool.

„I´m sorry, i´m not finished I must´ve eaten something off“ the girl inside said, groaning as she voided her bowels messily.

Claire didn´t care. She closed her eyes, feeling cold and tired.

And died.

*005*2019-01-14 11:58

Part 2

The murderers POV

I hope you enjoy it - contains mild poo desp

„Oh god hurry up!“ she thought as the elevator sprung into motion. Her legs were clamped together, knees slightly bent as she shifted her weight, feeling her slightly wet panties under her skirt from several leaks she hadn´t been able to stop on the dash from the bus into the building and the elevator. She could scarcely believe her bad fortune that had led her to this – about to pee her skirt in the university elevator.

It had started with her oversleeping, waking up barely in time to still make class. She´d skipped her shower and put her full morning bladder on hold as she rushed through a bite of toast, gathering her things into her backpack and putting on a skirt and top before dashing for the bathroom on the way out. But it´d been locked, and her frantic inquiries had been unheard – or ignored – by her sister in the shower.

So she´d run out of the house with a painfully full bladder, running to the bus stop hoping to quickly pop into the restroom their before she caught her bus. She´d arrived at the stop with a full 3 minutes to spare before her bus – the last that would get her to university in time – meaning more than enough time for a much needed pee. But then the stall had been occupied as well, and the woman in there less than sympathetic to her knocking and pleading as she took a poo.

She´d finally had to rush out as the bus pulled in, hand between her legs, to take her seat on the bus.

At least sitting, and twisting her legs together as tight as she could, helped a little – at least enough so she´d arrived at her stop dry.

But getting up was torture, and her bladder rewarded that torture with a long leak into her panties.

The leaking hadn´t been helped by the dash into the building behind the other students, who took the stairs – something she didn´t dare in her condition. She knew if shed tried that, she´d make a puddle right there, even if the girls room was just one story up. So she´d gone for the elevator, pee dancing like a little girl waiting for it to arrive.

„oh god hurry up!“ she muttered again as the old, slow elevator finally arrived, doors opening in agonizing slowness. Clamping her legs together, she gritted her teeth and half walked, half hobbled down the corridor towards the girls toilet. Just seeing the sign made her loose another, longer spurt into her panties which started to turn very wet, and she fought the urge to hold her pussy – if she pressed her skirt onto her panties now, it would leave a big stain.

She let out a silent groan as two girls passed her and entered the loos ahead of her, walking faster than she could manage in her condition.

„I hope the last cubicle is free“ she thought with despair, knowing she was seconds from a full-blown accident.

As she opened the toilet door, she heard 2 stall doors being closed and locked, the left and right one.

With a last effort she dashed for the middle one and reached for the handle…which didn´t budge.

„Occupied!“ a girl said from the inside, just as the girls flanking her both started to pee.

She just gasped loudly, hands flying to her crotch pressing onto her pussy desperately, her skirt instantly getting a big spot.

„Please…hurry up. I…..I´m about to wet myself“ she moaned, squirming frantically, the sound of two pee streams making her spurt uncontrollably.

„I can´t hold it are you don!“ she half-yelled before the girl had answered.

„Sorry i don´t feel too good…“ the girl replied, followed by a splatter into the loo, which she didn´t really hear anymore.

She felt her control slip, hot urine drenching her panties, skirt, hands, legs. Filling her shoes, and puddling at her feet. She sobbed once – twice. Then stopped.She´d bent over slightly, now straightening up, looking nowhere in particular as she wet herself, uttering a brief moan of relief, eyes misting.

And in her mind, a voice boomed.

„The hunt begins…“

### later that day ###

She crossed her legs tightly as she waited to cross the street, gently bobbing up and down on her heels. She could feel her full bladder, the uppermost button of her jeans pressing against its lower edge now that it had swollen up to its full size after long hours of sipping water and looking for a suitable release. It looked like she´d have to find a toilet soon, without finding what she craved. She cringed in thought, both at her desperately full bladder and the prospect of facing the aftermath that always came of unsuccessful hunts.

Keeping her legs close together, she crossed the street at a brisk pace, turning left towards the nearest public restrooms, at the park. She´d long since memorized all the toilets open or available to the public and could usually tell how busy they were, too. Unfortunately, it would be deserted. Her bladder protested, insisting that this was good, and she sighed as she approached the next corner, her desperation rising again as she set her mind to peeing as quickly as possible.

„Oh I´m sorry…“

The girl that almost collided with her as they both rounded the corner at the same time bumped her shoulder into her arm, making her gasp in surprise. Before she could respond, the girl had continued a few steps, but as she glanced after her she stopped, bent over ever so slightly and pressed her legs together quite obviously.

She had to stiffle a moan as her brain processed the scene. The girl had to pee. Badly. After a moment she hobbled onwards.

Her mind raced. Plans forming, discarded. Schemes consolidating. Even as she thought furiously, she had to squirm on the spot, her bladder screaming for relief. She shut it out, knowing she had to work fast. If she lost it, everything would be ruined.

Coming to a decision, she hurried after the girl, just seeing her enter a shop. A kind-looking lady pushing a stroller was moving down the sidewalk slowly.

She hurried up to her, smiling.

„Excuse me, do you know the nearest public toilet?“ she asked in her best damsel-in-distress voice.

„I am quite desperate“ she added, pee dancing for emphasis, and because she couldn´t stand still anyway.

„Of course“ the lady smiled back kindly. „Just in the park one street over.“

„Thank you!“

She walked off in that direction, knowing of course where it was. She also knew only one stall was left usable in it, and that stall would be free. That would have to be remedied.

Her bladder protested again, telling her to go pee already, and she briefly put a hand into her crotch as she entered the park. Stopping for a moment, squirming on the spot, she scanned the few people walking nearby. Spotting a girl in running gear stretching at a bench, she smiled. Perfect.

Quickly she walked over, removing her hand from her crotch as she dug a fruit juice container from her small backpack, steeling herself to not appear desperate for a few moments.

Stopping beside the girl with her legs slightly apart she had to consciously fight the urge to cross them or clamp them together a she smiled.

„Hey“ she said, making the girl look at her.

She held out the juice „Would you like a juice? They gave me an extra by mistake. Its really good“

She smiled again, invitingly, adjusting her weight to the other foot. Her control almost beginning to waver as she held back the flood of pee by sheer force of will. Finally the girl smiled „Sure, that´d be great, thanks. I´m really thirsty!“„No problem. Take care“ she said, quickly turning and walking off, inwardly groaning as she rubbed her legs together tightly. Glancing back. She saw the girl open the packet and drink. She smiled.

Stopping at a bench nearby she sat down, crossing her legs tightly and moving her butt around.

Trying not to be too obvious, she looked at the girl, stretching again. Nice legs, good butt.

She looked at the entrance of the park, not far off. The desperate one hadn´t arrived, yet. But it shouldn´t be long. Her gaze shifting back to girl, she breathed deeply with anticipation. That should be long, either.

It was only another few moments.

The girl froze mid-stretch, straightening up. She could even see her butt tense in the tight shorts as she put a hand on her stomach before hunching over slightly.

„Oh god“ she heard the girl exclaim before hurridly taking off towards the toilet building just nearby.

Walking stiffly, hand on her stomach.

She stood, following her. As she stood, she had to press her hand between her legs again at the sudden movement. Walking helped – a little. She couldn´t last much longer, either.

As the jogger reached the toilets, she put a hand on her butt and charged inside, slamming the stall door.

„ohhhhhh gooood“ she heard her groan with a loud splatter as she passed the entrance to the loo.

She´d be in there a while.

Approaching the entrance oft he park, she glanced around quickly for the other girl. Nothing yet, but she couldn´t be far. Quickly darting into a small alley just outside the park, the shoved a hand into her crotch and crossed her legs over them.

„Hurry up“ she muttered, desperate for release. In more than one way. It was just moments away, what she´d been waiting, hoping, longing for so long. She danced on the spot desperately. Then, finally. There she came.

She emerged a little too early – saw the girl start in panic. Stopping and crossing her legs tightly, she just stared at her as she held her own pussy, turning to hurry into the park.

Counting to 10, she almost lost control of her own bladder as she followed at a rapid walk, mirroring the girl with her hand in her crotch.

As she reentered the park, she saw her rush into the toilet building.

Face flushing with anticipation, she followed. Opened the door, saw the girl pee dancing at the occupied stall, holding herself. Heard the jogger inside squirting and moaning.

„Oh hi…you waiting for the loo?“ she asked as she hobbled behind the girl, voice made slightly hoarse from the anticipation.

The girl just stared and nodded. She was sure she´d see her rock-hard nipples chafing painfully against her bra, her arousal rising with every movement of the girls legs and butt pee dancing in front of her.

„Guess I´ll have to queue, I hope ist not long.“ She said, barely stiffling a moan as she grabbed her aching pussy again.

„I am dying for a wee“

Seconds stretched as she stared at the girl, unable to look away. Her legs moving as she pee danced, bum swaying. Suddenly she gasped and turned, banging on the stall door in desperation.

„Hurry I can´t wait“ she whimpered, bent over slightly, ass sticking out towards her.

She had to clamp her mouth shut to keep from moaning as she almost orgasmed right there.

„Sorry, I´ll be a ohhhh dear while“ the jogger groaned from the stall, still pooping.

„I can´t hold it…“ the girl sobbed, clearly on the verge.

She took a deep breath, felt her arousal peak. It was time. Her mind cleared as her right hand closed about the handle under her shirt, left lodged firmly between her jiggling legs.

„I can´t believe ist taking so long“ she said, hearing herself as if in a distance.

„Can you knock again please, I can´t wait“

She watched the girl as if in trance, raising her hand to knock. Saw a small wet patch on her butt where she´d spurted too much for her panties to handle. Heard the knocks.

With a fluid motion she drew and brought her hand holding the thin, long blade up and forward, easily piercing the girls clothes and skin, angled up under her ribs.

„Thank you“ she moaned into the girls ear as she leaned against her, shuddering with an intense orgasm that almost made her wet her own pants.

Gripping her pussy tight to stop the spurt that escaped into her panties, she turned and hurried out of the toilet without a glance back at the form lying on the floor.

„Gotta pee gotta pee gotta pee!“ she muttered, looking around outside for a suitable spot. There was no time for subtlety, her bladder reminded her with another spurt soaking into her panties.

Spotting a large tree a few hundred meters off, she started to speed-walk towards it, hand between her legs. A couple of passersby looked at her curiously, one young guy staring with mouth open. She was too desperate to care, angling off the path towards the tree. Left hand still holding herself, she opened the buttons with the right, gasping as she leaked again.

Finally reaching the cover of the large tree she let go of her crotch, frantically tugging at her pants. As they came off, she started squatting as pee errrupted through her panties before she could yank them off.

Pissing furiously she sank into a squat, back against the tree, letting out a deep, soft moan of relief as she released her pee into the dirt, shuddering again as a second, equally powerful orgasm rocked through her body, making her clamp one hand over her mouth to keep from screaming.

After what felt like ages her stream stopped and she quickly pulled up wet panties and pants and walked of determinedly towards another exit, flushed and content.

As she left the park, she heard faint screams behind her, coming from the direction of the park ladies room.

