Messenger Teasing

Author: desertfc

*000*2019-04-25 07:18

Something a little different for you today. the following is a mock-up of a messenger conversation i had with a friend (we were a couple for a while, but I moved away for work and now we're FWB on and off). she's into omo, but i don't think she's on the site.

This is not the actual conversation, by the way, i have substantially rewritten most of it. even so, it's heavily based on our actual conversation, and most of the stuff we talk about really did happen (e.g. this first convo really did start with her talking about her new dog). i got her blessing to write this up here with names i invented for her and her friend and she's even thinking about contributing one herself. anything she writes will most likely be posted here through me, though (so i can make sure she doesn't post anything too compromising haha).

So this one below is based on the first time i started to realise that she was into omo herself (she used to like teasing me about omo stuff before that, but i hadn't realised by then that it meant something to her, too).

Anyway, let me know if you like the idea!

- Des

*

*

*

Tuesday, 9th of June, 2015

Stef says: heeyyyyy

Stef says: you home?

Stef : guess who turned up today

Des: hey

Des: oh, your puppy?

Stef :

Stef : *picture of Tenterfield Terrier pup attached here*

Stef : how cute is he?!!

Stef : you wanna come oer and see him?

Des: ive got work tonight, you have fun

Stef : so?

Des: ill come over tomorrow

Stef : havn't you got like two hours before your shift starts? the bar doesnt open til 5

Stef : i want him to meet dozer!!

Des: uh

Des: maybe we want to give it a month or two before introducing himto Dozer

Des: Dozer would probably eat him

Stef : yeah, probably...

Stef : dozer's a sfotie though

Stef : *softie

Stef : I want them to be friends!!

Des: dozer barely tolerates you coming over

Des: he almost bit your leg off the first time you were over at mine

Stef : Yeah omg that was scary as fuck ahaha i pissed my pants when he ran over barking!

Stef : he loves me now though

Des:

Des: thats a bit of an exaggeration

Des: you wetting yourself, not him loving you!! haha

Stef : hmmm!

Stef : if only you knew

Des: what

Stef : lol

Stef : nah, wasnt that bad

Stef : undies may have been a bit damp when i got home though

Stef : but i didnt like full on wet myself haha

Des: hmmm okay!

Stef : just a little haha

Des: thought I would have noticed a puddle

Des: I guess you could have blamed it on him being excited!

Stef : it was me that was excitedd!!!

Stef : scared anyway!!

Stef : but oh well

Des: you scare too easily

Des: you won't even let me take you to a horror movie

Stef :

Stef : no horror movies!!

Stef : why do you like them anyway? i hate being scared!

Des: why'd you come to that zombie puzzle room then?

Stef : puzzle rooms are different theyre not scary!

Stef : besides i had you there to protect me

Des: i'd be there with you in the cinema too!

Stef :

Stef : no!

Stef : a couple of years back i was staying over at a friends place and we watched the blair witch project

Stef : i have never been so terrified in all my life

Des: the blair witch project?!

Des: your kidding right

Stef :

Des: its not even scary!

Stef : hey fuck you, man

Stef : i told you i cant deal with horror movies

Stef : i had a horrible nightmare after that and I wet the bed

Des: haha really?!?

Stef : its not funny!!

Stef : her mum had to wash the sheets in the morning

Stef : i was mortified!!

Stef : how would you like it if i peed the bed next tme im staying over?!

Des:

Stef : i bet youd like that too

Stef : probably gets you off

Des: hey, you're the one who brought it up!

Stef : dont change the subject!

Stef : i remember when lucy and me came back from the pub the other day and we were both needed the bathroom but you were in there

Stef : you came out and had a tent in your pants!

Stef : and you were definetely switched on later

Des: well, you were away for the week, and it had been a long week

Des: i was just glad you were home

Stef : sure sure

Stef : anyway, thats not so bad, right

Stef : if you're into it

Des: hmmm

Stef : your not hurting anyone

Stef : so tomorrow after work

Stef : ill come over

Stef : we can netflix and chill

Stef : maybe if your lucky i mgiht have a few too many drinkies

Stef : who knows what might happen!!

Des:

Des: lol do i need to put a plastic sheet down on the couch?

Stef : SEE?! i knew it!

Des: knew what?

Stef :

Stef : just make sure you've got food! ill prob be hungry

Stef : but dont get the turkish again

Stef : we've had that way too much recentley

Des: I did a shop today, we've got heaps of stuff

Des: will just cook a curry or something

Stef : okay

Stef : but not too much chilli this time!!!!

Stef : i dont wanna be running for the bathroom!!

Des: you'll have to anyway if you're having all those drinks

Stef : hmmm maaaaayybe

Stef : or i might have other ideas

Des:

Stef : but still keep the curry mild for me please

Des: i know! i know!

Des: spice wimp

Stef :

Stef : laters. see you tomorrow

*

