The Fire That Burns In Her Soul - Page 2

Author: Daredare205

*000*2025-07-07 14:48

"It looks like she's starting to find her core." Mumbled a large man with boar-like tusks, who was supposed to be organizing the firewood from last week's exploration of the forest, but had stopped his chores when he noticed the crowd that had gathered around a viewing crystal that was currently showing Roxy in the other world.

"It's like a toy that been smashed into pieces..." This voice came from a young girl with fox-like features. She had reddish amber eyes, rather developed ears compared to her small size and young age, and a tail that stood at attention. "The pieces have gotten so distant from each other that they're developing separate personalities and attempting to create their own forms."

A larger male with fox-like features and a large frame like a rhinoceros placed his hand on the young girl's head, gently pushing her ears to the side as his massive hand gently rubbed the top of her head, earning him a youthful, affectionate smile as her head leaned upwards, pushing his hand further down into her fur as he continued his affectionate head pets. "Every day, you remind me more and more of your mother. She too had the gift of sight." His voice fell to a low volume. "Although hers was a bit... Different..."

"Different how?" The young girl asked her father.

The man rubbed the back of his head. He had not realized he'd said that last part out loud... "Oh... uh... I'll tell you over lunch."

The girl pouted, but did not press further. Her mother had passed away when she was too young to remember. All she had left of her mother were drawings, paintings, stories, spell books and scrolls, and that statue of her mother in the center of town which was in line with 3 other statues of people she didn't recognize.

Shouldn't be long now before the first wall breaks, and with it, the first item should release its grip. This thought belonged to Scarlett, who was watching the viewing crystal along with the rest of the crowd. What a strange place Lyren's Rest was... A wandmaker, a grand enchanter, and many others that would normally be considered exceptionally gifted, standing in a crowd like they were just part of the common folk around here.

While the show within the viewing crystal continued, showing Roxy chatting with Kira as her body began to regain its normal size and proportions, the father and daughter duo had retreated to their house to prepare a meal. A warning stone was used to boil water, and into the water went a mix of seasonings that the family swore never to reveal to the outside world. It was something the large man's late wife had seen in a vision, and he wanted to keep it as a family secret: the secret mix of spices and seasonings that turned ordinary soup into something extraordinary. One hour was all it took to make a simple vegetable soup centered around potatoes, carrots, and a strange plant that looked similar to green beans, but was uniquely not found in the human world. With their special soup in their bowls, and the spoons made by the late wife of the household, the daughter followed her father to the four statues in the center of town.

"Before we begin" the father said, giving his daughter that look that said *you need to hear this*, "I should tell you that this is not a happy story, but it does have a happy ending."

Her ears and facial expressions settled somewhere between curious and confused. "How can it be unhappy but also be happy?"

"That, my little sunshine, is one of the greatest mysteries of this world."

As the man began, his daughter found herself so immersed in the story that no quotation marks or perspective descriptions were needed. It was one of those moments where a simple story made of words told an entire life's story, and the meaning stretched much further than simple words.

I met your mother only four days after the great shattering. She was lost, hungry, tired, and angry. Like many who had survived the tragedy, she had attempted to return home, only to find a smoldering crater where her hometown had been. You know of the great shattering, how it split the flow of magic into ley lines, how previous save zones had become smoldering craters, how entire cities had been reduced to debris... What you don't know, is what caused it.

At the time, she went by the name Roxella Steamlight. And was a wandering spirit known for her unique way of explaining the natural order in a way that made it easy for anyone to understand, even if they disagreed with her. She was also known for her incredibly dense magic charge, which created a core so potent that it seemed to create a glowing aura around her. She was only visible to those with the gift of sight.

Your mother met Roxella during a rare moment of instability. Roxella's normally perfectly stable core had been fluctuating, a response to the turmoil within her mind. A few hours prior, Roxella had performed a miracle at a nearby village, saving several people from certain death, and creating a stable supply of local food. This was the first time she had performed a blessing upon request.

When another nearby village heard of what had happened, they saught a blessing of their own, however, none of the people of that village possessed the sight. They never found Roxella, despite her being right there. Finding herself unable to help this starving village, her mind began to wander... What if she could have a body? Then everyone would be able to see her. Roxella petitioned a young spirit enchanter to create a body suitable of withstanding her power, then bind her soul to that body. The idea was simple: make Roxella available to everyone, not just the people that could see spirits.

Nobody knew that performing such a spell would destroy a boundary that had existed since the beginning of time, and create other boundaries that would last into eternity. When Roxy was bound to the prepared body, a connection was made between the world of the living, and the world of the spirits. These two worlds were fundamentally opposite, and the resulting energy ripple threatened to tear the worlds apart.

And so it began. Rivers of magic condensed into ley lines, cities crumbled, entire countries were reduced to smoke and ash, and the world began to shatter. The longer this continued, the worse it would get. Your mother was one of four great wizards that stopped this cataclysm from completely destroying the world. Once the tragedy had been brought to a stop, two things were obvious: first, Roxella was gone. Nobody knew where she went, or if she even still existed. Second, the damage was already done. No amount of wishing or spellcraft could restore the world to what it had once been.

That's when she appeared. A small, cat-like person with midnight blue fur, lavender eyes, and a presence that felt like more than just a person. The moment she appeared, she began crying. She cried for days, never growing tired, never hungry, never thirsty, just endlessly crying. Eventually, her tears dried up, and she began searching for something. She said she was missing a part of herself. When asked, she was never able to fully describe what part she was missing, only that she knew she was missing it. It took years to understand what was going on. This little creature was one of many children of the forest... A piece of what had once been Roxella.

Your mother spent her entire life following and helping this creature, and along this long and difficult journey, she grew closer to this creature, giving it the nickname of Roxy. She also began having visions of great disasters, along with ways to prevent them. She had gained a new and unique version of the sight. She used this to create prosperity, to usher in an era of peace, and to have a family, but it was not to be.

Your mother never realized that she too had been touched by the great shattering that split the world. Only she remembered the humans... Only she knew of the other world... The world that had been separated during the great shattering. When she settled down with me and we had you, the most wonderful thing that's ever happened to me, her core became distant. It was slow at first, random spells would misfire or fizzle out, she'd have a hard time remembering specific things, them it became pronounced. Within only 5 days, she had become bedridden. Her body was failing her. We tried everything. That's when we learned the price of being touched by the great shattering. When that power is passed down to a child, the mother can no longer exist.

*003*2025-10-01 17:36

{{On 9/18/2025 at 7:58 AM, ash_pikachu said:

Please continue this

}}

No.

*004*2025-10-01 18:19

"Kitten... Gloves?" Roxy muttered this to herself as she awoke in a bed so impossibly soft that it had to be some kind of foreign magic she'd never heard of before. She looked at her paws once again. Yep. She was wearing kitten gloves, or a more sturdy and also softer version of kitten gloves... How could they be both sturdier and softer? She attempted to remove the gloves, but they wouldn't budge. She pulled harder, putting genuine effort into her right arm as she forced the garment free from her left paw. There was a sharp, pulling and tearing sensation as the glove was torn free. 

She checked to see if she was bleeding, examining her paw for any visible damage. Luckily, her paw seemed fine, despite her right paw now holding a lock of fur that had just belonged to her left paw. The gloves... Where were the gloves? What were the gloves? Didn't matter, she had more pressing concerns at the moment... How were the sun and the moon out at the same time? Wasn't she in a bedroom? Where were the walls, the floor, the ceiling? The moment she looked at the sky and then looked back down, the bed had also disappeared, yet she had not fallen to the ground.

"Am I... Floating?" Gravity seemed to choose that moment to decide that it did in fact have a job to do, ripping her out of her weightless state and pulling her to the ground where she found herself in a meadow that seemed to stretch endlessly in all directions. Upon trying to find the end of the meadow, she found herself drawn to the beautiful contrast in the sky. To her left, it was nighttime, bringing out the pale green stars and blood-red crescent moon. To her right, it was daytime, bathing the meadow in a strange mixture of golden light and blue shadows... Hadn't her old teacher told her before about something that would happen only a few days after she experienced the calling? 

Something about impossible truths and hidden energies? She tried her best to remember, but whatever memory may be buried in the depths of her mind wasn't coming to the surface at the moment. Was this truly a meadow? No, it had to be some kind of illusion, or... An artificial dimension. That's what her teacher had told her about! A world all to herself where she was supposed to look for things that were important to her... But did she ever truly treasure anything?

"Roxy! Roxy, over here!" She knew that voice. A long lost friend from the mana kitten program, one of very few so called magiglowers. His life had been tragically short, as the flame within him was more than his body could handle, and he eventually quite literally went out in a blaze of glory as he singlehandedly saved the village from a volcano that had erupted the opposite direction from what the village seer had predicted. How was he here? What could have brought him to her right now?

"You look... You look great!" Roxy hadn't realized she'd said this out loud until she'd already blurted it out in an excited shout.

"Thank you! You're looking pretty good yourself! Still haven't aged I see..." The child said, seeming to question that last part. While he seemed lost in thought, Roxy took in his appearance. He looked exactly as he did that day... The fire in his eyes, the golden-blue glow where his wrists met his paws, the orange hues cast behind him, as if some sort of unseen fire was still burning...

As soon as she got a truly good look at him, he was gone, and Roxy was once again alone in the unending meadow.

"A soul field..." She said to no one in particular, wondering how such a phenomenon could possibly take a form so natural. True, the colors were off, and the whole day and night at the same time thing was weird, but it was a meadow nonetheless. How could it possibly be a meadow? Weren't soul fields supposed to represent the turmoil and agony within one's inner world?

A knocking sound pulled her from her contemplation. It sounded like a clawless hand striking solid wood... Roxy looked up to see... She was still in the bedroom. Had she been here the whole time?

Another set of knocking sounds.

"C-come in" Roxy said, excited to see Kira again. After all that madness with the Mustang and the loss of her physical form and then the soul field, she was glad to be seeing a real familiar face. However, when the door opened, it was not Kira who was there. It was a child. A child that was screaming in joy and bouncing up and down, motioning wildly for someone to hurry up and come see! Hurry up grandma! She's awake! You were right! She's awake!

"Honey, we've been through this. She's never going to wake up. I don't know much about her kind, but I do know that she lost something the night her body- OH MY GOD YOU'RE AWAKE! I THOUGHT I'D NEVER GET TO TALK TO YOU AGAIN!" The old lady leaned forward, her shaking arms furiously bracing herself against some sort of walking device with wheels as she began coughing ferociously.

"And you are... Who? Have I met you?"

"You really don't remember me?" The realization seemed to drain the life from the old lady's eyes as she found a chair and sat down, seemingly defeated. "Is it normal for your kind to forget the people whose lives they've saved?"

"No. If I'd saved someone's life, I'd definitely remember that." Roxy took a sec to wonder how she would word this next part. "May I ask who I'm speaking to?"

"I'm Ki-"

"Grandma Kira never stopped talking about you, you know! She said you're someone who should be respected and cherished, even if it meant waiting a lifetime!"

"How long..." Roxy muttered to herself, just now realizing that she'd effectively missed the entire lifetime of her only real friend in this strange world.

*007*2025-10-03 08:55

Once again, Roxy had only looked away for a second, and the entire area had changed once more. She recognized this room, the solid stone walls, the gentle glow of the orange lanterns that spread a warm, comforting light across her bed made of squmf: A very resilient plant that resembles long bladed grass. When pulled taught and infused with whispering wind magic, it makes for a sturdy yet surprisingly soft bed. Due to the nature of the wind magic used to soften the squmf, it's very easy to clean by just hitting it with a small amount of wind magic and it'll blow any impurities off of itself. It also has a sort of cooling sensation when lying on it, as it never truly stops moving the tiniest amounts of air between the woven stands of squmf. It was funny how she could remember making this bed with the help of her parents, but she couldn't remember her last meal.

"YOU COWARD!" This blatant insult came from Daisy, whose fiery appearance was looking even more fired up today. "You could've just blown the damn thing away and been done with it. I like the other Roxy better! She actually has a clue how to use her power!" Daisy scoffed and walked away, disappearing as quickly as she had popped up out of nowhere.

"Coward... Hmmm..." This thoughtful, slightly doubtful sounding voice believed to Stella, whose eyes held an icy coldness Roxy had never seen before. "No... I don't think you're a coward, but you definitely need to work on using your head. You've got me! I'm literally barrier magic incarnate! Yet, instead of asking for help, you chose to use your own unstable power to change the course of physics. You're lucky the only consequence was the temporary loss of your physical body. You're not a coward... You're a hopeless moron." Just as Daisy had just done, Stella vanished as quickly as she had popped into existence from seemingly nowhere.

Roxy hung her head, looking at the ground despite not really using her eyes at the moment. She was in her own little world of self doubt and contradiction. Wait. The ground... What happened to her bedroom floor? She looked up to find an eerily lit sky, as if lit from underneath. The moon was to her left, now a dark, angry red. The sun was to her right, now a deep black of despair.

"I told you to stop running away like that! What if something had happened to you?! We'd have no idea where you were or how to help!" This voice came from her mother, currently crying while also so visibly angry that her magic was beginning to condense into a harsh glow around the edges of her paws, a sign that the energy within her was not flowing smoothly.

"I'm sorry" Roxy answered, feeling a tear fall down her cheek and hit the ground.

"You better be! The next time I saw you make your mother cry like that, I'm gonna make you wish you were never born!" This voice belonged to her father, currently so angry that magic was leaving his eyes like little lighting strikes trying to cook the air.

Roxy was in the middle of forming a thought, something along the lines of "I get it now", when she felt a tap on her shoulder. She looked over to find Kira, still young and giddy, just the way she was when Roxy had met her at the rest stop.

"Are you okay?" Kira looked genuinely concerned for her friend, more than when her body had melted away... "You started talking to nobody and then you started crying... Did... Did you remember something bad?"

That's it! That had to be it! Her inner turmoil, the doubts that had formed the soul field... It was nothing more than the fear of being useless...

"I think my mind just began to wander. Thank you for bringing me back, my friend." That was the first time Roxy felt a genuine smile since she'd first found herself in this strange world. She hoped she'd have many more moments like this in the future!

*008*2025-10-03 22:26

"Father, father, wake up! Someone powerful is coming!" The voice belonged to the young girl that had just gone to bed after spending the day in fascinated wonder about her mother's life, about the piece of Roxella that her mother had traveled with, and wondering if she'd ever get to partake in such an exciting lifestyle.

"Starla..." The voice, belonging to the girl's massively muscular father sounded both irritated and exhausted, then he took a breath and realized what was going on. Starla had never met Jakol, she only knew of his unique high quality magic tools. "That's Jakol, the man who lives at the top of the mountain. He usually comes into the village to celebrate change. I wonder what's gotten his attention this time..."

"You mean the elken enchanter? Scarlet said he's the only one with elk blood who can cast enchantments, isn't that exciting!"

How could a father possibly say no to the amazement and wonder in those eyes of hers? Looks like he was getting out of bed to greet an old friend. Before he could leave the house to ask Scarlet if she'd sensed anything unusual, he felt the presence wash over his entire house. Knock, knock... He politely opened the front door to find an old friend, holding a staff that looked very different from anything he'd seen before.

"Jakol, come on in, old friend." There was an entire conversation between the eyes of the girl's father and the not-quite-as-massive elken enchanter. Are the duties of a grand enchanter truly so boring that you'd venture down to our little village for entertainment?"

"Grotius, it is good to see you again, my friend. Straight to the point as always, I see." Jakol took a moment to study the girl partially hiding behind Grotius's massive legs, looking on with a mix of fear and excited curiosity. He looked at the new staff he was holding, then to the girl, and a realization seemed to dawn in his eyes. "Let me just put this down for the moment." As he set the staff down, an energy seemed to settle, removing the heavy presence from the house. The girl peaked out a bit further from behind her father's massive legs, her eyes now studying the staff that had just been leaned against the doorway. "My apologies" Jakol began "I'm still getting used to the rather unique properties of these new runes I've been working on. I'm sorry if I scared you." His seaweed green eyes were sincere, settling on the girl with a certain caring warmth in them.

"You're making your own unique runes now? Wouldn't that make you a-"

"A HIGH ENCHANTER! I'VE NEVER MET ONE OF THOSE BEFORE! TELL ME, JUST HOW STRONG ARE YOU!!!!!" The girl was practically jumping with excitement at this point, having seemingly forgotten her terror from just a moment ago.

"Now, now, I get the excitement, but I'm not a high enchanter just yet. I haven't gone to Rorke's Dawn for my reclassification yet. Calling myself a high enchanter before I'm officially given the title would be arrogant of me, and we wouldn't want that, would we now?" Somehow, his voice had struck a balance between a calm explanation and an exciting story. "More importantly, what in heaven's glow is your viewing crystal doing? Did someone finally break that ancient thing?"

It had been a few hours since anyone had interacted with the viewing crystal and its gaze had begun to wander. After all, without anyone to give it direction, its aim was like a high pressure hose left open with nobody holding it still, just flailing about spraying water everywhere. That was when it suddenly stopped its random shifting, settling on a scene unfolding in the human world.

And with that, I must leave you and get ready for work. I just had a bit of inspiration but not enough time for a proper chapter. I'll continue this in a few days once the weekend gig work excitement is over 🙂

