A Very Desperate Thanksgiving

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2024-11-29 19:49

A Very Desperate Thanksgiving

Jill was glad that she was able to have Thanksgiving breakfast with her friends. She had just moved to the city recently and her family lived too far away for her to travel to them this year, so it was nice that Jill is able to get together with some of her friends for breakfast.

Jill had a big breakfast of pancakes and sausage, and for whatever reason that was making her really thirsty, so she found herself drinking a lot of orange juice. She knew that orange juice wasn't very good because orange juice always made her have to pee like crazy right away, but she figured that she would be able to go to the bathroom before leaving.

"Well it looks rather crowded with everybody coming to see the Thanksgiving day parade," Jack said as he looked out the window.

"Yeah that's a lot of people," Jill said looking out the window.

"Yeah I think that I will probably watch the Thanksgiving day parade for a while," Tonya said.

"Yeah it's always kind of nice to see the Thanksgiving day parade," Rebecca said as they all sat there chatting as Jill sat there drinking glass after glass of orange juice. She didn't know what was making her so thirsty but she was drinking quite a bit.

Surprisingly they had spent a long time having breakfast. Jill lived over an hour away and normally when she gets to a new place she would check out the bathroom right away, but now they had gotten to chatting, and now it had been a good 2 1/2 hours since she left home, and she could feel all of that orange juice really hitting her bladder.

"Excuse me I will be right back," Jill said as she got up to use the ladies room only to frown as she saw the sign said out of order. She didn't want to panic right away but she really really did need to use the bathroom, why did she drink so much damn orange juice? Nothing seemed to make her have to pee as badly as orange juice, and sometimes that made her have to do more as well and now she was feeling the need for both. "Dammit," she said as she returned to her table with her friends who were chatting casually, but Jill could feel that she had the need to get out of there. She didn't want to admit to her friends that she wanted to get out of there so she could find a place with another bathroom but she was already crossing her legs underneath the table. Didn't any of her friends need to go to the bathroom as well?

"So does anyone want to see the Thanksgiving day parade now?" Rebecca said.

"Yeah, just let me use the bathroom a second, I have to piss like crazy," Jack said as he ran over to the men's room and a moment later he was back looking content. Jill had to admit she was feeling a little antsy and nervous, and for a moment she even thought about using the men's room, but she figured that there would probably be another bathroom soon enough.

"So is everybody ready to go?" Tonya said as everybody stood up and as soon as Jill stood up again she could feel that pressure going right to her bladder. Why did the bathroom have to be closed? But she didn't want to embarrass herself in front of her friends who were always saying that she had too much of an obsession with always going to the bathroom everywhere.

They paid their check, and they soon went out onto the street where Jill had to admit that now her bladder was screaming out for relief. She didn't want to tell her friends that she wanted to go looking for a bathroom but she figured that they would probably only be at the parade for a little while.

As they stood there watching all of the floats go by Jill had to admit it was hard for her to concentrate because all she could think about was all of that juice that had made its way to her bladder. She could see that her friends were much more casual about enjoying the parade but she actually felt like she had to get out of there soon, because she really needed a bathroom.

"It's a pretty nice parade isn't it Jill," Rebecca said.

"Oh yeah, I have never seen a parade before, but yeah there are so many people crowded around everywhere," Jill said as she couldn't remember the last time she had seen this many people crowded out onto the streets, and she was wondering what they were doing for their bathroom needs.

"Are you distracted Jill, you look like your mind is elsewhere," Tonya said not noticing that Jill was pressing her knees together and sort of bending awkwardly.

"No no, it's just it's a little bit cramped in here I felt like I needed to do some stretching," Jill said starting to stretch around but right now she really was unable to think about anything except for getting to a bathroom.

Over the next couple of minutes, Jill stood there consistently crossing her legs discreetly. Luckily it was so crowded nobody really knew what she was doing.

"Mom I really have to go to the bathroom," Jill heard a girl's voice say behind her as Jill saw another woman pulling her young daughter along complaining.

"I told you there are no bathrooms around here," the mother said as all of the sudden Jill practically wanted to whimper. Did she just say that there were no bathrooms?

"You know guys this parade is great and everything but I really think that I should probably get going, you know I live over an hour away, and I know that you probably all have your families to see this afternoon," Jill said.

"Yeah we probably should get going but it was nice seeing you Jill, and I hope you can enjoy the rest of the parade," Tonya said as she and the others waved to her as they started walking off.

Jill waited until her friends were out of sight because she didn't want them to see her running like a maniac looking for a bathroom, but now that her friends were gone she needed to get to a bathroom, and she needed to get to a bathroom quickly.

Jill started running up and down the streets which were clogged with people, so she wasn't able to move very quickly. She started looking at every store but she saw that it seemed like every store along the parade route was closed. She forgot that that one restaurant that they went to for breakfast was one of the few places around here that was open.

"Okay Jill don't panic, there has to be a bathroom around here somewhere," she said as she continued walking up and down the streets pushing her way through crowds of people but finding every single store for several blocks completely closed.

Jill always found herself rather nervous in these kind of situations, especially as she had a fair degree of social anxiety. She didn't like to ask strangers questions but right now her need to find a bathroom overrode any kind of social inhibition she was feeling.

"Excuse me, but do you know where I can find a ladies room," Jill said tapping a woman on the shoulder as the woman started speaking in Spanish and Jill had no idea what she was saying. "Nevermind."

Jill continued walking, stopping every few minutes to cross and then uncross her legs, and now she was feeling positively frantic. She eventually came up to another woman and she was about to blurt out her question before she noticed that the other woman seemed like she was in a similar predicament.

"Do you know where a bathroom is?" they both said simultaneously.

"Well it looks like we have the same problem," the woman said. "My name is Shawna."

"Jill," Jill said as they shook hands. "I really really need the bathroom, like this is a serious bathroom emergency. Why are all of the stores closed? I mean okay it's a holiday, but you would think that they would have at least a couple of stores open or at least a bathroom somewhere. They have this huge crowd of people coming for this parade and obviously these people are going to need a bathroom at some point."

Shawna nodded. "I mean yeah, these people really don't take things into account, you have literally thousands of people here, maybe even tens of thousands of people coming to the city to see the Thanksgiving day parade, and it seems like there are no bathrooms anywhere."

Jill had found a kindred spirit. "So what are we going to do?"

"I mean maybe if we keep walking we will find a store that will let us use the bathroom, even if we have to buy something."

The two of them nodded as they began making their way through the crowds of people pushing their way past people who were bumping into them, which was certainly not the thing that you wanted to experience when your bladder was painfully full.

First they came across what looked like a bunch of porta potties but the lines for the bathrooms were snaking down the block.

"Maybe we should just get in line," Jill said looking at the line and how it was snaking down the block.

"You see how long this line is, do you really think that you can wait in this line, this line is probably at least an hour long," Shawna said.

"Yeah but at least we know that there are toilets, porta potties aren't the nicest toilets, but at least here we know that there are some bathrooms," Jill said looking ahead at the line. She knew that the line was probably almost as long as it would take her to walk home, but she thought that maybe it was still a little bit better than walking home with a full bladder. Maybe the line would move quickly.

Shawna shook her head. "Well you can wait in line, I am going to keep looking, I'm not one for using porta potties, those things are nasty. I mean I have to go pretty badly but using a porta potty at a crowded parade, no thank you, I'll take my chances elsewhere, good luck Jill."

"Good luck Shawna," Jill said as she got in line but she could see that the line was snaking way down the block, she could barely even see the beginning of the line. Maybe Shawna was right, maybe she should just keep looking, in the time it would take her to wait in that line surely she would have to find someplace that was open.

"Oh my God is this the line," said another woman pressing her knees together as Jill nodded. "Oh dear Lord, why don't they provide more bathrooms at events like this, this city is horrible for bathrooms, they have thousands of people and all they provide is a bunch of porta potties with a line a mile long down the block."

"I came here with someone else, and she thought that she was going to take her chances looking elsewhere, but I think that waiting for a sure thing is better than looking for something that's uncertain," Jill said as the woman nodded. "My name is Jill."

"My name is Paula," the other woman said as they shook hands and started making small talk as they continued to watch the parade go by. At least they actually had something to entertain them but like earlier it was difficult for Jill to concentrate on a parade when she had to go to the bathroom so bad.

Jill was waiting for a good 20 minutes in line but the line wasn't moving very quickly, but she found herself repeatedly crossing and uncrossing her legs. She couldn't remember the last time she had to go to the bathroom this badly. Why did she stupidly drink all of that orange juice and eat all of those pancakes, as she could feel her stomach rumbling and her bladder aching?

"Oh my God this line is moving so slowly," Jill said as she looked in an alley not far away and she could see a bunch of men peeing on the walls, which certainly didn't make her situation any better, as she immediately turned forward and once again looked at the endless line in front of. The fact that there were a bunch of men peeing in the alleyway was certainly not making her situation any less unbearable.

"You know if I were a younger woman I probably would think about peeing in the alley myself," Paula said. "I don't think I can effectively squat anymore though."

Jill nodded and continued waiting in line and bending at her knees. Now she was practically doing the pee dance and doing little butt squats, and she only did that when she was really desperate from both ends of the spectrum.

After waiting in line for a half-hour Jill was practically ready to scream, but that was when she saw a familiar face, it was Shawna, who was waving over to her in the bathroom line and smiling.

"So you decided to go with the line huh?" Shawna said as she laughed. "How's that working out for you?"

"Not so good, what about you," Jill said as she noticed that Shawna looked a lot more comfortable.

"I found a bathroom at a Starbucks about 10 minutes from here, though they make you buy something but the bathrooms there are pretty nice, and as far as I can tell they are the only store open right now, and they are surprisingly crowded and doing good business for Thanksgiving I would say," Shawna said.

"Did you say 10 minutes away?" Jill said I she looked at the long lines still snaking in front of her. "You know what I think that I will try the Starbucks, because this line is impossible. What do you say Paula?"

Paula shook her head. "You know I have been waiting in this line for a long time already, I am not going to lose my place in line to go looking for another place to pee."

"Do you think maybe you can hold my spot in line," Jill said.

"I can try but I can't promise anything," Paula said as Jill looked at Shawna.

"Show me to the Starbucks, quick," Jill said as Shawna started pointing down the street as Jill followed quickly behind her. Jill was pretty much sprinting like she was running the New York City Marathon, and they finally arrived at the Starbucks, which looked like it actually was pretty crowded.

"Your chariot awaits madam," Shawna said as she laughed and Jill followed her into the store. She could see that there was a little bit of a line to the bathroom but she figured that it was better than waiting another half hour or 40 minutes in line for the porta potties.

"Bathrooms are for customers only," a man said as Jill reluctantly reached into her wallet and bought a small coffee and got in line for the bathroom.

"Shawna seriously thank you, I guess it's nice to know you can always depend on the kindness of strangers in situations like this," Jill said as she stood in line with her legs tightly crossed leaning against the wall to take some of the pressure off of her bladder.

"Hey I know when someone really has to go how terrible it is, I barely made it myself, but at least this is a nice clean restroom, so I'm glad that I took the chance, I don't think I would have made it waiting in line with you for those disgusting porta potties," Shawna said as she noticed that Jill was drinking down her coffee. "Are you sure you want to drink all of that?"

Jill smiled. "Just a few sips, it does actually help to warm me up on a cold day like this, and cold is never good for my bladder, besides I paid for it and I am about to get to the bathroom any minute now. God why are there so many lines to the bathroom everywhere, the men's room is always completely empty, but it's like you can't find a women's bathroom for free or without a line in this city."

"Tell me about it," Shawna said. "And on a holiday when everything is closed like this forget about it, it was a miracle that I found this place, I guess luck is on both of our sides that we just happened to run into each other."

Jill squeezed her legs tightly together, as there were only five women ahead of her in line, and she was finally about to get relief. But as she stood there in line she couldn't help but notice that the line wasn't moving for a good five minutes.

"Oh my God what is taking so long," Jill said.

"Well you know that sometimes coffee can do a number on your bowels as well as your bladder," Shawna said laughing. "I'll admit I was hogging the bathroom earlier, the way I see it I paid to use the bathroom, I was going to take my time and enjoy myself."

Jill didn't want to admit it but it was true she felt like now she had to do more than just urinate, and that was making her urge to urinate even worse.

"Okay everybody, I am afraid that the store is closing, it's the holidays, so we were only open a few hours today, everybody has to clear out," the store owner said as he came out.

"I just have to use the bathroom," Jill said. "I bought a coffee, I earned my right to use the bathroom!"

The store owner shook his head. "I'm sorry but we all have important business that we need to attend to today."

"Not as important as the business that I have to tend to," Jill said as she jumped up and down.

"You heard the man, everybody out of the coffee shop," a woman said whistling as everybody started coming out of the restroom.

"That's the last time I ever buy a coffee from this place again," Jill said as she handed it to Shawna. "Here, you might as well have the rest of this, because I am certainly not drinking another drop!"

"Damn, now what are you going to do," Shawna said as she could clearly tell that Jill was absolutely dying for a bathroom.

As Jill looked into the window of the Starbucks she could see that a woman was finally coming out of the restroom after somebody knocked on the door, and she seemed to be sort of gliding towards the door, almost like she was walking on cloud nine, and Jill was frowning at her and right now she was serious, she felt like this was the last straw.

"You," Jill said as she pointed to the woman walking out of the Starbucks.

"Me," the woman said pointing to herself.

"Why did you take so long in the bathroom, now nobody else got to go," Jill said.

"Hey I am a paying customer, everybody has to use the restroom, I just had to do a little bit more, and hey there isn't a time limit on these things," the woman said and Jill didn't know why she was getting in an argument with this woman, when the last thing she wanted to do when she had to go to the bathroom was start a fight with another woman.

"I was a paying customer too, I bought a small coffee just so I could use the danm restroom," Jill said as she tightly crossed her legs and began rubbing her knees.

The woman laughed. "Hey so did I, you seriously can't find a good bathroom anywhere around here."

"Yeah I know!" Jill shouted.

"Look I'm sorry that I took so long in the bathroom but sometimes you just have to go, and however long it takes is however long it takes, we are all in the same situation here, but for what it's worth I am sorry, my name is Janet by the way."

"I'm Jill and this is Shawna," Jill said as the three of them shook hands.

"This place really was a lifesaver," Janet said. "Seriously if I didn't find the Starbucks I have no idea what I would do!"

"Yeah I know, it really was a lifesaver," Shawna said as she and Janet began laughing.

"Yeah you guys were really lucky weren't you," Jill said as they laughed. "It's not funny, you guys both got to go to the bathroom, and I left the bathroom line just so that I could take my chances on the Starbucks, and now I drank more coffee, and now I have to pee even worse as well as, well you know drop some girls off in the pool so to speak."

"So what are you going to do," Janet said.

"Well if somebody didn't take so long hogging the bathroom I would have used the bathroom at Starbucks, but now I guess I am fresh out of luck," Jill said.

"Well you could pee in this cup," Shawna said laughing but could see Jill was frowning. "What, it was just a suggestion?"

"Yeah I don't think that cup is going to be big enough, even if I could do that, which I'm not going to do out here in public, because like I said I have to –" Jill didn't even want to say the words.

"Look I have been out all day and I can tell you that the Starbucks was the only place in town that had an open bathroom, so again I'm sorry but I don't know what to tell you, that was really the only game in town," Janet said.

Jill stood there crossing her legs with her hands on her knees as she looked around to see that all the stores were closed. "I guess I will just have to get back in line for the porta potties, it's my only chance, there is literally nothing else around here."

"That's like a good 10 minutes from here," Shawna said.

"Yeah, but it's probably the closest place where she's going to find any kind of bathroom in the next 10 minutes, actually I did kind of want to see the parade, so I think maybe I will go that way myself, it is on the way back to my place anyway," Janet said.

"Sounds like fun," Shawna said as she high-fived Janet.

"Oh my God I gotta go," Jill said as she began sprinting as Shawna and Janet just sort of rolled their eyes at each other and began running after her. Jill didn't even know she was capable of running that fast with such a painfully full bladder, and that she was running in the direction of the porta potties, that was when she saw a familiar face, it was Paula.

"Hey it's you, sorry I wasn't able to save your place in line, but I guess you probably had a better bathroom experience at Starbucks," Paula said but she could see that Jill was still dancing around in place.

"Not exactly," Jill said as Janet and Shawna caught up with them.

"Well it looks like you made some friends at Starbucks," Paula said as she looked at Shawna and Janet.

"I'm Janet," Janet said as she shook Paula's hand.

"Paula," Paula said. "Were you looking for a bathroom as well?"

"Yeah I went to the bathroom at Starbucks though," Janet said.

"Why didn't you go to the bathroom at Starbucks then?" Paula said as she looked at Jill who was glaring at Janet.

"Let's just say that somebody was taking a little bit too long in the bathroom and then they kicked everybody waiting in line out of the Starbucks," Jill said.

Paula laughed. "Sorry, I guess it's not funny but you probably should have just waited in line here, that's what I did and I guess it turned out okay for me, although those porta potty bathrooms, let's just say I probably would have enjoyed Starbucks more."

"Look guys I know you would like to stand around talking about all this stuff, but I really need to get back to those porta potties," Jill said. "How long were you waiting on the line Paula?"

"Oh, I just went like five seconds ago before I met you, those lines are not getting any shorter."

"Dammit," Jill said as she began running in that direction and as she saw the front of the line where all of the porta potties were she started walking painfully along the line of men and women, but mostly women, waiting in the line and took her place at the end.

"You probably should have left with me to go to Starbucks the first time," Shawna said.

"No, she probably should have just stayed in line, and she would have been going to the bathroom right now," Paula said.

"Look there are a lot of things I probably should have done, I got in line but the line seemed impossibly long but I thought that it was better to wait in line, then Shawna came back and said that the Starbucks was only 10 minutes away, so I get to the Starbucks but then somebody is using the bathroom too long, and everyone seems to think that they know what is best to do, and everybody has gotten to go to the bathroom except for me!" Jill shouted. "Now please I would just like to wait here quietly in line and try not to think about, oh my God I have to go!"

"Are you sure you really want to wait in this line?" Janet said looking a little bit guilty for the first time.

"I don't think I have much choice, I don't think that I would make it home, and this is the only bathroom that I know is anywhere within reasonable distance, I can't take any margin of error anymore, it's basically this or nothing," Jill said as she stood there in line as the three women stood there with her.

"Look I guess we are all a little bit responsible for the situation," Janet said.

"Not me, I said that she should probably have waited in line," Paula said as they all laughed.

"Look you guys don't have to wait for me, I am sure that you all have families that you want to get to on Thanksgiving," Jill said.

"No actually I am pretty new to the city and I couldn't afford to go visit my family this year," Shawna said.

"Yeah I'm not really close to my family or anything," Paula said.

"Same here," Janet said. "I guess we all have a lot more in common, four women in the city all in search of a bathroom, so we really don't have any place to be right now, and to be honest I kind of want to see how this is going to end."

"I think it's going to end with a photo finish," Jill said as she felt her whole body twisting in every direction and she felt like she was about to collapse.

As her three new friend stood there outside of the line giving Jill all sorts of advice on how she could take pressure off of her bladder and bowel, she just stood there humming and looking ahead at the slow-moving line. About 20 minutes went by and she was finally getting close to the front of the line.

"Hey it looks like you're going to make it after all," Janet said.

"Attention parade goers the porta potties are at maximum capacity, I repeat the porta potties are at maximum capacity," a man with a bullhorn said.

"What the hell does that mean?" Jill said.

"I think it means that the toilets are so overwhelmingly full with piss and shit that there is no possibility of putting any more into them," Shawna said.

"No, this can't be happening, I have to have a bathroom, I don't care how disgusting it is, I'm not very picky right now," Jill said.

"Yeah those toilets weren't very nice when I was using them, so trust me you're not going to use them at maximum capacity," Paula said as she patted Jill on the back.

"So what are you going to do now?" Janet said.

Jill felt practically on the verge of tears, what more could she do, this was her last chance and now she had lost it. "I guess it's game over for me."

"So you're going to let yourself go in your pants?" Janet said.

"No, but the human body can only take so much," Jill said as she sat down on a bench very slowly, tightly crossing her legs and biting her fingernails, as she had no idea what to do in a situation like that as her three friends sat down next to her on the bench.

Janet was the first one to stand up as the other three women stood up in front of Jill, who was still sitting there on the bench rocking back-and-forth.

"Get up Jill," Janet said.

"I can't, I feel like if I move I am going to piss and shit myself," Jill said squirming around on the park bench.

"You know I have been in this situation quite a lot myself," Janet said putting her hand on Jill's. "And there were so many times when I thought that I was at my absolute limit, like I was seriously in your position right now, but I didn't give up, you know what I did?"

"Pissed yourself?" Jill said tapping her feet violently on the floor.

"No I played a game of beat the clock," Janet said. "Please just stand up a minute, go very very slowly."

Jill very slowly stood up but she was still trembling and shaking at the legs.

"Well congratulations you didn't completely mess yourself," Janet said. "You thought that if you stood up you were going to totally lose control, and yet look at you, now you are standing there and you are not wetting your pants."

"I feel like I am going to, there's no way I can make it home in time," Jill said.

"You know one time I was in your position and I thought that I would never make it to a bathroom in time, I felt like I was on the verge of an accident, but you know what, I ran for like 20 minutes looking desperately for a bathroom, and in the end I made it at the last second. So do you think there is even any remote possibility no matter how desperate you are right now that you could make it another 20 minutes?" Janet said.

"I mean maybe, but I don't think that we are going to find a bathroom anytime in the next 20 minutes," Jill said.

"Well if you don't know if you are going to find a bathroom in a 20 minute stretch of time that's just all the more motivation to run Jill run, run as fast as you can, and we will be right there with you," Janet said as Paula and Shawna nodded as well.

"Where do I run?" Jill asked as she jumped up and down.

"Well anyplace is just as good as another, so run Jill run!" Janet said, and although it was crazy Jill found herself running as her three friends ran behind her. She ran for 10 minutes without seeing a single open store as she felt the pressure inside of her growing worse by the moment. Every few seconds she would have to stop and grab herself, she felt like an idiot, and yet right now she was determined to beat the clock with the timebomb inside of her. Finally after about 20 minutes she could barely even stand still.

"I can't do it, I can hold it another minute," Jill said as she stood there as all of the sudden she saw the door of a store open.

"Well it looks like God never closes a window without opening a door, or however that goes," Shawna said as she turned Jill around as she saw the store.

"I need a bathroom!" Jill shouted.

"Bathrooms are for paying customers only," the man said as Jill reached into her wallet to find that she was out of money.

"No, this can't be happening," Jill said. "I was so close."

"Hey I never paid you for that coffee you gave me," Shawna said as she handed Jill a few dollars which she gave to the man before running into the bathroom and slamming the door shut and all of her friends could hear her screaming at the top of her lungs as they all began laughing.

As Jill emerged from the bathroom a few minutes later looking a little bit wobbly, like she could barely get her footing, all of the three women started clapping their hands.

"Well I think we know what she is thankful for," Janet said.

Jill smiled. "Yes I am, the kindness of strangers."

"Come on let's all have a Thanksgiving meal, our treat," Paula said as they Jill by the hand and led her down to the table so that they could have Thanksgiving together.

This story was actually inspired by the fact that I figured at something like the Macy's Thanksgiving day parade I wonder where everybody would go to the bathroom seeing as most stores are closed on a holiday like that so this once again became a story about a quest for a woman to find a bathroom and having to make the best decisions on which is going to get her relief sooner, and unfortunately everything just turns out bad for Harris it always does in this story where she has all of these women that she has to interact with who get to go to the bathroom before her because I thought that that was especially humorous I guess, but I thought it was sort of a nice story because in the end they are ultimately sympathetic to her and help her to find the bathroom.

I have never been to the New York City parade or anything like that but I know that New York City has a lack of bathrooms as I have always gotten desperate every time I have gone to the city even though I haven't gone to the city nearly 20 years now, but from what I have heard it's basically the same.

And also like the character is always based off of me more for the most part and my character is sort of based on the fact that whenever I drink orange juice it makes me have to pee and poop really bad usually like right away. I don't know why it's orange juice specifically but it's like if I have orange juice I have to go running to the bathroom in such a short time. It just must be extremely diuretic because I find nothing makes me have to go to the bathroom more quickly and more urgently, so in a situation like that I probably wouldn't want to be drinking orange juice if I am not going to be near a bathroom right away.

But hey this is another holiday based desperation story and I think that it works pretty well as I don't think that I have gotten around to writing a Thanksgiving desperation story as I think I have covered a lot of the other holidays up until now. I actually was kind of desperate once when we went to a restaurant back in like 2008 for Thanksgiving and there was like a long ladies room line and everything but it was nowhere near as dramatic as these stories because in fiction you can give a little leeway to suspension of disbelief. But honestly I think that this story is kind of realistic under the circumstances, but this is not one I can really speak to from experience although I have been in somewhat similar situations where you have to sort of decide the bathroom strategy in order to get to the bathroom in time.

One of the great things though now that I have discovered in the last couple of months and that I really wish that I had known about sooner is that they have all of these great AI programs that you can use for free for the most part to create illustrations for stories. It still doesn't really do much explicit peeing stuff and I have tried a number of them but I think that Meta AI is pretty good for nothing that isn't totally explicit. But essentially this one I sort of illustrated before I wrote this story on the illustrations kind of dictated a lot of the terms of the story, so now I can kind of make my own illustrations which in all things considered is pretty damn great.

&&

&&
