Men Peeing on the Side of the Road

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2021-02-10 13:19

Last night I was about to start writing something more serious but I was kind of in a fetish mood and I thought about how this one time I was on a bus ride and the bus driver stopped and the men all peed in a field and the women basically just had to keep on holding. I thought that someday I would get around to writing a story based on that. That happened to me actually when I was very young but in the story that I decided to write I just made it more contemporary with older characters, not that I ever say what their ages are were anything. So I made this a little bit more dramatic and it ended up turning into a pretty long story. 

The weirdest thing though is that right before I started writing this story I checked my email and I got an email from my friend Dennis from Belgium who told me and almost exactly similar story about women being desperate on a bus and them not stopping to go to the bathroom but with them stopping every so often so that men could pee in a field. The fact that I read that right before I was about to go write a story like that was some amazing synchronicity, and I figured that that was a sign that I should definitely write that story right away. The way I see it if that isn't a sign from the universe nothing is! And for that reason I decided to make Dennis the antagonist in my story once again, so if you are reading this I hope that you enjoy it! 

It also brings up the interesting fact that while men generally don't experience desperation as a regular part of life and they just don't get the fact that women are really uncomfortable holding it in a lot of situations, Men don't get how anxious they are to use a bathroom because the men were able to use the bathroom several times whereas the women have to keep on holding it. It really illustrates the point that men and women are living totally different worlds when it comes to relieving themselves. I suspect most women can probably relate to a story like this. Also can be read in my blog https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/4735.html

Men Peeing on the Side of the Road

The bus had been traveling for more than two hours and many of the passengers were regretting the fact that before they set out on this journey that they had stopped at a café and that many people had had a cup of coffee or two or three. Jill didn't really like coffee all that much, but she had a fair amount of juice, and of course had her bottle of water at her side at all times.

"Are we going to stop for a rest stop soon?" Jill asked as she looked out the window to see that there were a large expanses of fields and fields with no sign of human civilization for miles. It was almost hypnotic, and for a while that had been distracting her from the fact that she needed to go to the bathroom, but now that she took her eyes away from the mesmerizing sight of endless cornfields with no variation for miles on end, that was when she became irritatingly aware of just how all of that juice and water was making its way to her bladder and getting difficult to ignore.

"We are supposed to stop for some type of rest stop sometime soon," Dennis said as he looked at his watch. "I have to admit that I probably drank a little too much as well, so I hope that we get there soon."

"We had better," Jill said as she went back to looking out the window and trying to ignore her bladder but finding it increasingly difficult to do so. Finally 15 minutes later the bus pulled into the rest stop which looked like it was the only place for many more miles and miles on end.

"Everybody off," the bus driver said. "Everyone be back on the bus within 15 minutes."

Jill bolted up as soon as the bus stopped and started pushing Dennis towards the aisle.

"Okay okay, calm down, we all have to go to the bathroom," Dennis said realizing that he really had to go pretty bad.

Everyone soon stampeded off of the bus and headed towards the rest area that looked pretty run down, like it hadn't been properly maintained in a while. Everyone started going immediately towards the bathroom areas, but as Jill approached one of the women in the front of the bathroom shook her head looking annoyed. "It looks like it's locked."

"What do you mean it's locked, isn't there some type of key or something?" Jill asked.

Jill walked over to the men's room area where she saw Dennis. "They locked the ladies room!"

"The men's room seems like it's locked as well," Dennis said.

"I am sure that somebody must have the key for the bathroom," Jill said looking around. "Who would we go to about asking about that?"

Dennis looked around. "This place looks like it's pretty much abandoned. I don't see anyone we can go to who is going to open the bathrooms, it seems like it's just a locked bathroom in the middle of nowhere and the windows look all dark."

"I guess we had better ask the bus driver, maybe he will know what's going on," Jill said as she went over to the bus driver. "Excuse me but all of the bathrooms appear to be locked, do you know who we can see about getting the key?"

The bus driver walked over to the bathrooms and found them both to be locked and scratched his head. "I don't know what to tell you, it looks like they just are totally locked."

"Well do you think maybe you could find some way to open them?" Jill asked growing impatient.

The bus driver shrugged his shoulders. "Look lady I don't know what to tell you, the bathrooms are locked, so the bathrooms are locked, there's nothing I can do about that. But hey there's a field right there, go crazy! In fact I think I'll be heading out there myself."

"Well a lot of help he was," Jill said as the other woman from before came over.

"What did the bus driver say?" the woman said pressing her knees together.

"He said there's a field, go crazy!" Jill said throwing up her hands in frustration.

The woman looked at the field and then looked at Jill and Dennis. "Well I'm certainly not going to go in a field, that's for damn sure."

Dennis looked at the two of them and then looked over at the field. "Well hey if you gotta go you gotta go," Dennis said as he started walking towards the field as Jill stood there with the other woman looking at each other in disbelief as they saw all of the men heading off to the bushes in the field and lining up in a big line and just letting loose.

"Unbelievable," the other woman said shaking her head. "That's what's great about being a guy, the world is your freaking toilet. I'm Janice by the way."

"Jill," Jill said as she shook the woman's hand as the two of them continued staring at the long line of men relieving themselves right in the field across the street from the rest stop. "Okay I just can't watch this any longer," Jill said as she turned her head away and laughed as Janice did likewise and the two of them continued laughing.

"This is really just completely ridiculous, I mean what the hell are we supposed to do," Janice said as she folded her arms and stomped her feet.

A minute later Dennis came back with a look of relief on his face walking loose and easy with a confident stride.

"Enjoy yourself?" Jill said shaking her head and throwing up her hands.

"I didn't realize just how badly I had to piss until I started going," Dennis said with a laugh. "Do you think you ladies are going to go water the bushes?"

"No!" Jill and Janice said simultaneously as Dennis started laughing.

"It's not funny, I seriously need to go to the bathroom," Jill said as she placed her hands on her knees. "What the hell are we supposed to do?"

Dennis looked over at the field and shrugged his shoulders. "I mean no one is stopping you from using the field."

"Yeah I know," Jill said shaking her head. "I'm not going to squat like some animal so that everybody can see me pissing in the middle-of-the-road like that. In fact I don't think I could even do that without peeing all over myself."

Janice nodded in agreement. "This is just completely ridiculous."

Dennis wasn't exactly sure what to say as he saw all of the men coming back from the field looking extremely satisfied, but he could see that not one single woman seemed like they joined the men. There were probably at least 15 women just standing around the rest stop with their arms folded looking annoyed.

"Is everybody done stretching their legs," the bus driver said as he came over with all of the other men who came over to see the women all standing there shifting around.

"More like crossing our legs," one woman shouted as everyone started laughing before a couple of women started groaning in aggravation.

"All of the bathrooms are locked," Janice said.

The bus driver shook his head. "Hey there's nothing I can do about that. Like I said, if you really want to go use the field I'm not gonna stop you, we will give you a couple of minutes, we'll even give you some privacy."

The men sort of stood there nervously laughing while the women stood there looking less than amused. Several of the men went over to the women that they were with, in most cases probably wives and female relatives, and it looked like several of them were arguing and the women were making hand gestures of aggravation.

"Damn this is a tense situation," Dennis said before laughing.

"It's not funny Dennis!" Jill shouted.

"Sorry, I realize that this isn't a laughing matter, but it is kind of funny isn't it?" Dennis said again with some nervous laughter before opening his eyes again and seeing Jill and Janice standing there looking aggravated.

Finally the bus driver whistled. "Well ladies if you aren't going to go in the field we might as well all get back on the bus."

"Wait a minute, what are we supposed to do about the bathroom," Janice said. "We all still have to go!"

Several of the women started raising their hands and shouting yes and yeah and starting to mumble to themselves.

The bus driver threw up his hands and shrugged his shoulders. "I don't know what to tell you lady, the bathrooms are locked. Now do you want to go in the field or not?"

"I want to go to the bathroom!" Janice shouted as most of the other woman nodded in agreement and mumbled yes and yeah.

"Well what can I tell you, the bathrooms are locked, there's nothing I can do about that, it's not my fault," the bus driver said.

"Well are we going to stop somewhere else for the bathroom?" Janice said tapping her foot nervously.

"I guess we can just stop at the next stop," the bus driver said.

"And when will that be?" Janice asked.

"It will be when it will be, I don't know, there aren't that many rest stops out here in case you haven't noticed," the bus driver said. "Look I can't just stand here and argue with you all day, all I can tell you is if you want to use the field go use the field, otherwise I say everybody just get back on the bus and the sooner we get back on the bus the sooner we will be at the next rest stop."

Women all began grumbling as the men started walking back towards the bus and the women eventually started trailing behind them.

"Completely ridiculous," Janice said as Jill nodded in agreement.

"Geez women," the bus driver said under his breath as everybody got back on the bus and took their seats. "Is everybody buckled up and ready to go?"

"Yes!" several of the woman shouted with clear agitation in their voices.

Janice sat in the seat in front of Jill and Dennis next to a man that Jill presumed was her husband.

"I don't know why you couldn't just piss in a field," the man said shaking his head.

"Dammit Dave not every single woman just wants to take a piss in the middle-of-the-road like a guy does," Janice said. "You just don't get it."

"Amen to that," Jill said.

"I don't know, I don't see what a big deal it is, just go in the field, it's no big deal," Dennis said as Jill and Janice glared angrily at him. "What, it isn't!"

"Ridiculous," Jill said as she slumped back in her seat and began looking out the window with her hand resting on her chin and just trying to ignore the situation.

The bus continued driving for about another 15 or 20 minutes and Dennis couldn't help but notice that Jill seemed to be getting more agitated with each passing minute. In fact he could hear several of the women sort of groaning in aggravation and seemingly saying things to their husbands, brothers, boyfriends and other male companions.

He thought that he should probably try to be sympathetic as he was starting to feel a little bit bad about the way he had behaved before. "Are you holding up okay Jill?" Dennis asked.

"Well I still have to pee if that's what you mean," Jill said as he noticed her legs were now crossed as well as stretched out under the seat in front of them.

Dennis shook his head. "Don't worry I'm sure that there will be another rest stop soon."

"I sure hope so," Jill said before she went back to looking out the window and began tapping her fingernails on the window in frustration.

Several more minutes passed as the endless fields of corn and wheat and other crops continued to pass by in a hypnotic pattern, which for a while distracted some of the people from all of the attention that their bladders were demanding. Then however the bus hit a speed bump and there could be heard lots of audiable groans as that happened.

"Okay this is just getting ridiculous now," Janice said as she unbuckled her seatbelt and pushed her way past her husband and started walking towards the front of the bus.

"Hey passengers are supposed to remain seated while the bus is in motion," the bus driver said.

"And we were supposed to get to another rest stop," Janice said. "When are we going to get to the rest stop?"

Several of the women in the bus started making nods and sounds of agreement with her.

The bus driver pulled over on the side of the road as he got up and looked at everyone. "Look ladies I realize that you really need a bathroom, but there's nothing I can do about that, all I can tell you is that we will get to a rest stop when we get to a rest stop."

"It's just I've had a real lot to drink," another woman said as she grabbed the bus driver by the arm.

"Hey that's not my fault," the driver said. "Look I am sorry about the situation but there is nothing I can do about it. Now if everyone could please just take your seats and we will get to a rest stop as soon as possible."

"Come on Janice, he's going to get us to a rest stop as soon as possible," Dave said as he waved her back as she stomped angrily down the aisles and pushed past Dave into her seat and sat down and buckled up.

"Okay now everybody please remain seated for the rest of the bus ride," the bus driver said as he walked to the front of the bus and started driving again.

"This is unfreaking believable," Janice said shaking her head.

"Well look Janice the bus driver can't help it, the bathroom was locked, that's not his fault, you'll just have to wait," Dave said.

"You guys just don't understand, you got to go to the bathroom," Janice said.

"So what you're going to penalize me, no pun intended, just because I can relieve myself more efficiently," Dave said. "Look you have to realize that there are some things that are beyond your control. You just are simply going to have to wait, I wish that you could have used the bathroom but there's nothing that can be done about that. Maybe you shouldn't have drank so much."

"You didn't spare on the liquids," Janice said. "You never have to, cause guys can pee anywhere."

"Well I assumed that there were going to be bathrooms," Dave said shaking his head. "But yeah when there aren't I can improvise."

"So did I, but it doesn't matter if there is no bathroom when you are a guy like that," Janice said as Jill sat there nodding and Dennis simply looked at her nervously. He knew from experience that Jill was practically eating this up and agreeing with everything that Janice said, and he wasn't going to even begin trying to argue, so he decided that he would just sit back and enjoy the show.

Eventually the bus quieted down but everyone could see that Dave and Janice were arguing quite loudly and it looked like several other women were discussing the situation with their men in equally angry tones.

The bus ride continued for about another half hour when finally the woman who complained about having drank too much from before stood up.

"I really need a bathroom and I need one right now!" she shouted.

The bus driver stopped the bus. "Look lady I told you before there is nothing I can do about that. Now if you want I can pull over on the side of the road and anyone who wants to go on the side of the road feel free, but everybody else please remain seated."

The woman looked positively mortified at the idea, but she was standing there grabbing herself and she soon ran to the front of the bus and went out the door and ran off into the field. Several of the other women in the bus sort of looked over in her direction but without getting up themselves.

Dennis started getting up before Jill looked at him. "Where do you think you're going?"

Dennis smiled nervously. "To relieve myself?"

He sat back down as the woman came back onto the bus looking much relieved but extremely embarrassed as she sheepishly sat down.

"Does anybody else need to go while we are stopped, because I don't think we are going to be stopping again until we get to the rest stop," the bus driver said as several men sort of looked around at the women before reluctantly getting up and charging towards the front of the bus, including Dennis and Dave.

"Un-freaking believable," Janice said shaking her head and folding her arms in agitation.

"This is just cruel and unusual punishment, and we didn't even do anything wrong," Jill said. "It's been over three hours now, in fact three hours and 12 minutes."

Janice laughed. "Counting every minute just like I am aren't you?"

Jill laughed and nodded. "I know, it sounds ridiculous."

Janice laughed. "No, when you really have to go you notice the time a real lot more."

"Tell me about it," Jill said shaking her head.

The men quickly piled back onto the bus and Dennis plopped down in the seat next to Jill causing the seat to bounce a bit and causing her to glare at him angrily.

"Get everything taken care of," Janice said to Dave who simply shook his head and said nothing.

"Now everybody else please remain seated, I promise that we will get to a rest stop as soon as we see one but until we do there is nothing else I can do," the bus driver said.

The bus driver started driving again and everyone couldn't help but notice that this time he was speeding up a little bit more, which increased some of the speed bumps, but most of the women were staring ahead at the front of the bus like they were in a trance.

Jill found herself checking her watch every couple of minutes. As three hours and 12 minutes turned into 3 1/2 hours and turned into three hours and 45 minutes she was finding it increasingly hard to sit still. Dennis wanted to complain about the fact that she was shaking the seat around but he knew he dare not say anything. He had to admit that he couldn't help but enjoy the situation and he wondered how many men on the bus were thinking similar to him.

Finally four hours and 13 minutes into the trip they arrived at the next rest stop. The second the bus came to a halt most of the women started bolting out of their seats, having already unbuckled their seatbelts as soon as the rest stop was within sight.

"Now everybody please exit the bus in an orderly manner and get back here within –" the bus driver began saying as he saw people pushing past him. "You know what, take your time."

"Go go go," Jill said as she tried to push past Dennis.

"Calm down girl," Dennis said as he quickly made way into the aisle as all of the men and women started piling off of the bus.

The men got off the bus at a more leisurely pace but all of the women started charging towards the rest stop, literally stampeding towards the bathroom, where unfortunately there was a rather large line. The women all groaned as they all got in line.

"Un-freaking believable," Janice said as she stood in front of Jill in the line, now her signature catchphrase.

"Yeah we finally get to a bathroom and now this," Jill said. "And I bet it won't even be the nicest bathroom I. I have seen my share of rest stop bathrooms and I can tell you they leave a lot to be desired, but when you are this desperate beggars can't be choosers I guess."

Jill and Janice noticed that there was a line at the men's room as well, but they also noticed that several of the men were just walking off towards the field not wanting to wait in line despite their line being much shorter than the one snaking out of the ladies room.

"God forbid that the men actually wait in line for once," Jill said shaking her head. "They can't even wait 5 minutes and we've been waiting over 4 hours already."

"I know right," Janice said as the two of them high-fived each other as Dave and Dennis came over.

"Jesus you women must constantly pee," Dave said. "Look at this huge line. It's like one woman gets up to go to the bathroom and you all charge towards the bathroom like a herd of cattle, like sheep."

Janice sort of feebly kicked Dave in the shin causing him to shut up as Jill looked at Dennis who put his hands up defensively and backed away.

"What, I didn't say anything?" Dennis said as he backed off even further away from the line as he went over with all of the men just leaning against the wall watching the women in line, as the women sort of glared angrily over at them every couple of seconds as they continued waiting in their slow-moving almost stationary line.

"I can't help but ask –" Janice began saying before Jill finished her sentence.

"It's been four hours and 28 minutes," Jill said as the two of them laughed. "And given that we have about 15 women in front of us and it seems like this is a single user bathroom."

Janice shook her head. "Five hours, five freaking hours without a piss."

"Un-freaking believable," Jill said as they both started laughing.

"And then when we are finally done the men will be asking what took us so long, saying that we were chatting and primping and all this other stuff and that is our own fault of the line is so long."

"I know right." As Jill stood there in line with Janice, both of them with their legs crossed and sort of shifting around in place, she felt that the women had some type of amazing solidarity as they waited in line patiently as the men just sort of stood across from them leisurely waiting for them to finish as they leaned against the wall outside of the men's room, their needs met instantaneously multiple times before the women even got to relieve themselves once. But Jill felt that there was a genuine bond between her and Janice, Janice was a woman who understood, a woman who cared, a toilet justice warrior.

Soon Janice was next in line and she looked like she was practically ready to sprint. "Time," she said to Jill with a smile and a laugh.

Jill looked at her watch. "Four hours and 58 minutes, can we call it or what, by the time you get out it will be five hours for me!"

Janice laughed as finally the door opened and she practically pushed the other woman down and slammed the door shut right in Jill's face. Jill looked at her watch and decided that she would time Janice so that they would both know exactly how long it took them to use the bathroom, just as sort of a funny joke. Jill stood there staring vacantly at the door before she turned and looked at her watch. Five hours and four minutes. She was getting a little bit impatient and wondering what was taking Janice so long.

Jill started whistling to herself and standing on tip toes as she continued staring at the door. She almost felt like knocking and asking what was taking so long as she looked at her watch and saw that it was now five hours and seven minutes.

"Jesus Jill are you still in line?" Dennis asked as he and Dave came over to see what was taking so long.

Dave laughed.

"What's so funny?" Jill asked.

Dave shook his head. "It's a pity that you weren't the first in line ahead of her, she is a bathroom hog like you wouldn't believe. When she is in there doing her business it's like she enters an entire another world, treating it like a freaking vacation with first class accomdations."

As Jill looked at her watch to see that it has now been five hours and 10 minutes and that Janice had been in the bathroom for 12 minutes suddenly her feeling of sisterhood and solidarity was wearing thin as this sister was turning into a bitch. Finally she knocked on the door. "Janice are you okay in there, you know others are waiting."

"Don't worry everything's okay in here Jill," Janice said as it sounded like she was whistling in the bathroom. "Thank you for your concern!"

"Oh she's whistling, that's not a good sign," Dave said with a laugh and a shrug.

"Has everybody gotten to use the bathroom yet?" the bus driver said as he came over.

"I haven't!" Jill said as she hopped up and down in place.

Finally the loud sound of a toilet flushing came from inside the bathroom and Jill was practically ready to grab the handle to the door. In fact she was already grabbing it and tapping her foot. Then came the loud sound of the sink running and running and running. Finally the sink stopped running and Jill figured that it was finally her chance as she looked at her watch and saw that it had now been five hours and 17 minutes, with Janice taking nearly 20 minutes to use the bathroom.

Finally at five hours and 20 minutes Janice came out of the bathroom looking all primped up and pretty.

"Okay everybody can get back on the bus now," the bus driver said.

"Not on your life!" Jill said as she slammed the door behind her as loud screams came from the bathroom. When Jill emerged from the bathroom at five hours and 24 minutes she looked distinctly annoyed as they got back on the bus behind Janice and Dave.

As the bus moved on the rest of the ride was much more silent. Jill never said anything to Janice about how long she had been in the bathroom and had kept her waiting, and Janice never said anything to Jill about it. So much for solidarity and sisterhood.

Dennis couldn't help but notice that Jill was looking at her watch still. "What, you don't still have to go to the bathroom do you?"

Jill simply smiled and shook her head. No she didn't need to go to the bathroom yet, but she knew that when she got to the next rest stop she was going to make sure that she was in front of Janice and she was going to take her sweet ass time. Jill couldn't help but laugh to herself until the bus stopped at the next rest stop only to find it locked as she and Janice both stood there silently watching as the men relieved themselves in the bushes, peeing on the side of the road for what seemed like the umpteenth time that day. They simply looked at each other, looked away and cursed to themselves under their breath. 

*001*2021-02-10 14:04

"That was really good I enjoyed reading it I can’t wait to read a part 2" 

Part two is called my life as a woman living in a world of male urinary privilege. Sorry it is hard not to think about that right now because I am at work and I haven't peed in over four hours and I still have at least 2 1/2 hours to go LOL. 

*004*2023-04-01 16:09

@NormalPeople

Men can usually pee pretty discreetly but a woman really can't pop a squat without it really obvious what she is doing and expose herself. Women basically have to get half undressed in order to go to the bathroom outside, plus most women don't know how to squat without peeing all over themselves, I know I certainly can't! And I think that most women are taught not to put themselves in a vulnerable situation like that or expose themselves in public like that. 

*006*2023-04-01 16:09

@NormalPeople

Men can usually pee pretty discreetly but a woman really can't pop a squat without it really obvious what she is doing and expose herself. Women basically have to get half undressed in order to go to the bathroom outside, plus most women don't know how to squat without peeing all over themselves, I know I certainly can't! And I think that most women are taught not to put themselves in a vulnerable situation like that or expose themselves in public like that.

*008*2023-04-03 14:50

@NormalPeople

"A man facing a tree is also obviously peeing and everyone can know it but the difference is that men are not ashamed to do a natural thing."

The women are definitely shamed more for doing things that would be deemed natural but I still think that there is a difference because although you can see a man facing a tree and know that he is peeing you usually can't see him actually doing it really. You may know what he is doing but you probably don't explicitly see his genitals. A woman squatting would be very obvious and very exposed in a similar circumstance.

*010*2023-04-04 15:55

@NormalPeople

"I often peed in front of my female friends, during concerts, walks, car trips. Some of them peed peacefully, in a minute they solved, others .. they too had to go, but they didn't go because we were in public places and they kept repeating to me "you're lucky you can pee wherever you want". I replied "You can too". I have stories to tell about it, one day I will write them."

Please do! Do any of your female friends get annoyed when you do that, cause I'll tell you it's a super frustrating thing to witness!

*014*2023-05-15 16:56

@NormalPeople

"My question is: why do we have to stop the flow?

Why do I have to put my penis in my pants if I'm in a place where there are no people who could be disturbed? (I always hope people aren't perverts or exhibitionists)

Pissing is a natural thing. Even those who watch us do it several times a day.

I'm sorry that it's uncomfortable for women to pee, but I think it's better to show your ass than wet your pants!"

Again I think that the situations are kind of different. Maybe put it to your different way, would you squat outside and expose yourself to take a shit? I mean granted you don't have to do that is much as urinate so most people can wait until they get home for that, but I think that you would probably feel rather exposed if you are squatting and taking a dump in the woods like that.

I mean again is probably a lot of social conditioning and everything but for a woman to be squatting with her ass hanging out is a very vulnerable and exposed position to be in and I think that most people are raised in an environment where that is sort of a big no-no that you never expose yourself like that. I mean I know that I definitely wasn't even though I'm body positive and not prudish I am personally inhibited to a large degree.

Like I said there's often his use of balance, whipping it out and peeing discreetly is not the same as having to squat with your pants down trying to balance and not fall over on your ass. I am just very clumsy and not very coordinated in general so to me trying to squat and pee would just have the same result of me peeing all over myself anyway so if I'm going to pee myself I might as well at least not be exposed in the process!

So yeah once again I think it's a lot different because a guy doesn't really have to expose himself all that much.

"So often women choose not to pee, even though they could. For this reason I don't mind pissing when I get the opportunity, knowing that a desperate woman is watching me and feeling great envy.

I have brave friends who pee everywhere (especially my girlfriend!) and friends who would never do it, even if they have drunk a lot or have an exaggerated need. Pissing in front of them is my greatest enjoyment. How fun is life with a penis :)"

Once again I don't shame guys for peeing outside but really rubbing it in and doing that specifically to torture women is rather sadistic honestly! But again I guess I can't get too angry because in your situation if I had a penis I would probably do likewise and too bad on the women who don't get to pee.

It is still very frustrating though, and I hope that when my job does come back that the toilet situation is better or that I have mostly female coworkers. The first time it was five guys and I, and the second time at least it was three women and three men.

*017*2023-05-15 21:16

@NormalPeople

"I've seen pictures of a party on a boat, where guys pee into beer glasses, next to girls looking at their dicks. Sure they were drunk, but the girls had very curious looks. Surely girls had to pee too, but how could they?"

That sounds like a very strange party indeed!

@Angusburger

"I feel like the other thing that deters women from peeing outside is wiping. I am nto sure about why women wipe or the necessity but that must be an added deterrance to peeing outside cause it takes extra time and when you are peeing outside you want to be done as fast as possible. Alsom you need to have toilet paper on hand for that and I dobut most women carry toilet paper with them"

Yes not wiping can make peeing outside more a hassle as well though some will carry toilet paper or wipes with them.

*019*2023-05-16 17:07

@Angusburger

"Do you always wipe when you pee like is it actually necessary ?"

I think I speak for most when I say yes.

