A Pura bed wetting! Aqua and her Omorashi adventures! -Pura-

Author: DerekOmoso

*000*2022-12-24 18:28

(Okay! Hi! I'm back here with another adventure of Aqua! Just know Aqua has a staff that magically causes the bladder of the person who touches the crystal to fill up to maximum. Aqua appears to be into Omorashi! So that's also a fun detail. This takes place in my mixed up medieval-modern universe. Let's get into it!!!)

Aqua stepped through the double doors at the end of the dungeon. There. In a display case. There was a a little sticker pack.

"Invisi-Stickers!!!!!"

The Invisi-Stickers could be stuck to ANY staff and the magic would be hidden. Definitely illegal in most cases. Just people didn't know what they were. If Aqua could fill someone's bladder up to Maximum in an instant it could be obvious. She had a plan.

But first she had to make it home.

Aqua had to pee a little bit. She decided she was going to hold as long as she could...she didn't make it far. At the entrance of the dungeon she lost it. She leaned into the corner and peed herself. Her white panties with the blue moons growing into a dark grey. Aqua moaned. Her smaller body shaking with pleasure.

"It never gets old...!"

Aqua rushed home to strip herself. She was totally naked in her laundry room. Her cleaning machine beeped at her.

"Are you wet? We bet! Throw your outfit in and we'll clean it like we mean it!!!"

Aqua loved hearing that line. It kind of validated her naughtiness. At least something helped her out when she ended up having an accident.

After her clothes were washed. Her plan started.

She tapped, hit, and scratched at the crystal. Being sure not to fully break it. She tried to get a piece of it broken off. She could plant it somewhere!

Of course this came with the filling of her bladder. Aqua had to go bad, her bladder being weak just released itself. She was peeing on the floor. She laughed and ran to her bedroom. She put some panties on. She jumped on her bed and continued trying to get the piece of the crystal. She obviously started peeing. She moaned, but she kept a level mind. Well... tried. The more she peed...the more she wanted to touch herself. So she did.

Eventually she managed to get a small piece of it off.

Her bed was.... Soaked. Completely. She peed so much that it ran off her bed. There were two big puddles on either side of her bed. She was sitting in a puddle that went up to her thighs.

She took a quick shower and through on black panties and some grey yoga pants. Uncomfortable pants. Her shirt was a red shirt with a heart on it.

She was having a blast with the staff.

Aqua had a sister who lived nearby to her. Her name was Pura. Pura was only 20, but she was a genius. She had a pretty pair of black glasses. She had her pajamas on when Aqua knocked on her door.

"Oh..? Aqua? I haven't seen you in a while... Are you okay??"

"I'm fine! Sorry I've been so distant... I've been busy raiding dungeons! How have you been?"

"Come inside! We can talk there. It's safer!"

Aqua runs inside. She really wanted to see her sister pee herself. She knew it was wrong, but she just wanted to see it. She's only used the staff on herself at this point. She thought about using it on her sister before, but she never did. Now was her chance. Pura had a pair of pink pajamas on. The shirt and pants matched very well. Wet... They'd be even better!!!!

Aqua resisted just touching her sister immediately with the staff. She actually had a plan.

"Hey, sis... Could I sleep here tonight? It'd be nice to spend some time here with you."

Pura was a little caught off guard by the random question.

"Of course! That would be fun. Just like when we were younger!"

Aqua smirks. She had a naughty plan.

The two girls hung out for an hour after Aqua first got there.

Aqua changed into a thin pair of leggings. She also wore a loose white shirt. She still wore her black panties.

After Pura fell asleep. Aqua grabbed her little crystal with her shirt. She didn't want to pee herself. Well she did, but then it would be too obvious. Pura was fast asleep. Aqua dropped the crystal into Pura's bed. It wasn't touching her.

"Shoot..."

Aqua had to move the crystal closer, but not for too long. Aqua grabbed the crystal with her bare hand. She touched Pura's side with it.

Aqua had to slam her thighs shut.

She rushed off to the bathroom quietly.

"Ohhhh... Oh no... no no no no no....!"

Her weak bladder decided to go against her.

Aqua started uncontrollably wetting her black panties and white pants. Her pants went see through. So did the socks.

Aqua tried stifling a moan, but it didn't work.

"Oh... Oh yes... Ahhhh....."

After Aqua finished peeing herself.... She went back to Pura's room.

Pura slowly woke up and felt that she had to go really bad. Her blue panties were a little wet.

"What... What the heck...?! Why do I....?"

Pura felt her bladder spasm as more shot out of her.

"Oh, what the heck!!!?"

Pura tried hopping out of bed, but she was already fully peeing in her bed.

"Did I just... Wet my bed????!!!"

Aqua entered the room.

"I uh... I peed my pants...."

Aqua blushed. She noticed Pura's bed was totally soaked.

"Oh no... You uh..."

"I... Haven't done that... In so long...!"

"Uhhhh.. I mean at least you're relieved...?"

Aqua laughed. She had infectious laughter. Pura giggled a bit.

"Wow... I really peed my bed. You peed your pants?? I know you used to do that a lot when you were younger... You still do it?"

"Uhhh yeah sometimes..."

Aqua smiled.

She wanted to do more. She wanted to cause more accidents!

*002*2022-12-24 23:09

{{6 minutes ago, Hypergirl said:

That was really good! Your characters are adorable! Aqua is full of energy and is a really fun naughty sister! I liked her!

That washing machine line got me rolling on the floor though i loveeee itttt that was creative! Keep it up!! Cant wait for more of Aqua’s adventures

}}

Aqua is a lot of fun!!!! Definitely naughty!

Yeah! It was from the Catacombs!!! Same universe!!

I do have a bit more planned for her! We'll see if Pura wants to come back for another part though!

*004*2022-12-24 23:19

{{3 minutes ago, Hypergirl said:

That is true!

Oh yes i’ve noticed it’s the same universe i love it!

Would love to see her again!

}}

We will seeeee!!!! It's kind of a cast of characters. Gotta see if the actress wants to return for a second appearance. Hehehe!!!

*006*2022-12-24 23:28

{{1 minute ago, Hypergirl said:

You should raise her pay then ha

}}

Ha! I could do that, but she'd have to pee her pants multiple times for that!

*008*2022-12-24 23:36

{{4 minutes ago, Hypergirl said:

That would be naughtyyyy

}}

Hmmm... Ideas are flowing!!!!!!

I think I might have a base to my next story....

