A Very Desperate Christmas Carol

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2021-12-25 15:59

Merry Christmas and kinky kwanza everybody! I have been meaning to post this story I wrote over two weeks ago and just haven't gotten around to it until now, but since it was a Christmas themed story I figure what better day to post it then on Christmas day itself.

I wrote this story two weeks ago when I was feeling particularly in the mood for my fetish, and originally I was going to do this one about a gross out house or the bathroom Vandals one, as I thought that one would end up being longer, but then I figured if I was only going to write one this month I should at least write the Christmas one, and I thought that this one was pretty decent for what it was as it was one of many parodies of a Christmas Carol that I have written over the years, and this is the first one that I have written for my blog as this is the first one I have written with a desperation theme. You can also read this in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/8580.html.

I am pretty happy with this story overall. Under my own name I have written numerous parodies of this particular classic story, and I recently got around to reading the book, and that was probably at least partially what gave me the idea for a desperation themed Christmas Carol parody. I figure everybody has been ripping this one off for years, now it was my turn, and it just goes to show that I can really take anything and make it about women having to go to the bathroom! So I am quite pleased with it and I hope you are as well. And it's not my first desperation themed Christmas story either!

A Very Desperate Christmas Carol

Jill was CEO of a big company that ruled pretty much the entire city and she realized that she needed to cut some costs if she wanted it to be a profitable fiscal year this holiday season.

"Well I guess I could cut the bathroom budget," Jill said as she looked over her inventory carefully. "I mean I've always been an advocate of having enough bathrooms for women, but money is money and everything like that, and besides I have my own private bathroom, a really fancy swanky bathroom at that. So I am sure that it won't matter if I just cut back on the bathroom budget a little bit."

In reviewing her finances more carefully Jill realized that it would be financially advantageous to cut back on the bathroom budget a whole lot more and provide the absolute bare minimum of bathrooms throughout the city, and maybe could even maximize her profits by opening a bunch of pay toilets, even though she always felt that pay toilets were taking advantage of a person's basic need to have to use the bathroom and disproportionately disadvantaged women.

"I suppose that with no other competition in the city that there isn't really much of an option for other women needing the bathroom, but I am sure that I can be forgiven for this, I mean what's the worst that can happen?" Jill said as she suddenly realized that she needed the bathroom rather bad and began getting up.

"Jill," a voice said as she turned around to see a familiar face, it was Mindy Marley, her former business partner, but it looked like she had chains on her body.

"Mindy is that you, I haven't seen you in a really long time on account of you dying seven years ago," Jill said. "How have you been?"

"Jill I am here to tell you something, you are going to be visited by three ghosts tonight," Mindy said. "And I am doing very badly because as you can see I have chains on my body that were the chains I forged in life. We always both believed that bathroom access was a universal right but then we started cutting corners in regards to women's bathrooms, sending lots of people into extraordinary bladder pain. Now these chains have chained me to the toilet that I denied to others in life and if you don't want to suffer a similar fate you had better heed the warning of the three ghosts. And I have to say I am bursting with ectoplasm myself!"

"Three ghosts, well I hope that I have time to use the bathroom before they arrive," Jill said as she began eyeing the door to her private bathroom.

Before Jill could use the bathroom however she saw a ghost come into the room smiling with an evil smirk on her face.

"Who are you?" Jill asked as she looked at the ghost.

"I am the ghost of desperation past who is going to show you how in the past you were desperate for a toilet and complained about how there wasn't one available," the ghost said.

"But speaking of using the bathroom if you'll excuse me I would just like to go relieve myself before we get involved in this long journey and whatnot through memory lane," Jill said but before she could take a step towards the bathroom the ghost grabbed her.

As Jill stood there with her legs crossed she could see that the ghost was showing her an image of when she was a child.

"God dammit I really need a bathroom," Jill said as she went between classes but found that there was a line at the girls bathroom." God dammit there's always a line!"

As Jill watched herself as a younger person going from class to class crossing her legs and wishing desperately that there wasn't a line at the bathroom, and that they would put more girls bathrooms in the school, she couldn't help but focus on the fact that right now she had to pee at the moment as well.

"I remember that, our school had terrible bathroom access and I always wished that they would do something about it, but they never did," Jill said as she crossed and uncrossed her legs.

The ghost of desperation past nodded her head. "You understood then the value of having an adequate number of women's bathrooms and you had never forgotten that, or have you?"

"Believe me I'll never forget those desperate days at school, or the desperate days that followed, all those bathrooms that I really would have liked to use but the line was too long," Jill said.

As Jill squirmed and fidgeted in place the ghost of desperation past showed her scene after scene of her wandering around in public places desperately looking for a bathroom but finding the bathrooms to be closed, out of order or the line to be impossibly long, sending her looking for a bathroom or holding it for a very long amount of time. As Jill watched all of these scenes her own need to go to the bathroom in the present was growing much worse due to the memory and constant reminder of all the desperation she had experienced in the past.

"As your young girl before you achieved success you realized how valuable it was for a woman to have a bathroom, before you had your own private bathroom all the time," the ghost said as it brought Jill back to the present.

"I remember that I really had to go to the bathroom, and speaking of really having to go to the bathroom," Jill said as she crossed and uncrossed her legs and began tiptoeing towards the bathroom.

"Your journey is not yet done Jill, you will be visited by two more ghosts, the ghost of desperation present and the ghost of desperation yet to come," the ghost of desperation past said as she disappeared.

"I'd better get to the bathroom before that next ghost appears!" Jill said as she started running towards the bathroom before another ghost appeared in her path. "Oh please don't tell me that you are the ghost of desperation present, can I just perhaps it up into the bathroom for a minute, I'll be really really quick."

The ghost shook her head. "I'm sorry Jill but I have important things to show you."

"Can I just take one minute to use the bathroom," Jill said as she started pointing towards her private bathroom.

The ghost smiled. "It would be nice if we could all just use the bathroom and only take a minute, but you know as well as I do that sometimes you don't have a minute to use the bathroom, sometimes there is a line that is a half hour long and you just have to wait and wait and wait."

Jill hopped from foot to foot. "I know but I will be really quick using my own bathroom right now because it's my own private bathroom and I don't have to wait for anybody else to use it."

Before Jill could run into the bathroom the ghost of desperation present grabbed her by the arm and began showing her a scene in the center of town. Jill could see what looked like an enormous bathroom line snaking around the corner.

"Mommy mommy I really have to pee!" a young girl named Tanya said as she grabbed herself and danced from place to place as Jill watched her while crossing her own legs and shifting in place.

"You're not the only one," Jill said as she began whimpering.

"I'm sorry Tanya but there just isn't enough time to use the bathroom, this line is impossibly long because there is a severe lack of bathrooms in this city, which admittedly is due to my employer Jill who seems to have cut back on the bathroom budget in spite of always saying that bathrooms were an important part of any situation," Tanya's mother Adaline said.

"But you let tiny Tim and tiny Tim's little tiny bladder empty itself in the boys bathroom," Tanya said as tiny Tim came out of the bathroom with a big smile on his face and a thumbs-up looking really relieved.

"Well of course, because there are a million urinals in the men's room so there's never going to be a line at the men's room, you know that Tanya," Adaline said.

"To be fair the urinals were a lot more cost-effective than stalls," Jill said as she grabbed herself and pressed her knees together.

"If I offered you a urinal now would it solve your current situational problem?" the ghost said.

"You're really laying it on really thick here," Jill said as she gritted her teeth and hopped from foot to foot.

The ghost shook her head. "You always hated the widespread availability of urinals for boys, but as soon as you have your own private bathroom how soon you forget about the struggles of women needing bathrooms in the city throughout the day. Do you think that young Tanya is going to get to go to the bathroom anytime soon?"

"I'm guessing probably sooner than I am," Jill said as she crossed and uncrossed her legs and grabbed the hems of her skirt in frustration.

"But let's see what happens with young Tanya shall we," the ghost said as Jill watched as Tanya went through the day going from place to place in the city but finding all of the bathrooms either out of order, closed or the line impossibly long, as she and her mother both got increasingly desperate throughout the day.

"But mom it's not fair, I really need to pee!" Tanya said.

"I know honey but that bitch Jill cut the bathroom budget for the city so now we are all going to have to make do with the absolute bare minimum," Adaline said as Tanya began peeing her pants and crying.

"Oh Christ I have to piss!" Jill said as she watched the urine stream down Tanya's leg and dug her fingernails into the wall, gritting her teeth to the point where she was worried she would grind out her fillings. "But I'm sure young Tanya will be okay, everyone has an accident occasionally, things like this happen."

"Well let us see," the ghost said as she pointed to Tanya's grave. "Apparently she died of embarrassment."

"Oh come on, nobody actually dies of embarrassment, you're exaggerating now!" Jill shouted as she bent at the knees and grabbed herself tightly.

"Okay I'm screwing with you now, she didn't actually die of embarrassment, but it was still extremely embarrassing, and now she's going to have the nickname pee pants Tanya for the rest of her life as her tiny bladdered brother Tim gets to water the bushes everywhere they go," the ghost said.

"Okay I get it, I'm being kind of a bitch, but please for the love of God let me use the bathroom," Jill said as the ghost brought her back to her office.

Jill started hobbling towards her bathroom but before she could she saw another grim-looking ghost wearing a robe and showing no face. It was so scary she almost pissed herself right then and there.

"Oh this cannot be good," Jill said as she pulled at her hair in frustration as the ghost beckoned her forward.

The ghost showed her a scene without even saying anything where it seemed like everybody was celebrating the death of a much hated tyrant.

"Good riddance to the bitch," Adaline said. "If it weren't for people like that my daughter never would have gotten that nickname pee pants Tanya."

"What, are they talking about me," Jill said shaking her head. "Of course they are, calling me a tyrant and celebrating my death because of that seems like a little bit much, don't you think? But I'm kind of wondering how I died now."

"At least she died in a way that was extreme poetic justice," Adaline said. "Apparently after she cut the bathroom budget for the city people started boycotting her businesses and she went broke and lost everything. Then one day while she was going through the city and realizing how few bathrooms there were she got extremely desperate and she held her bladder to the point where her bladder literally burst, and then she died of uric poisoning. A fitting end for someone who betrayed their ideals of bathroom equality solely for profit, and at Christmas time on top of that, I mean really, that's just being a total bitch now."

"Okay I get it, I'm a fucking monster all right!" Jill said as she tightly crossed her legs and began shaking. "I'll totally reform my ways, just let me get to the God dammed the bathroom before I explode and die right here and right now!"

As Jill returned to the present she was so thankful to be alive and not dead of a burst bladder and uric poisoning. She immediately went to the window and she saw a child in the courtyard.

"I say boy, what is today?" Jill said.

"Why today, today is Christmas Day," the boy said.

"Well Merry Christmas, here's a whole bunch of bathroom tokens for the pay toilets," Jill said as she started throwing bathroom tokens out the window. "Spread the word I am going to open the bathrooms and add new bathrooms and I will make the bathrooms really nice and clean, the kind of toilets that you wouldn't really be cringing to put your ass down on in a time of extreme dire need."

Jill quickly ran through the city until she had come to Adaline's house.

"Adaline I was wrong to cut back on the bathroom budget, and I want to make it up to you by giving you a great Christmas bonus and making sure your dear daughter doesn't pee herself and get an embarrassing nickname for the rest of her life," Jill said.

"Wow, what's gotten into you, did you have some type of profound spiritual revelation of a supernatural nature on Christmas Eve or something," Adaline said.

"Yes actually, how on earth did you guess?"

"You just had that look in your face that says that I saw a terrifying vision of things to come and now I want to reform my ways," Adaline said.

"Actually that look isn't just terror at the possibility of a horrible future come to pass, I still haven't used the bathroom and I really have to go right now!"

Jill ran towards the bathroom but before she could tiny Tim ran into the bathroom and began peeing loudly as Jill impatiently waited tapping her foot outside.

"For a boy with a small bladder you sure seem to pee a damn lot!" Jill said as tiny Tim opened the bathroom door and Jill practically knocked him down to get to the toilet in time before everyone heard a loud scream.

Everyone opened the door to find that Jill had fallen into the toilet.

"Tiny Tim this is what I always told you, always put the seat back down," Adaline said as everybody laughed.

Jill shook her head. "Well it's better than dying of uric poisoning I suppose!"

"God bless us everyone!" Tiny Tim said as he started drinking some juice. Jill was going to say he should cool it on the juice before he has to pee again if his bladder is really that small, but after everything that she had been through that day she didn't want to ruin the moment.

