Wet cyclists - A fiction

Author: Donuts are omo

*000*2016-12-20 22:20

Hey everyone! My friend ssjammerz thought up of a story/scenario about 2 cyclists and their (kind of) adventure! FYI: Im just posting it for him.

Enjoy!

Credit: ssjammerz

Saturday morning, 8:30 AM.

I was supposed to meet Sarah at Creekline Park in thirty minutes to try out the new bike trails that just opened to the public after last winter's mudslide. I took a quick shower, scarfed down a piece of toast with a glass of orange juice, changed, grabbed all gear and headed out.

I wore a new skinsuit that I had just bought--mostly blue all over, with the shoulder and shorts being black. I thought I was going to be late, so I had pedaled a bit more intense than I had liked to. I was hoping to have started sweating in my skinsuit later during the day, but at least I made it to Creekline Park at 8:53. I was starting to get thirsty so I hydrated myself from my Camelbak and then refilled my supply with the water fountain nearby.

Sarah showed up not too long after. She was in her usual cycling gear--helmet, white and black cycling skinsuit, and her blue mountain bike. I greeted her, but she was already out of breath. It turns out that she was running late too, so she came in a rush. We both laughed, and she took this opportunity to drink up as well. Before we started our cycling session, I asked if she needed to use the restroom. She declined, citing that the restroom was closed anyway for maintenance from 9:00 - 9:15.

After our checks, we started riding. It started off pretty easy until we got to the forks and splits in the trail. We had a blast going up and down the different trails. We must've rode for about an hour or two--experiencing all the bumps, sharp turns, etc. before we decided to break for lunch. Of course, during this time we're drinking pretty frequently, as the day was starting to warm up.

When I asked Sarah where she wanted to go rest at, she jokingly replied anywhere with a restroom. I immediately responded that I had to go too! We both laughed, which might not have been a good idea--Sarah crossed her legs and told me to shut up, otherwise she might piss herself. We both calmed down a bit but still in a jovial mood. I told her that if she had an accident, I'd also wet myself so that she wouldn't feem embarrassed. She gave a slight chuckle and said "Deal!".

With the new trails created and the absence of maps, I told Sarah that I had really no idea where we were--that we could probably go back the way we came to use the restroom. She said that she didn't know if she could hold it that long, especially with all the bumps, sharp turns, and other surprises that's detriment to bladder holding. For some reason. I found that extremely hilarious and laughed a bit too much, resulting in a bladder spasm. As soon as I could, I stopped myself by jamming my legs together and shoving my hands in my crotch. Sarah immediately turned and looked at my sudden posture change, realizing what just happened.

"OMG! Did you just piss yourself?!" And then she started bursting out laughing uncontrollably.

"SHIT! Haha It's all your fault!"

I slowly unclasped my hands and examined the damage--there was a small wet spot on the front of my shorts. It was hard to see as my shorts were black, but up close, there was a difference.

"Let me see!" Sarah said, and she approached me. She bent down and took her only a few seconds to see it. "Wow! Maybe I'm the one that needs to pee myself to make YOU feel better!"

"Oh, shut up!" I jokingly replied. We both got back on our bikes and decided to continue riding forward, in hopes that we'd find a restroom sooner or later.

During the next few minutes, we were teasing each other with water sounds--splish, splash, psssh, etc.

We both kept telling each other so shut up and deny that it had any effect, but it clearly did. I could've swore that I saw a small stream come down Sarah's shorts on her inner thigh, but we stopped probably no more than five minutes later.

"Okay, I really have to go now", Sarah said. She got off her bike and started to walk her bike in an attempt to relieve some pressure. I followed suit, as my bladder was starting to ache. There was a fork in the road now. The one on the left was part of the train that we were on, and there was on one on the right that had grass and rocks with it--it didn't seem like it was open, at least for cyclists.

"Let's go to the right--maybe there'll be enough trees or somewhere where I can squat at!"

I agreed, and we proceeded to the right fork. As we walked, we decided that the path definitely was not meant for cycling--at least not for our bicycles. However it was really serene--there were trees all around us, many extending up towards the sky, effectively blocking out all but the sun's rays. As we continued, I could see Sarah doing a small hop every couple of steps. I knew she had to pee, and it was soon.

"Gotta pee, huh?"

"Ungh...yes! Stop it!"

"Haha. You know...I don't see many places where you can pee. In fact, call me crazy, but I think I hear the sound of water nearby."

We stopped and listened, and we both heard what it sounded like a stream nearby.

"They don't call it Creekline Park for no reason! C'mon!" Sarah said.

I followed haste. "What's up?"

"If there's a small stream, I can maybe dip myself in it and pee!"

I was a little bit disappointed that she could get out of this so easily, but I didn't want to see her in total agony--after all my bladder was aching in pain more and more.

As we got closer and closer to the sound of the stream, Sarah was doing happy, peepee skips.

"Oh my god, I can't wait to go. I'm going to pee! Where is this stupid creek or stream or whatever!!!"

"You can hold it...otherwise you can let out a few drops out like me earlier", I teased her.

"Uh...I've actually been doing that! Hahaha!"

"I knew it! I thought I saw a stream come down your shorts!"

"Pervert!" she replied.

We both laughed.

That's when something terrible happened!

All of a sudden, two guys came out of nowhere. One in front of us and one behind us--they were probably homeless people--scruffy beards, dirtily dressed.

"Oh oh oh! What have we here?" said one.

"Looks like you kids are lost!" said another.

Sarah and I immediately dumped our bikes but it was too late--these two crazed men had us surrounded. Our backs were up against each other--one guy had a knife that he pulled out.

"Whoa whoa whoa--we don't want any trouble," I said.

"SHUT UP! Ron! Tie them up against those trees!"

At this point, I've never felt so scared. I could only imagine Sarah feeling the same. We complied with their instructions--they tied us up each to a tree. Our arms were stretched out behind us, wrapping the tree. The guy who wasn't named Ron got some duct tape and taped it over our mouths so that we couldn't yell for help.

Afterwards, they started going through our backpacks. They were a bit annoyed because we didn't have much--just some water and a couple of snacks.

"YOU FUCKING KIDS! YOU AINT GOT SHIT!" said one, pointing his index finger right at me while he came up to me. I was scared. I didn't know if he was going to hurt me. I whimpered a bit as the guy grabbed my jaw and jerked my head back up against the tree.

His eyes were glaring at me for a second and then I saw him look down--all of a sudden, I heard a sound of water dropping, and then realized that I had started pissing myself. I was scared to the point that I didn't even know that I was peeing uncontrollably.

"SICK MAN! YOU FUCKING SICK! YOU PISSED YOURSELF!" and started walking away.

The other guy said to his buddy to scram, as we weren't worth the trouble.

As they started leaving, they stopped in their tracks, and looked at Sarah. She started whimpering and crying--I tried to yell and get their attention with my mouth taped off and all, but they just ignored me.

They whispered something to her ear. Then, one guy held her back against the tree as the other one knelt down in front of her. He started massaing and poking her bladder. Sarah whined and fought off as best as she could--trying to bend her knees together, but it was just impossible. She started crying, as one of the guys said 'Yeah baby. Let it go." Sarah started to pee in her shorts. It came out in full force, coming out on both sides of her legs, streaming down her legs and into her socks and shoes, soaking everything in the way.

It must have been at least a minute and a half or two minutes, but Sarah finally stopped peeing. But her shorts were still dripping with her pee, her spandex shorts unable to wick away all that liquid.

The two guys walked back and laughed hysterially, and said "You fucking kids are lucky we didn't kill you" as they took off with our backpacks and bikes.

Sarah and I were left there, pee-soaked and all. We didn't know what to do. I strugged to start rub my tied hands together up and down against the tree in an effort to break the ropes. It was very fortunate that during the rubbing, one of the ends came loose. I was able to get myself untied and then I helped Sarah out. As soon as I untied her, Sarah fell to the ground, still trying to process how lucky and how close we were to getting hurt. I gave her a hug and assured her that we're okay now. We started to make our way back, when she said "I...have to...pee again..." I gave her a smile and watched her soak her shorts again.

Quote this

Reply to this conver 

