Haydee Desperate Mission

Author: Daddy-Mikasa

*000*2024-06-21 19:06

Note: This is a story based off Haydee from the metroidvania game. This is the story I’m writing so it won’t be perfect.

* I couldn’t understand why. Or understand how. All I see around me is water. Water splashes everywhere around me, soaking my legs. Dribbling down as it splashed upon hitting the ground. Trickling water sounds that sounds so relaxing as water trails and pools. God it feels so good. So good that water splashes me from above, running down in between my legs as it soaks my skin completely. And then, I just lean forward, falling face down as I fall into the water

Haydee goes online as the cybernetic human puts her hands out. She stares at her hands, pushing herself up as she looks down, staring at her tanned brown bare legs before sitting back.

* What was that? Why was I seeing all that liquid?

Right at that moment, Haydee felt a sharp pain in her groin and she lies back onto her bed, grabbing her crotch tightly. She needs to pee, like very bad.

She pushes herself up, still holding herself as she looks around. There’s no toilet in her room, all she sees is one door. She gets up and walks to the door. She need to look for a ladies room, fast.

Haydee walks along the empty hallway, realising that she has been walking for five minutes. Right at that moment, the hallways began activating, the walls being screens that began playing videos. Videos of waterfalls and fountains. The sounds of water and the sight of water causes Haydee to hold herself as she sees a text message below saying,

“ Bursting? Too bad :)”

Haydee quickly rushes across the hallway, the videos making her need to pee more. However, right at that moment, she notices a figure in front of her. It is another being but unlike her, the robot doesn’t share her humanoid features. It is a Walker and Haydee backs away, fear overcoming her as she shot her hand down onto her crotch, trying not to wet herself in fear. She dodged a swing from the Walker before rolling underneath it. She then found a gun lying on the floor and she picks it up.

As the Walker turns, she opens fire, shooting the robot in the head as it collapses onto the floor. With her new gun, she fires a shot at the screen, destroying it

Haydee sighs out in relief, having taken out the Walker and the screen not showing any waters definitely helps but Haydee felt a sharp pit in her stomach as she knows that Walker is not the last and the laboratory is full of traps and monsters. Haydee sighs as she holds her crotch, holding back the urge that has intensified. Looks like the trip to the restroom has gotten complicated.

Haydee then enters another hallway, going through five uncomfortable leg crossing minutes before stepping into a room. There lies an actual fountain. Splashing water everywhere.

Haydee’s hands shot into her crotch and if she had a face, she would grimace. The sight of water has caused her to leak into the panty part of her leotard and she is even considering just peeing into the fountain.

* No! Good robots use the toilet

Haydee thinks to herself as she continues forward. She descends some stairs, the fading sound of water still doing numbers to her bladder.

She went through room by room, finding key cards to access new areas. While the lack of enemies certainly made things easier, finding key cards is quite a time consuming process and as Haydee slides another key card into the holder, allowing her to enter another room. She sighs to herself

* So far still no ladies room.

Haydee then continues, finding herself inside what looks like a classroom. She then sat down on one of the chairs, crossing her legs as she decided to take a break to regain control of her bladder.

As she winced, cross and uncross her legs and hold herself, Haydee felt a sense of deja vu doing all this. Like she has felt like there was a time she went through something like this.

Haydee even notices books beneath the desk which she takes out and opens them. Seeing pictures of a small humanoid seated down, her hands on her laps as words were written on top

I really have to pee. Why didn’t I use the bathroom before?! Gosh the lesson is going on forever! I can’t hold it anymore, I feel like I’m gonna wet myself!

Those words causes Haydee to put down the book and she gets up, the words making her need to go even more. She then heads for the exit, knowing that there is still no ladies room to be seen.

At that moment, Haydee stops as she notices something

In front of her is another Walker but it is holding up a deceased Haydee unit in its hand. Haydee even saw liquid dribbling down the dead Haydee unit, the cybernetic human having lost bladder control and failed to reach the toilet on time.

Haydee then points her gun and she opens fire, destroying the robot. She then walks forward only for something small to shoot out, striking her hard in the groin.

Haydee falls back, wincing as her crotch is in deep agony. She feels urine pouring out and she grabs herself tight to stem the flow.

She looks up, seeing a small drone flying around her fast in a mocking tone.

* Oh damn, it hurts!

Haydee thinks as she continues holding her crotch, the pain not helping with her bladder. The drone closes in for another attack but Haydee catches it and she smashes it onto the wall, destroying it.

Haydee stares at the wreckage and she spots a key. She picks it up, picks herself up, wincing as her hands stay glued onto her crotch. Her panty is already wet but if she don’t hurry, Haydee worries that she is going to have an accident.

Haydee then enters a room where what looks like a hovercraft awaits. She enters the hovercraft. Closes the door, she slots in the key and activated the hovercraft. The hovercraft hovers into the air and sped across the long winding tube.

Haydee sighs as she shifts her legs, putting both hands onto her crotch

* Just how far is the bathroom?! I’m this close to peeing myself

Haydee felt another sense of deja vu, knowing the feeling of being in a moving vehicle and needing to pee while having no access to a bathroom.

Haydee then finds a bottle of tea in the hovercraft and without thinking, she opens it and drinks it. She don’t know why but as much as she needs to pee, all that action does make her feel thirsty.

Haydee say back as she stares at the moving lights, the speeding blur looking so hypnotic as Haydee felt her consciousness slipping

Haydee could only see what looks like a human girl having her hands shoved into her crotch as she begs

“ Please, we really need to stop!”

” We’re almost there. You think you can hold it for another minute?” Another voice questions sarcastically as the girl replies

” Just barely. I knew I shouldn’t drank that four cups of coffee.”

” I told you but you never listen. Now you’re about to pee yourself.”

” I will if you don’t step on it. Please hurry I really need to go!”

Those words echoes as Haydee shot up suddenly feeling an even more intense need to pee.

Haydee shifts her legs, squeeze her crotch as she winced, moving like she’s doing a potty dance but sitting down like a little girl struggling with potty training.

Luckily, the hovercraft began to slow before stopping. Haydee pushes herself off the chair, grabbing her crotch as she dashed out.

Yet again, no ladies room. Haydee grunts and if she had tear ducts, she swear she would start crying.

Her desperation is like one she has never experienced and every minute she felt like her bladder is going to explode.

But she is going to try to make it to the toilet on time because good robots use the toilet.

Haydee continues on. Where her heels touches a puddle.

Haydee looks down at the puddle and she looks forward, seeing another Haydee unit lying dead on the floor, the liquid underneath her is urine.

Haydee quickly moves, finding more and more bodies of Haydee units, having wet themselves and Haydee fears she is going to do it herself as well.

Haydee picks up another key card and opens the door, finding five doors. Each door has a pink female figure illustrated on the door.

* At last, the bathroom!

Haydee rushes to one and she turns the knob.

Locked.

She tries another one.

Locked as well

The third one.

Locked

” What?”

Haydee questions out as she squirms. How can it be that she has finally found a bathroom only for all to be locked.

“ Um can you hurry up?”

Haydee asks.

She continues to squirm as the words plays in her mind

* Gotta pee. Gotta pee

Unable to take it anymore, Haydee shouts,

” Hey what’s taking so long?! Do you know how long I have been holding it?!”

No reply and Haydee winces

* Gotta pee! Gotta pee! I’m gonna piss myself!

At that moment, Haydee heard a loud sound, causing her to turn.

There is another door with the female drawing on it but it slides open.

Haydee rushes in, sweet relief just moments away. However, she pauses as she notices that the room is dark.

She enters the room, seeing hordes of Haydee units standing still. All seems to have their hands over the crotches though none are activated.

She then notices a figure standing in the middle. She looks like her albeit the red lights. She is the Queen, the master of the quarry.

But what also caught her eye is the pile of dead Haydee units lying beneath her though none of them have wet crotches, all looking dry.

Haydee watches as the Queen stares at her, unlike Haydee, looking very relaxed and composed.

Haydee still holding herself, watches as the Queen strides towards her, eyeing her as if to study the desperate cybernetic human.

The queen then held Haydee by the face. Surprising Haydee as the queen moves her close to her

As Haydee drops her gun, it caresses her as Haydee squirms, feeling her bladder about to pop. The cybernetic human squirms as the queen presses her body into hers, her flatter stomach pushing into Haydee’s bulging bladder. The sensual movements provoking the bursting dam inside her belly.

Haydee knew she has to do something. At this rate, she’s gonna wet herself.

Haydee then drops onto her knees, her hand moving to the gun as the queen stands over her, her dominating stance making Haydee feel things, almost making her lose control.

Shaking away the feeling, Haydee opens fire, shooting the queen in the head, destroying her.

The queen collapses, dead as Haydee stands up. She drops her gun as she sighs out, relief but still desperate.

Her light began flashing as Haydee felt a surge of energy transferring from the queen into her.

The pain in her bladder is turned into a strange sensation and felt her optics close and she sighs out, feeling relief, sweet relief as if she is releasing her bladder into the toilet bowl.

* Aaaaahhhh. It feels so good.

Haydee felt relief, her muscles relax as her need to pee has slowly subsided. Her bladder shrinking as visions of golden waves crashing plays in her mind.

* God it feels so good.

Haydee then stands over her other units, the deactivated units standing still, their hands still on their crotches as if they are unable to feel the master’s relief, stuck motionless and desperate.

Haydee has never felt more alive, standing like a new Queen over her subjects as the computer takes a deactivated unit and drops into a tube, sliding it down.

Another Haydee unit goes online and she shot up. She puts her hands out. She stares at her hands, pushing herself up as she looks down, staring at her tanned brown bare legs before sitting back.

She does not know why she is seeing all those waves of liquid everywhere.

It was at that moment the Haydee felt a sharp urge to pee. Her bladder feeling like it is fit to burst.

The Haydee looks around, not seeing a toilet anywhere before getting up from her bed. Entering into the unknown in hopes of reaching the ladies room in time.

