Trollforest

Author: DerivativeWings

*000*2024-04-30 20:00

Trollforest

This is a translated story. Read the original version here

.

This story is a collaboration by The Blueberry Forest

About the beings who live in the Forest, the wise ones say: "They do not think as you or I do". They have a completely different way of thinking, and what is important to the humanfolk is trivial to their kind. They love playing all kinds pranks on each other. A normal human would consider these ventures childish and even malicious, but the forest kin are willing to sacrifice anything for the perfect practical joke.

It is lucky that the Humanworld and the Forestworld are disjoint from one another, as otherwise nobody would get anything done with all faeries and goblins and tots and trolls running around! But; once every year on a very special spring day you may have heard of, the forest kin practice their pranks outside the forest and in the world of men and women. The mighty and proud be on guard! For the forest kin think having their way with those who act all high and mighty is the most fun of all...

The Forest is vast, vaster than all the kingdoms where the humans live. And in the Forest wandered a tale that one and all could hear; the mighty Lady of the Lake demanded vengeance on the Silver Queen from the northwest. This human queen had built her towers overlooking the most beautiful lake of all, where The Lady of the Lake and her daughters and sons had made their domain. Humans now trampled all around the lake and built their houses there, and the close confidants of the Lady who had been privileged with the privacy of the lake had left the clear waters. It was for this reason the queen was to be punished this day.

On the winds a whisper came and it was the Lady’s magical command, and all the beings that in that moment happened to be somewhat full of bladder were suddenly in an acute need to seek some bush or rock to hide behind, thus was her power. As Fae, Hulders, Vattir, and Vittri peed for what they were worth in the Forest they received knowledge of the great prank the Silver Queen was to be subjected to; she was to be denied all nightchairs, porcelain pot and outhouse until her great bladder should be so unbearably full as to make her waters come out in her dress. That the queen was highly capable and could stay tight and dry for hours without visiting the ladies’ room was well-known, and also that she was much better at this than any other princess or queen from near or far.

So all the forest beings who had created small puddles in the Lady’s domain came together and discussed all their plans. The Silver Queen may be willstrong like the red fish who swim against the course of the river towards where their homes are, and wily like the large birds who determine the best blind angles of their prey to then soundlessly swoop down, this was known. The rewards for humiliating her were larger because of this, and the Lady had many incredible treasures to give.

The Lady was first to wield her powers in the morning, before all the humans woke up. She spoke with the waters of the lake they drink, and the wells they use, and she said this: “When they drink of you, water, you shall speedily run through their bodies, and fill their bladders at a higher pace than what you normally do.” And the water, who was loyal to her, answered this: “This I will do. I shall flow faster than normal today.”

And so the humans woke, and the castle’s servants drew water from the wells so everyone could drink. All the servant ladies and silver princesses peed when they awoke, some more than others as they had filled over the course of a night’s rest. Yet the Silver Queen did not pee. This was because three Vattir had snuck into the room before the sun went up, and all taken a seat together on the queen’s nightchair. And three Vattir, when they had been magically filled by the Lady, was enough to completely fill the porcelain all the way to the edge. The Vattir had some trouble holding on under they were all sitting on the chair, so they were much relieved when they were allowed to let loose their own waters into it. They had put the lid back on and snuck out of the room after.

So the queen woke up and was dressed, and her trusted servant who aided her had watered her own porcelain much this morning, almost enough to fill it wholly. The queen however felt no worries over beginning her day without emptying her bladder even after a long night. She could likely still hold tight for the entire day without peeing. And this was to be tested, because now that the queen was dressed it would be very hard for her to use another pot than the full one in her room.

Morning turned day, and as the castlefolk drank of the enchanted waters many of them needed to take additional visits to the outhouse, sometimes with great urgency. The queen, who indeed had awoken with a full bladder which had gotten even fuller, was terribly full already when the sun had reached the top of the sky. She did not know if she could keep herself all day for a change, but had many important queen’s errands to take care off before she could give herself a break.

At the same time, in other corners of the castle, Forest Kin were practicing their pranks and jokes. Vittri who could sneak through walls locked outhouses from inside and then left, which led to longer queues and sometime a mishap for the fullbladdered servantfolk. The Vittri wanted to be sure the queen would not have any free toilet when she did decide it was time to use it. One among the three Silver Princesses became so full she had to water a bush in the garden, which you of course never see royals do unless it is the worst of emergencies. The Vattir, who had done theirs and wanted to have a little fun for their own sakes, had taken the opportunity to tickle any ladies who urinated outdoors with a dandelion flower, causing them to shriek and run away. The Silver Princess wet her dress when they did so, and the Vattir laughed so much that they all needed to pee again even though they had already done so before.

Hulder had a very important assignment. She had snuck into the castle’s kitchen and disguised herself as staff there. Her tail she kept hidden in the pocket of her dress. Well inside the kitchen she made sure that the food and drink served in the castle all used the water enchanted by the Lady, so all castlefolk drank from it and became needy. However, Hulder was struggling with the fact that she needed to relieve herself much too. Because she was disguised and had an assignment she could not run outside to pee like the other forest kin did, and there were so few available toilets. But the Lady’s magic worked on her too and she was downright ready to burst on the kitchen floor.

And now many of the servantfolk there needed to use the toiletroom or the outhouse often, but it was never free and nobody had any time to wait outside the doors. So all many ladies who worked in the kitchen, including Hulder, rubbed their legs against each other and kept their eyes longingly on the toilets as they waited for their opportunity to run away and see to their wants. Hulder was certainly not the only women in the kitchen who could only think about how desperate her peeneed was. In the end it was so hard for her to keep, that she ran down into the wine cellar and use a large flagon in the name of necessity. And she was not the only one who did so that day, but hers was filled the tallest out of all.

And the faeries too engaged in various pranks and jokes as they flew around. Unlike Hulder or Vattir, it was difficult to make faeries do any particular thing they were asked for. You could certainly ask a faerie if she could play a particular prank on some person, but there was no guarantee she wouldn’t then get up to something completely different instead. The faeries had simply been let loose in the castle to create unrest and disturbance, so there was no peace in the castle and work was always disrupted. The fae stole different things made from porcelain, moved around keys to the outhouses, but sometimes they set their mind on something else entirely. The end result was what the Lady desired, regardless.

One faerie, Cornflower as she was called, had decided the she would steal some hedge clippers as the castle gardeness snuck herself an opportunity to pee into a planterpot. The clippers were much too large for a faerie like her, and with it she had large plans for a fae. She had, perhaps, forgotten all about the plan to humiliate the queen, and all the riches and rewards offered by the Lady of the Lake. But with the tool in hand she could see clearly the greatest prank she could ever imagine.

Right then the Queen was on her way through the royal garden. She had reached her limit, and wandered hurriedly towards her room to use her nightchair or a nightpot. Her stomach was so swollen that perhaps one could imagine she was with child, but it was the water in her bladder sticking out like that. In most tales it was very rare for queens to need to pee, as it was far below their dignity to ever admit to such a thing. But the Silver Queen needed to pee worse than any queen had in a hundred years, and it was totally and utterly impossible for her to hold it in much longer.

With the stolen hedge clippers in both hands, Cornflower made three cuts and then she had cut the queen’s dress off, snip snap! And there it fell on the ground, which left the queen exposed. All who looked could see her royal behind-parts and her pee-full belly. And the queen became completely red of cheeks while still struggling hard to not start peeing on the spot of dirt she was standing on then.

And the fae who had stolen half of the queen’s dress laughed and laughed until she almost peed on herself. That things almost ended up that way she thought was so incredibly funny, so she laughed even more. And she laughed so much until she finally realized that she wasn’t just about to pee, but that she couldn’t hold herself any longer and that her pee was about to come out. Then she picked up her pace, and tore off her blue flower-woven undergarments and started peeing right in front of the queen on the ground.

That the queen now saw a faerie peeing on the grass right in front of her became the final drop for her bladder too. That she had decades of trained patience did not matter when her bladder was so filled to burst as it was then, and when another woman-thing was doing her business like that it was no longer possible. The queen lost her control and started peeing like a rainstorm, more than anyone else had that day. And then I am not only considering the humans of the castle, and not just the forest kin who had come there to play tricks. Indeed, the queen was peeing more than any human or forest creature in the whole wide world had done or would do for that entire day. And while it was incredibly pleasurable for her to do so, every drop she let out was a stain upon her honor and worth as queen.

And in the other world The Lady of the Lake peed for the first time that day too. She had saved this pleasure to herself until the queen couldn’t hold on any longer. She stood, naked in her own domain, with her legs separated and a peebladder almost as full as the queen’s, and she added her waters right into the lake. No living being had permission to visit this place, and for that reason nobody could see her pee either. And perhaps it was this that made The Lady’s vengeance the sweetest, that she knew that nobody could see her do what the queen had failed to keep private. And Cornflower she would reward most of all.

THE END

