Trapped in a game without toilets (Omo Isekai)

Author: Debo

*000*2025-11-29 01:30

I’m back after a long writing hiatus with a new story because this concept was too good to not put on paper. I plan to keep the chapters shorter so that I can post more frequently when I have time.

The idea is that a group of friends get isekai’d into an MMO, but realize they can’t unequip their panties as the game developers “locked” them in place to avoid nudity.

Some chapters will feature messing, and other more explicit content, but those will be tagged at the top so that people who want to skip them can do so. If I need a content warning for a chapter, I’ll include a short summary after a line at the end for anyone who wants to skip them but not miss any important plot developments.

Part 1 - The Shift

—————————————————————

Chapter 1 - The Last Night in the Real World

The basement glowed purple under the LED strips, a sacred cave of caffeine and chaos. Five headsets, five glowing monitors, one shared dream: first guild kill on the brand-new mythic raid boss, “Valthorax the Realmwarper.” The forums had been screaming about it for weeks: a reality-bending dragon who could literally rewrite the geometry of the arena, tear open portals, and drag players into pocket dimensions. The cinematic trailer ended with the line “When the Realmwarper wakes, worlds will collide.”

Tonight was opening night.

Mia sat in the captain’s chair, fingers drumming on her mechanical keyboard. “Remember: when he hits forty percent he starts the ‘Dimensional Collapse’ phase. If you see the purple rune under your feet, you haul ass or you’re perma-banished to the Void Realm for thirty seconds. No one gets left behind.”

Riley was vibrating in her beanbag nest, laptop bouncing on her knee. She’d slammed a Mango Monster twenty minutes ago and was now deeply regretting every life choice that led to this moment. “Got it, got it. Just don’t make me laugh or I’m gonna pee on your bean bag, I swear.”

Lexi, sprawled sideways across the couch like a smug cat, lifted one leg and let out a long, bubbling brrrrap that rolled across the room.

“Lexi, gross!” Sophie squeaked, pulling her hoodie over her nose even though the smell hadn’t reached her yet.

“Artillery preparation,” Lexi said with a lazy grin. “I heard the boss is weak to poison.”

Zoe didn’t even look up from her second monitor, where she was annotating the raid guide in four different colors. “Focus, children. Realmwarper’s intermission starts in nine minutes real-time. We wipe once and we’re off the world-first race.”

Thunder growled outside, low and hungry. The storm had been circling the city for an hour, purple lightning flickering through the tiny basement windows.

Mia glanced at the countdown timer on the main screen. “Raid starts in five minutes. Buffs up, flasks up, bathroom emergencies postponed until after first kill.”

Riley groaned dramatically, squeezing her thighs together. “Define ‘postponed.’ Because my bladder’s filing a formal complaint.”

Lexi snorted, then winced as she felt the fullness of her guts. She pressed a hand to her stomach. “Join the club. I’m like seventy percent gas right now. Feels like I swallowed a whoopee cushion.”

“You definitely don’t have time to take a dump before we pull, Lex” Mia warned.

Sophie giggled nervously, shifting in her folding chair at her makeshift desk. Knowing how serious Mia took raiding, she was likely only half joking about the lack of bathroom breaks. She wondered if she should’ve gone pee before locking in for the raid too. She could feel a small nagging need, but it was more likely from nerves than anything serious, not that she would mention it even if it was. Sophie was much more shy about these things than her two friends who were openly giggling about their bodily functions.

Lightning flashed again, closer now. The LEDs flickered for half a second. The loading screen ticked to a hundred percent. Fifty players materialized inside the Realmwarper’s cathedral of shattered mirrors and floating islands. Mia’s squad stood on one platform together as Valthorax’s voice boomed through every headset, deep and distorted:

“Mortals dare trespass the weave between worlds? Then let the weave devour you!”

Mia’s voice cut through the chaos like a blade. “Pull!”

The dragon roared. Portals ripped open. The floor fell away into starless void. Riley was mid-dodge-roll when the biggest lightning strike yet hit the house dead-on. The surge protector screamed. Every monitor flashed blinding white.

For one impossible heartbeat, the girls felt the floor vanish beneath them, felt gravity invert, felt the air itself tear like wet paper. The last thing any of them heard in the real world was Valthorax laughing.

Chapter 2 – Riley

User Stats <Riley>

Bladder: 78/100 | Bowels: 45/100

Time Logged In: 0 days, 2 hours, 0 minutes

Riley landed flat on her back in a meadow of impossibly green grass. Real grass. She could feel every blade prickling through her armor, smell the crushed stems, hear actual bees buzzing overhead.

For a solid ten seconds she just lay there, staring at a sky that was way too high-resolution for any VR headset. Still, she reached for the headset, or where it should’ve been, just to make sure.

“Okay,” she said aloud, voice small. “Either I’m having the world’s most vivid lucid dream, or Mia’s mom finally snapped and drugged the pizza rolls.”

She sat up slowly. Her daggers were real weight on her thighs. The wind was real wind, cool against her real cheeks. Her HUD floated in the corner of her vision exactly like in-game, but sharper, brighter, and… permanent.

Party list: Mia, Sophie, Lexi, Zoe – all grayed out, location “??????”

A single crimson system message hovered like a bad omen:

‹Anomalous Transfer Complete. Welcome to Eternal Realms, Traveler. Logout unavailable.›

Riley barked out a laugh that sounded a little too close to a sob. “Logout unavailable. Cute. Real cute.”

She climbed to her feet and spun in a slow circle. Rolling hills, distant mountains, a dirt road winding toward a picture-perfect medieval town in the distance. Willowbrook. Level 1–10 starter zone. She’d run a million alts through here.

She opened her mouth to call for the others, then remembered voice chat was dead. She tried whispering Mia’s name anyway. Nothing.

“Okay, Riley. Think. If this is the game… then there’s an inn. And an inn has beds. And beds mean respawn points. And respawn points mean… something. Probably.”

It wasn’t until she took her third step that the pressure in her lower abdomen finally registered.

Bladder: 85/100 flashed orange across her HUD.

“Oh. Oh no. Right. The Mango Monster betrayal.”

She pressed her thighs together on instinct. The memory of the basement came rushing back: the frantic potty dance, the beanbag, the desperate whining right before the lightning hit.

She started speed-walking toward town, then jogging, then full-on panicked sprint-waddle.

“Come on, come on, come on—”

The town gates appeared faster than she expected.

She blew past the guards (who didn’t even blink) and skidded into the town square, spinning in frantic circles.

“Toilet? Outhouse? Chamber pot?? Anyone??”

Nothing. No little moon-on-the-door icons. No helpful glowing arrows. The Prancing Pony Inn loomed ahead like salvation.

She burst through the door and practically tackled the innkeeper.

“Bathroom. Now. Emergency. Red alert. Where??”

The innkeeper beamed. “Welcome, adventurer! Rooms are fifty silver a night—”

“Where’s the toilet in this place?? Please, I’m about to piss all over your floor!”

The cheery innkeeper cocked his head at the response listening but said nothing. Only after an agonizingly long pause did he open his mouth again.

“I’ve heard rumors of kobolds harassing the farmers south of here. Might be worth checking out for an aspiring adventurer like you!”

Riley screamed internally at the NPC’s unhelpfulness and left the counter, frantically searching the inn for any sign of a bathroom. Nothing. Turning, she ran back outside to the small village square, bouncing desperately in place as she surveyed the surroundings.

Moving quickly, with little regard for the stock comments the NPCs made, she tried every building. Blacksmith? No. General store? No. The alchemist’s hut also a dead end.

“Where the hell do people take a leak around here??”

Bladder: 93/100

“Okay nature it is, screw civilization.”

She darted behind the town wall, found the biggest, leafiest bush she could see, and ducked behind it with all the grace of a drunken raccoon.

She gripped at the hem of her leather leggings and tugged. They didn’t budge. Panic set in as she felt herself starting to lose control, a small leak escaping as she struggled to pull them down without any success.

Bladder: 96/100 flashed in the corner of her HUD, now in deep red.

“The menus!” She yelped as her desperate brain sought any way to escape the pair of tight leather leggings that had become her prison. If game logic applied here, she might be able to unequip them. She swiped the air, fumbled the invisible menu open, and mashed the leggings entry.

Unequip.

The tight black leather vanished instantly, reappearing in her inventory with a soft shloop. Cool air hit her bare thighs. Another small dribble escaped as she could sense relief so close at hand.

She hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her lacy black panties (the ones she’d bought because they looked cute with the rogue set) and pulled.

Nothing.

She pulled again, harder. Still nothing.

“Okay menu, menu, where’s the underwear tab—”

She scrolled frantically. Equipment → Legs → [empty slot]. Equipment → Underwear → the entire category was grayed out. No unequip button. No drop. No destroy. Just a tiny tooltip she’d never noticed before:

‹Cosmetic undergarments are permanent for immersion purposes. Removal not supported.›

Another hot spurt escaped, longer than the last, soaking the front of the lace instantly. She yelped and clamped both hands between her legs.

“No no no no—”

Another leak, longer this time, trickling warmly down her inner thigh. She danced in place, yanking desperately at the waistband that refused to move even a fraction of an inch.

Bladder: 99/100 → 100/100 → CRITICAL

The dam broke. Pee gushed out of her in a forceful, unstoppable flood. It poured straight through the soaked lace, streaming down her bare legs in glistening rivers, pattering loudly onto the grass and dirt between her boots. She couldn’t stop it, couldn’t even slow it. All she could do was stand there, knees buckled, hands still uselessly clutching the front of her ruined panties while her body emptied itself completely.

The relief was dizzying. The humiliation was nuclear. When the last drops finally dribbled out, Riley stayed frozen in her half-squat, leggings still missing, pee cooling rapidly on her skin and dripping from the hem of the lace.

Bladder: 3/100 blinked in green and then vanished.

Somewhere on the main road, an NPC child skipped past singing a cheerful tune about turnips.

Riley let her head thunk against the bush.

“I officially hate this raid tier,” she whispered.

*003*2025-11-29 03:29

Chapter 3 - Riley: An Unexpected Visitor

User Stats <Riley>

Bladder: 3/100 | Bowels: 45/100

Time Logged In: 0 days, 9 hours, 18 minutes

Riley stayed crouched in the bushes long after the last drops had fallen, as if refusing to move might somehow erase the past five minutes. Tugging at her panties still proved useless. The sun was already setting, turning the soaked lace cold after a few minutes. Every tiny breeze felt like a cruel reminder.

Eventually the cold won out over her pride. She stood on wobbly legs, re-equipped her leggings with a miserable shloop, and wrapped her long crimson rogue cloak around her waist like a makeshift skirt. The knot she tied was so tight it pinched, but it was better than nothing.

She walked back through the Willowbrook gate doing the world’s most suspicious casual stroll. Head high, eyes forward, praying the dark leather didn’t show anything obvious.

Making her way to the inn, the baker shouted his eternal “Fresh bread!” line directly at her. A guard marched past without a flicker. They didn’t know. They couldn’t know. Still, she couldn’t help but be embarrassed. Every single one of them felt like a judge in a wet-pants tribunal.

Riley slapped fifty silver on the inn counter, snatched the key the innkeeper offered, and bolted upstairs before anyone could get a good look at her face, or anything else.

Her room smelled of old straw and lavender, some developer’s idea of immersion. She locked the door, leaned against it, and let out the longest, shakiest breath of her life.

Then she stripped the leggings again and waged war on the underwear.

Ten solid minutes of tugging, menu-spamming, rolling, stretching, jumping, cursing, and one tearful attempt to cut the waistband with her dagger (the blade just slid off like the fabric was made of diamond). Nothing worked. The black lace stayed glued to her skin, still glistening with the wetness of her accident.

Defeated, she re-equipped the leggings, crawled into the lumpy bed fully clothed, and passed out with the cloak still knotted around her waist like a toddler’s security blanket.

She woke to sunlight streaming through the tiny window and birdsong that sounded suspiciously smug.

The pressure from her bladder was back—annoying, insistent and impossible to ignore. She groaned, rolled over, and tried to pretend it was just a dream. At least her panties had dried over night, even if she felt like that might not last too long.

Riley forced herself upright. “Ignore it. Find a way out first. Pee later. Like a civilized person.”

She crept downstairs, cloak still wrapped tight, and slipped out into the square before the innkeeper could offer her breakfast stew.

Willowbrook was exactly the same as every starter town she’d ever leveled through, except now it was real and she was real and everything smelled faintly of dew and cooking smoke.

She interrogated every NPC she could corner.

“Any weird lightning storms lately?”

“Know anything about logout?”

“Seen five very confused girls appear out of nowhere?”

Blank smiles. Looped lines. One old woman tried to give her a quest to collect ten rat tails.

Riley was ready to scream when she finally reached the wooden quest board outside the town hall.

Most of the parchments were the usual beginner garbage: kill boars, deliver letters, find lost sheep.

Then one sheet glowed with golden light—the kind only max-level players could see.

Epic Quest Added: The Threads Unraveled

The Realmwarper has torn the weave between worlds. Chosen heroes from beyond the veil have been scattered across the continents. Reunite the lost. Reforge the broken threads. Return to the shattered cathedral and slay Valthorax the Realmwarper once more. Only then may the worlds be set right.

Reward: Return to your origin

Riley stared until the words burned into her retinas.

So it was official.

They were trapped.

And the only way home was to beat the raid… from the inside.

Her knees went weak. A hot pulse from her bladder reminded her that some problems couldn’t wait for world-saving.

Bladder: 82/100 flashed across her HUD.

Riley burst into her room at the inn, slammed the door, and threw the bolt so hard the frame rattled. Leggings vanished with a frantic shloop, ready to try once more to battle her underwear.

She tried menu spamming unequip. That failing again, she decided to get creative. She cast Vanish, then Shadowstep. None of her abilities helped her free herself.

A trickle of pee escaped. Then another. She yelped, clamped both hands between her legs, and danced in frantic circles.

“No-no-no—”

She darted to the darkest corner of the room, squatted hard, and made one final, desperate attempt to roll the waistband down.

She gave up.

Pee gushed through the ruined lace in a loud, mortifying hiss, splashing onto the floorboards in a fresh, steaming puddle. All she could do was whimper and let it happen, thighs trembling, while her second full accident in less than a day emptied her completely.

Her HUD flashed a green Bladder: 2/100 and then disappeared.

Riley stayed crouched, forehead pressed to the wall, tears of pure humiliation stinging her eyes.

After a while, a voice downstairs snapped her out of her stupor.

Riley’s blood went cold.

She knew that voice. Everyone on the server knew that voice.

Nytheria. Lead warlock of the guild <Eclipse>. The silver-haired, skull-shouldered bitch who had ninja-pulled the last two mythic bosses right out from under their guild and stolen world-first both times.

Heart hammering, Riley yanked the leggings back on, re-tied the crimson cloak around her waist, and crept to the door. She cracked it open and tiptoed to the top of the stairs.

Nytheria was already in the common room, pacing in tight, bow-legged circles, violet robes swishing around clenched thighs.

“Where in the nine hells is the bathroom in this backwater starter zone?” she snarled at the innkeeper. “I’ve been holding it since the surge hit last night, you useless—”

The innkeeper smiled his eternal smile. “Welcome, adventurer! Rooms are fifty silver a night—”

Nytheria’s face went demonic.

She screamed and with one sharp flick of her wrist a lance of violet-green Soulfire punched clean through the innkeeper’s torso. The NPC froze, glitched violently, and exploded into a shower of red polygonal shards.

Silence.

Nytheria stood panting, legs locked together so tightly her knees knocked.

Then her eyes went wide in pure horror.

A long, desperate hiss filled the room as a dark stain erupted across the front of her elaborate robes and raced downward in visible streams. She tried to stop it, both hands clamping between her legs. A strangled cry escaping her throat, but her bladder had declared war and won. Pee poured down her legs in steady rivers, splashing loudly into a wide, glistening puddle beneath her high-heeled boots.

When it finally ended, Nytheria stood trembling, silver hair hanging over her face like a veil of defeat.

She wiped her eyes with a shaking hand and hissed to the empty room, “Fine. If the only way out is killing the Realmwarper… I’m gathering my raid. Now.”

She traced a fel-green teleport rune in the air. Demonic flame swallowed her whole, and she vanished, leaving only scorched floorboards and an enormous puddle behind.

Riley stayed frozen on the landing, clutching the banister so hard her knuckles went white.

The guild that had stolen their world-firsts twice was already mobilizing.

They knew the quest.

And the race to slay Valthorax inside the game that had swallowed them whole had just gone from desperate to cutthroat.

*007*2025-12-01 15:16

Chapter 4 - Sophie

User Stats <Sophie>

Bladder: 40/100 | Bowels: 5/100

Time Logged In: 0 days, 1 hours, 43 minutes

Sophie materialized on a soft carpet of moss, surrounded by towering jungle trees dripping with vines and flowers the size of dinner plates. The air was thick, humid, and smelled like sweet earth and distant rain. Somewhere nearby, a waterfall roared.

She sat up slowly, sleeves pulled over her hands the way she always did when nervous.

“Um… hello?”

Her HUD floated in the corner of her vision. Party list: all gray. Logout: gone. A single red message pulsed gently:

‹Anomalous Transfer Complete. Welcome to Eternal Realms, Traveler.›

Sophie didn’t know what to do. In a dream like state, she shuffled forward.

A narrow dirt path led toward lantern light and thatched roofs. She followed it on autopilot, hugging herself, until she reached a tiny village built around a lazy river. NPCs in colorful woven clothes went about their loops—children chasing chickens, an old man fishing, a woman arranging clay pots outside a small shop.

The potter woman spotted her immediately and waved frantically.

“Young healer! Thank the spirits! Please, I need help!”

Sophie’s brain short-circuited. Someone needed help. Someone was looking at her like she was important.

“O-oh! Of course! What’s wrong?”

The woman—nameplate “Amara, Master Potter”—launched into a tearful explanation: her kiln was cracked, her special clay deposit had been taken over by aggressive monkeys, her best glaze ingredients were missing, and tomorrow was the village festival where she had promised twenty perfect vases or her family would lose their stall forever.

Sophie, who had never been able to say no to a single person in her entire life, nodded so hard her hood slipped off.

“I’ll help! I mean—we’ll figure it out together!”

Quest Added: The Potter’s Last Chance (1/6)

First task: gather ten handfuls of sacred river clay from the eastern bank.

Sophie set off immediately, staff glowing with soft white light. The riverbank was crawling with level 52 elemental sprites that kept trying to drown her. She panicked, spammed Holy Nova and Flash Heal on cooldown, and burned through her entire first mana bar in under two minutes.

Mana 8/100 flashed in red across her HUD.

She fumbled a mana potion from her belt and chugged it without thinking. The glowing blue liquid tasted like a melted popsicle.

Task complete. Back to Amara. The woman thanked her profusely and sent her off on the next leg of her quest.

Quest updated (2/6): drive the monkeys away from the hidden clay deposit in the canopy.

After the short trek through the jungle, Sophie was attacked by viscous monkeys that leapt from the trees and threw branches at her. More panicked healing and another mana potion later, Sophie was surrounded by a pile of monkey corpses.

Amara sent her back out again, this time for moonbloom petals from the waterfall caves.

The caves were dark, full of bats, and required constant light spells which drained her mana again and forced her to use yet another potion.

By the time Sophie returned to the village for the third time, dripping wet and covered in bat guano, the sun was lower and her lower abdomen had started to ache with a gentle, persistent pressure.

She shifted from foot to foot while Amara thanked her tearfully and immediately launched into the next part of the story: the kiln still needed special fire-opals from the village elder, the glaze recipe had been stolen by a jealous rival potter, and the festival judges were already on their way.

Sophie opened her mouth to ask the very polite, very important question she had been rehearsing in her head (“Um, excuse me, where is the little healer’s room?”), but Amara was already clutching her hands with desperate eyes.

“Please, Miss Healer, you’re the only one who can save us!”

Sophie’s heart melted. The words died in her throat.

“O-of course… I’ll be right back with those fire-opals…”

She turned away, face burning, thighs pressed together under her long white robes.

She could hold it.

She had to hold it.

This poor woman’s entire life was at stake.

Sophie hurried away from Amara with a wobbly smile and a promise she was already terrified she couldn’t keep.

Quest updated (4/6): Retrieve the stolen glaze recipe from the rival potter’s house on the far side of the village.

The walk felt endless. Every step made the pressure in her abdomen slosh like an overfilled water balloon. She kept her staff clutched in both hands, knuckles white, thighs brushing with every stride.

The rival potter’s hut was guarded by two angry clay golems. Sophie squeaked, spammed every shield and heal she had, and chugged a fourth mana potion the moment her bar dipped below 20%. Grabbing the scroll she started her jog back to Amara.

Bladder 85/100 flashed across her HUD as a tiny, warm spurt of pee escaped into her panties. She froze mid-run, eyes wide, feeling the damp spot spread against the soft cotton.

She pressed her thighs together and whispered a frantic “No-no-no, not yet, please,” then hurried back to Amara, walking like a penguin in priest robes.

Sophie finally mustered up the courage to ask the potter if she could use her bathroom, but the woman must not have heard her as she cut her off and immediately dove into explaining the last task. The quest indicator was nearby, she could just do it quickly and use the bathroom after.

Quest updated (5/6): Deliver the fire-opals from the village elder.

The elder lived at the top of a very tall treehouse accessible only by vine elevator. The ride up was pure torture—every creak and sway jostled her swollen bladder. Halfway through the conversation with the elder, she felt another leak trickle out, longer this time, a warm bead running down her inner thigh.

She finished the dialogue with a high-pitched squeak, snatched the opals, and waddled back down the vines with both hands jammed between her legs under the folds of her robe.

Amara was waiting outside her shop, practically vibrating with hope. “One more thing, blessed healer! The kiln needs a final blessing at the sacred spring—just a quick prayer! The festival judges arrive any minute!”

Sophie opened her mouth to finally, finally ask about a bathroom.

The words caught in her throat.

Amara’s eyes were brimming with tears. Villagers were gathering. This was the dramatic climax of the quest chain.

Sophie swallowed hard. “I-I’ll be right back!”

Quest updated (6/6): Perform the kiln-blessing ritual at the sacred spring.

The spring was a five minute run through the jungle path. Sophie made it in three, leaking with almost every step, warm streaks running down both legs now, wetting the hem of her robes.

Bladder 97/100 blinked in red across her HUD.

She reached the spring, raised her staff with trembling arms, and began the channeled prayer.

Thirty seconds of casting. Thirty seconds of pure agony.

Halfway through, she felt her body giving up.

A long, hissing stream burst out of her, pouring straight through her soaked cotton panties and cascading down her legs in glistening rivers beneath her robes. She willed herself to stop peeing, but not before she watched her bladder indicator drain itself all the way to Bladder 88/100. The spell completed with a triumphant chime.

Quest Complete!

Reward: 300 gold, and the eternal gratitude of Verdant Hollow

Sophie stood there shaking, pee still dribbling, face crimson as the villagers cheered in the distance.

She bolted out into the jungle, back through the village, past celebrating NPCs, straight into Amara’s pottery shop. She slammed the door, frantically scanning for anything that looked like a restroom.

Nothing. Just shelves of vases and pots.

She opened a door to a small storage closet filled with more urns when the dam broke. Panicking, she rushed inside and closed the door to be out of sight. She unequipped her robes and tights, but the underwear was greyed out in the menu screen.

With a tiny, broken sob, Sophie squatted over an urn.

The rest of her bladder emptied in one long, forceful stream, echoing loudly off the glazed pottery. It went on and on until the urn was half full and her legs were trembling.

When it finally stopped, Sophie stayed crouched over the pot, tears rolling down her cheeks, the smell of warm pee rising in the tiny closet.

Outside, Amara’s happy voice called through the door: “Miss Healer? The festival is starting! Everyone wants to thank you!”

Sophie wiped her eyes, whispered a shaky “C-coming!” and tried to figure out how she was ever going to face the world again.

*008*2025-12-01 17:56

MESSING WARNING - This chapter contains a messing accident. If that’s not your cup of tea, there’s a short summary at the bottom leaving out the messy details for readers who just want to enjoy the rest of the story and not think about the messier implications of a universe where our protagonists can’t take their underwear off.

Chapter 5 - Lexi

User Stats <Lexi>

Bladder: 38/100 | Bowels: 60/100

Time Logged In: 0 days, 2 hours, 12 minutes

Lexi landed hard on her butt in scorching, powdery sand. The impact drove the air from her lungs and sent a jolt through her lower gut that made her eyes water for half a second.

She sat there blinking at two blazing suns in a violet sky, emerald bard outfit already sticking to her back.

“…Okay,” she said slowly, brushing sand off her palms. “Either someone spiked the Monster with industrial-grade LSD, or we actually got isekai’d. Placing my bets on the second one.”

She pushed herself up. Real heat. Real sweat. Real weight of her lute across her back. The HUD floated politely in the corner of her vision: party list gray, logout button conspicuously absent, and one cheerful red system message:

‹Anomalous Transfer Complete. Welcome to Eternal Realms, Traveler.›

Lexi barked a short, incredulous laugh. “Of course. Of course we got truck-kunned by lightning. Classic. This will be fun, but where the hell am I?”

She scratched her head, trying to think of what zone she landed in. Endless dunes in every direction, with only the occasional cactus or rock breaking up the monotony. A single cracked stone road snaked east, shimmering with heat haze.

First things first: intel.

Lexi strummed a bright, jaunty chord on her lute. Emerald sparkles swirled and condensed into her class pet: a palm-sized pixie with glittering green hair and a permanently smug expression.

“Chordling online!” it chirped, saluting. “Quest tracking active. How may I serve, Songstress?”

Lexi questioned her flying glitter troll.

“Quick rundown,” she said, brushing more sand off her shorts. “What’s going on? Where the hell are we?”

“Current zone: The Dune Sea, level 50–60 survival area.”

“Interesting, anything else out of the ordinary?”

“Logout function is currently unavailable due to realm instability caused by the Realmwarper’s awakening.”

Lexi’s grin faltered. “Define ‘unavailable.’”

“Permanently, until further notice.”

She stared at the pixie. The pixie stared back, unblinking.

“Cool,” Lexi said faintly. “Super cool. Love that for me.”

Her stomach let out a soft, ominous gurgle. She shifted her weight and pretended it was just hunger.

“Next question,” she continued, voice still breezy. “Nearest city with, like… facilities? Inns? Civilization? Anything that isn’t sand trying to murder me?”

“Scanning… Al’Karath, the Jewel of the Sands, lies 120 kilometers east along the Royal Caravan Road. Notable features include the Grand Bazaar, the Palace of a Thousand Fountains, and the Great Baths.”

Lexi perked up. The name was vaguely familiar. She had never been there in game before, but she could’ve sworn she heard Mia and Zoe talking about alts they had leveled there. Either way, a city would be a much better place to figure out what to do now that she had been sucked into the game world than the middle of a scorching desert.

“That sounds promising. How far did you say?”

“One hundred and twenty kilometers.”

She blinked, trying to ignore the low, gassy pressure building in her gut.

“Is there somewhere a bit closer we could make a quick pit stop?”

“Negative. The Dune Sea is intended as a survival challenge. Players are encouraged to embrace the harsh beauty of nature.”

“Well, is there a bathroom somewhere in this harsh beauty you speak of?”

The pixie just hovered, head tilted innocently as it pondered her question.

“The Great Baths are in Al’Karath, would you like me to set a waypoint?”

Lexi forced a smile that probably looked like she was being held at gunpoint. “Right. Fantastic. Set waypoint to Al’Karath. Maximum speed. Let’s get me to those fancy baths before I become one with the desert.”

A glowing golden line appeared on the sand, pointing east. She would just have to hold it until she got to the city. Lexi took a deep breath, adjusted her lute, and started walking.

Three hours of trudging under twin suns had turned the road into a frying pan and Lexi’s mood into a murder scene.

She wiped sweat from her brow and tried to sound casual. “Hey, Sparkle Menace. ETA update?”

The pixie twirled mid-air, checking an invisible map. “At current pace: three days, seven hours, forty-two minutes to Al’Karath city gates.”

Lexi stopped walking. “Three days??”

“Affirmative. Unless you increase your pace, yes.”

She sighed exasperatedly and squatted down in the middle of the road for a a quick moment of rest. She was dripping with sweat from the heat and her feet were starting to hurt. A silent little fart slipped out as she rocked forward on her toes. Her gas had been funny back in the girls’ basement when a bathroom was only a short walk away, but now it was just uncomfortable. She relaxed and let out a bit more gas in a series of tiny unsatisfying puffs, begging her tummy to cease its protest. No more relief came, but she could sense something brewing that she’d need to take care of soon. She shot upright.

“Let’s get going again. Maybe we can find someplace proper to rest for the night soon.”

The rest of the afternoon dragged on. The corset that had looked so cute in character creation now felt like a medieval torture device squeezing her intestines into rebellion. Every step made something shift ominously lower.

Her pace slowed to a near shuffle and her frequent quiet farts did little to help ease the pressure.

Bowels: 87/100 flashed across her HUD

The pixie zipped in front of her face. “Alert: you have a negative status effect slowing your movement speed. At current rate, arrival time in Al’Karath increased to eight days, four hours. Would you like recommendations for stamina buffs?”

Lexi groaned, one hand pressed discreetly to her stomach. “Okay, fine. Cards on the table. I need to poop. Like, yesterday. I’m not going to make it to town. Can you just find me the nearest bush that isn’t a mirage?”

The pixie’s eyes lit up like this was the best news it had heard all expansion. “Scanning for privacy… 400 meters north-northwest. Large cluster of daggerleaf shrubs. Acceptable cover rating: 73%.”

Lexi was already veering off the road. “Lead the way, you tiny sadist.”

She scrambled up a dune, boots sliding in the sand, corset digging in with every breath. The promised shrubs appeared: spiky, chest-high, and looking exactly like the kind of plant that hated people.

Perfect.

Lexi ducked behind the biggest one, waved the pixie away “Give me thirty seconds of dignity, please”, and immediately tugged at her emerald shorts.

They didn’t budge. She reached for the small belt and saw it was sealed at the buckle. Her tummy rumbled. She cursed silently, squatting on her heels.

“Wait Chordling, help me get these off!”

“To unequip your leggings, use the in game menus and select unequip.” Her pixie chimed in cheerily.

Lexi swiped at the menus in the air until she found her legs slot and selected unequip. The belt buckle sealing her shorts on popped open as they fell to the ground. She sat there crouched over in just her silky green panties with golden lute embroidery desperately looking for the underwear slot so she could finally relieve herself.

A sudden chittering screech cut her off.

From directly beneath the shrub erupted a scorpion the size of a pickup truck, obsidian carapace gleaming, stinger arched high.

“COMBAT!” the pixie squealed gleefully.

Lexi shrieked, shorts still around her ankles, and combat-rolled sideways as the stinger speared the exact spot her head had been.

Fight or die.

She yanked the shorts back up mid-roll, summoned her lute, and started blasting. Sonic bolts, dissonant chords, a quick Bardic Inspiration on herself—standard rotation.

But every leap, every twist, every desperate dodge jostled her gut.

Bowels 95/100 flashed across her screen in red.

As she sprung to her feet after another dodged attack, she felt a hot mushy pressure crowning in the seat of her pants. Panicked, she clenched everything, but a thick log crackled out anyway, spreading heavily into her panties. She froze, realizing what just happened before resuming her attack on the creature.

The scorpion turned on her, and as she hurried out of the way of its attack, she gave another involuntary push. Her silken underpants bulged and sagged filling with a log of warm mess that squished into her shorts with every frantic step.

She finished the scorpion with a final, furious power chord that shattered its carapace. It collapsed in a heap of twitching legs.

Lexi stood panting, legs apart, feeling the full, sagging weight behind her.

The pixie hovered at eye level, expression pure innocence.

“Combat complete! Victory! Would you like me to search for a safer bush for you? It appears your debuff is still nearing critical levels!”

Lexi’s eye twitched.

“Shut. Up. Just tell me how to unequip my underwear.”

She looked down at herself, at the unmistakable bulge distorting the back of her shorts, then back at the pixie.

“Undergarments are strictly cosmetic and cannot be dequipped. Do you want to hear more about gearing options?”

Another cramp hit. The rest wanted out.

She sighed, defeated, and squatted right there in the open sand. She removed her shorts and accepted defeat.

“No, Pix. I’m gonna take care of something now. Can you just make sure there aren’t any other scorpions around?”

The pixie flew off dutifully to set a perimeter.

The remaining load pushed out in one slow, crackling wave, packing the panties until they sagged like a water balloon. A final push, and her bladder gave up too—hot pee flooded the front, soaking through the silk and streaming down her legs in glistening rivulets.

When it was over, Lexi stayed crouched, hands on her knees, mess shifting warmly with every breath.

The pixie circled back over her, whistling. “No enemy scorpions in a 100m radius. Travel time to Al’Karath recalculated. New estimated arrival: never, at this pace.”

Lexi stood up slowly, the heavy, sagging panties making every movement an experience.

“New plan,” she croaked. “Find me the fastest mount, camel, magic carpet, anything. Because I am not walking three days like this.”

The pixie saluted. “Searching… results: zero. Would you like to craft a sand sled instead?”

Lexi closed her eyes.

“I hate this game”

——————————————————

CONTENT SAFE SUMMARY

Lexi awakes in a desert, transported into the isekai and unsure of what to do. She decides to summon her class pet, a pixie called Chordling, to get some intel. From her pixie, she learns the nearest city is Al’Karath—a roughly three day walk through the sands. Begrudgingly, she sets out. Before she can make much progress, a scorpion attacks her. She defeats it but has an accident in the process.

*012*2025-12-02 13:01

Chapter 6 - Sophie: The Hero of Verdant Hollow

User Stats <Sophie>

Bladder: 12/100 | Bowels: 10/100

Time Logged In: 3 days, 4 hours, 32 minutes

After narrowly escaping humiliation on her first day, the next few days at Verdant Hollow blurred into an almost gentle routine for Sophie.

In the morning, she would wake up on the straw mat Amara insisted was “the finest guest bed in the village” and accept whichever glowing exclamation mark appeared first—rescue a child’s lost kite from a carnivorous vine, heal a farmer’s sick ox, collect glowing mushrooms for the shaman.

Then she spent the afternoon chugging mana potions, healing things, and almost always overfilling her small bladder.

Whenever the pressure became too much, she’d slip into Amara’s storage closet, hike up her robes, and add another layer to the ever-growing contents of “Sophie’s Secret Urn.”

Her drenched panties would cling to her for hours afterwards, a constant reminder of her shameful little secret. She almost always smelled a bit like pee now, but the NPCs never noticed.

They never noticed anything unless she spoke to them first. If she stood perfectly still behind a tree, entire conversations froze mid-sentence. The angler would hold his “Fresh fish!” pose like a statue until she stepped back into his line of sight.

It was eerie.

It was also… comforting.

No one judged. No one stared. They simply adored her, but nevertheless she still felt embarrassed.

One afternoon she tried to confess.

“Um, Amara? If you notice a smell.. I’ve been… using one of your big pots in the closet. For, um… personal reasons. I’m really sorry—”

Amara’s face lit up with the same radiant smile she used for every interaction. “Oh, blessed healer! Your presence is the greatest gift the jungle has ever given us! Please, make yourself at home in every way!”

Somehow Sophie doubted that her hospitality included the freedom to pee herself anywhere in the domicile, but she realized by now that it was a lost cause to make them understand. No one in this village ever used the bathroom at all. No one but her ever had the need.

She had bags full of quest rewards now: roasted jungle fruits, sweet honey bread, endless bottles of sparkling spring water. Hunger was solved. The village showered her with praise every time she walked past. Children followed her like ducklings. The shaman called her “Daughter of the Moon” and tried to braid flowers into her hair.

But the quests all carried the same quiet worry underneath the cheerful dialogue. Strange rifts spitting out shadow creatures, plants growing overnight into man-eating monstrosities, rivers changing course for no reason.

Every NPC blamed “angry spirits” or “the season’s wrath.”

Sophie, with her player knowledge, heard a different name in every line of text.

Realmwarper.

Something out there was breaking the world, and this village was only the first symptom.

Still, helping the people here was cathartic for her. She lived for their gratitude, but she missed her real friends more than anything. She hoped they were out there somewhere and that they would be able to find each other.

By day four, the glowing exclamation marks had run dry.

Sophie stood in the village square, turning in slow circles, waiting for the next quest to spawn.

Nothing.

She had healed every ox, rescued every kite, collected every glowing mushroom. The village was, for the moment, perfect.

And then Amara appeared with the entire population trailing behind her like a funeral procession in reverse.

“Great healer,” she said, eyes shining, “the threats grow worse every day. The jungle itself has turned against us. We must travel to Al’Karath and beg the Emperor for aid. Will you protect us on the journey?”

New Quest: Escort the Verdant Hollow Refugees

Objective: Safely guide the caravan to Al’Karath

Reward: ???

Sophie’s heart leapt. A real goal. Forward momentum.

She accepted instantly.

By the time she reached the village entrance, the game had already done its magic.

A massive caravan had materialized out of nowhere. Covered wagons pulled by six-legged lizards, piles of crates, dozens of villagers in traveling clothes, children clutching stuffed jungle cats all sat ready to leave at her command.

Amara pressed a small carved pendant into Sophie’s hand. “For luck, Daughter of the Moon.”

As the last wagon locked into place and the lizards stamped impatiently, a familiar system notification appeared:

Bladder 80/100

Sophie’s eyes darted toward Amara’s hut. One last quick trip to the closet urn, then she’d be good for hours.

She hurried to the door and pulled.

It didn’t budge. In fact, the whole hut looked different. The many vases and urns that had cluttered the narrow steps outside the hut had simply vanished, despawned along with every other temporary object the moment the caravan quest triggered.

Sophie stood at the doorway, shifting from foot to foot, cheeks pink.

Outside, children were already calling, “Miss Healer! We’re ready!”

“One second!” She yelled back, as she made her way towards the canopy to relieve herself.

The second she slipped out of sight, a new message appeared in her HUD.

Warning: leaving the caravan zone will fail the current Quest. Do you want to continue?

She bit her lip then glanced once more at the caravan. This was her one chance to get out of Verdant Hollow, to go somewhere she might be able to find her friends. She turned and stepped back into the sunlight.

The villagers were all smiling at her, waving, completely oblivious.

Sophie took a slow, shaky breath.

“They won’t notice,” she whispered, “They aren’t even real.”

Her face burned red.

Right there in the middle of the village square, surrounded by cheerful NPCs and loaded wagons, she relaxed her bladder and let it happen.

Warm pee rushed out of her in a quiet flood, soaking straight through her cotton panties and streaming down her legs in warm rivulets that pattered onto the dusty ground. She kept her shy little smile fixed in place, hands folded demurely in front of her robes, while the accident ran its course.

When it finished, she gave the wet hem of her robe a tiny shake, climbed into the lead wagon with the same gentle “Thank you everybodies,” and settled among the blankets as if wetting herself in public was just another normal part of being the village savior.

The lizards lurched forward. Wheels creaked. The jungle swallowed the village behind them.

Somewhere far ahead, across rivers and mountains and an entire desert, lay Al’Karath—and maybe, just maybe, answers.

Sophie hugged her staff, smiled shyly at the cheering villagers, and tried very hard not to think about how long the trip would be… or how she’d find a way to relieve herself discreetly before they arrived.

*013*2025-12-03 02:58

Chapter 7 - Mia

User Stats <Mia>

Bladder: 60/100 | Bowels: 12/100

Time Logged In: 0 days, 3 hours, 10 minutes

Mia woke face-down in snow so cold it felt like fire.

Her helmet had come off somewhere in the transfer; ice crystals crusted her hair and eyelashes. She pushed up on gauntleted hands, plate armor groaning, and stared at a sky the color of a healing potion gone bad. Lightning crawled between purple-black clouds like living veins.

The HUD floated in front of her real eyes.

She scanned the scene frantically for her friends.

Party list: Riley, Lexi, Sophie, Zoe – all gray.

One bold red system message pulsed like a heartbeat:

‹Anomalous Transfer Complete. Welcome to Eternal Realms, Traveler.›

Mia’s breath came in sharp, white bursts. She forced herself to her knees, then to her feet, swaying on a narrow ledge barely wider than her boots. One step back was a cliff. One step forward was a switchback trail carved into the mountain. She called out into the howling storm.

“Sophie! Riley! Where are you? Let me know if you can hear my voice! Zoe? Lex? Anybody?”

She checked her bags on reflex—everything was there: sword, shield, potions, even the stupid cosmetic rose she’d equipped for the raid screenshot. Real weight. Real cold seeping through every plate joint.

“Okay,” she said aloud, voice cracking in the wind. “I’m the tank. The others are probably here somewhere too. I get down the mountain, I find them, I fix this.”

The cold was a living thing, squeezing her abdomen like a vice. She clenched everything and started climbing. She took one clanking step and felt it immediately: the bottle of water she’d been sipping that night had followed her into this frozen hell.

Bladder 68/100

She chuckled at the notification. In all her years of playing Eternal Realms, she’d never seen that before.

The trail was merciless—ice-slick stone, sudden drop-offs, wind that tried to peel her off the mountain. She kept calling out to her friends. Hoping she’d hear a response, but the only answers she got were howls of wind and biting cold. Every few minutes a yeti or frost-wraith mob lunged out of the blizzard. Mia met them with shield bashes and spinning slashes, dispatching them easily. She was over-leveled for this zone, but each impact of steel on ice jarred her swollen bladder like a kick.

By the time she reached an ancient stone bridge spanning a frozen lake, her thighs were pressed so tight the plate greaves creaked.

Bladder 89/100

She paused at the bridge’s center, one gauntlet braced on the crumbling railing, the other hand unconsciously pressed to the front of her codpiece.

“Just hold it,” she growled through chattering teeth. “You’ve held aggro through twenty-five-man mechanics. You can hold pee.”

Lightning forked overhead. The ice groaned.

Something enormous roared beneath the surface. Then the ice burst open.

A thunder elemental erupted from the center of the frozen lake like a nightmare given form—thirty feet of living storm, violet lightning crackling between cloud-arms, voice the exact distorted baritone from the Realmwarper trailer.

“MORTAL. YOU TRESPASS THE REALM’S EDGE.”

Mia planted her boots on the ice, shield up. “Yeah, well, you kidnapped my friends. Let’s dance.”

The fight was pure chaos.

Every shield slam cracked the ice. Every lightning bolt forced her to roll, leap, sprint. The lake groaned and splintered beneath her sabatons. Her HUD lit up with a flashing red indicator.

Bladder 97/100 → 99/100 → CRITICAL

She could feel every drop now, a hot, swollen weight begging for release.

“Not now—not now—”

The elemental raised both arms. A sphere of pure lightning formed overhead, big enough to wipe the lake clean.

Mia charged, roaring a battle-cry that cracked into a desperate squeak.

The dam broke.

Hot pee surged out in a violent flood, pouring down the inside of her greaves, steaming wildly against frozen metal. It filled her sabatons, overflowed the tops, and splashed in a visible yellow arc onto the ice. The warmth was shocking—almost blissful—against skin that had been numb for hours.

For one frozen second she just stood there, legs apart, letting it happen while steam rose around her thighs like a shameful aura.

Then the lightning sphere came down.

Mia raised her shield on pure muscle memory. The impact shattered the ice beneath her, sent her skidding backward through her own steaming puddle, and still—miraculously—she tanked it.

She answered with a leaping overhead strike that cleaved the elemental in half. It exploded into violet sparks that hissed and died when they touched the wet ice.

Silence fell, broken only by wind and the soft dripping of pee freezing into icicles along her greaves.

Mia stood in the wreckage, chest heaving, cheeks burning hotter than any blizzard.

“I just wet my best in slot pants,” she whispered to the empty mountains. “On a frozen lake. During a boss fight I’m ten levels too high to be doing. Lex would find this so funny.”

She looked down at the yellow-tinged slush around her boots, then barked one sharp, broken laugh that echoed off the cliffs.

“Whatever. At least I’m a bit warmer now.”

She squished onward, following the trail until the blizzard thinned and revealed a dark archway carved into the mountainside—an abandoned mining outpost, half-collapsed, but sheltered.

Inside, she built a tiny fire with trembling gauntlets and finally peeled off her helmet. The warmth on her face made her eyes sting.

While the flames grew, she explored the ruins and found a journal wedged under a broken crate. She flipped through the blood-stained pages filled with frantic handwriting. A quest popped up. She scanned the text.

“The Realmwarper tears holes between worlds… Seek the seer near Willowbrook and tell them the prophecy is true.. I’ve seen things… only the Chosen from beyond the veil can mend it… that is where it begins…”

If her friends were out there, surely this was the thread that would lead her towards them.

Mia clutched the book to her chest, armor still dripping, and stared into the fire.

“Willowbrook,” she said, voice steady for the first time all day. “Three days south. I’m coming, guys.”

She curled up in a corner, shield across her lap like a blanket, and let exhaustion take her—wet, cold, and absolutely certain of her next step.

*014*2025-12-03 13:21

Chapter 8 - Mia: Staying Warm in the Frostwood

User Stats <Mia>

Bladder: 78/100 | Bowels: 25/100

Time Logged In: 1 days, 3 hours, 46 minutes

Mia woke stiff, cold, and already desperate.

The ruined tunnel smelled of old smoke and yesterday’s frozen shame.

She shivered in her armor, dreading the cold that would come when she slipped her pants off to relieve herself.

She opened the menu and found her equipment tab. The cold hit her bare skin immediately when she unequipped her platemail pants. She squatted down in the back of the tunnel to shelter herself from the wind as much as possible and tried to quickly tug down her panties with her shivering hands. They were locked in place.

She struggled for a frantic minute, trying to find a way to remove the panties while shivering uncontrollably, but the grey locked icon in the menus confirmed her fears. It was too cold to experiment now to find a way to remove them.

“No more freezing,” she muttered.

Pants re-equipped, she clanked to the doorway, looked out at the endless dripping pines of the Frostwood, and made the decision right then and there.

She planted her boots wide in the snow-dusted threshold, relaxed her shoulders, and let the morning flood come.

Hot pee surged down the inside of her greaves in a long, deliberate stream, steaming violently in the frigid air. The warmth spread everywhere the cold had bitten—thighs, calves, even the soles of her feet for a few glorious seconds. Steam rose around her hips like a private sauna.

Mia closed her eyes and let out a slow, shaky breath.

That shouldn’t feel so good.

She shook the thought away, re-sealed her armor over the fresh wetness, and set her new rule as shame washed over her:

I hold until 90/100. Not before. Not after.

90 is the line.

It’s understandable to wet yourself at 90.

She marched south through sleet and wolves, shield up, jaw clenched. Every step sloshed the morning’s pee inside her greaves, a constant reminder of what was coming later. It was tempting to let go to warm her legs again, but whenever the pressure crept toward dangerous, she forced herself to focus on the rhythm of marching, the weight of plate, the sting of cold on her face—anything but the growing ache.

She focused on her goal and kept moving, eyeing the ascending bladder counter as she moved. Despite knowing it would fill her up faster, she forced herself to stay hydrated. She knew she needed to keep her pace and stamina to make it to Willowbrook. By the late afternoon, her bladder felt like a hot, heavy balloon pressing downward, every footfall sending sparks up her spine.

Bladder 90/100. She finally hit her target.

She found a quiet hollow off the trail, planted her boots wide again, and let go.

The second flood of the day was even better—hotter, longer, more satisfying. Steam billowed around her like dragon’s breath as hot piss dripped from the creases in her armor yellowing the snow beneath her feet. She stood there until the last drop fell, thighs trembling slightly, cheeks flushed from more than cold.

The next day, she woke early and continued her trek through the Frostwood. She felt her bladder tingle with her normal morning need but she reminded herself of her rule. She would maintain what dignity she could.

Today, the forest was alive with enemies—too low level to pose a real threat, but they helped distract her as she continued her endless march. Her favorite distraction was her self imposed mini-game of watching her bladder meter fill up though. She held through wolf packs, through a bandit ambush that left her shield dented and her breath ragged, through an icy river crossing that soaked her to the waist and made the pressure spike dangerously.

She held because she wanted to.

Because the ache had become something she controlled.

Because the moment she finally stepped off the trail at 90/100 and released felt like the only real victory she’d won since the lightning strike.

The warmth lasted longer each time now. Ten minutes. Twelve. Fifteen before the forest stole it back.

That night, camped under a leaning pine, she sat by her little fire and traced a gauntleted finger along the inside of her thigh plate where the fabric beneath was still faintly warm and wet.

She had peed three times that day, each one a warm reward for her diligent holding.

As she drifted asleep, her mind started to wander.

She felt proud of herself and wanted another challenge. Tomorrow she’d push it further.

Tomorrow she’d see how high she could get before 90 felt like mercy. She thought about how good it would feel to finally release. She shook the feeling from her thoughts. Not yet.

Mia woke warm for once, the memory of yesterday’s deliberate flood still clinging to her armor like a secret blanket. She smiled, rolled her shoulders, and decided today’s limit would be 95. No lower, no higher.

The forest tried to break her anyway.

Freezing rain, a pack of ice-wolves, a collapsing rope bridge over a half-frozen river. Every jolt, every sprint, every shield bash pushed her bladder harder.

By late afternoon she hit 90 but resolved herself to hit her new self proclaimed goal. As she walked, she started leaking in tiny, teasing bursts. Each warm spurt soaked into the fabric beneath the cold metal and made her bite back a moan. It was so tempting to give in and welcome the familiar warmth she knew was coming, but she wanted to hit her goal. At 95 exactly she stepped off the trail behind a boulder, widened her stance, and let the rest go.

The flood was long, steaming, perfect. She stood in the cloud of her own making until the last drop fell, thighs trembling, cheeks flushed with something that was definitely not just relief.

On the fifth day since her arrival, she woke needing to go again, but this time she allowed herself a quick, controlled release at mid-morning when the pressure brushed 90. A short, deliberate wetting behind a fallen log—just enough to take the edge off and leave her comfortably full again.

Then she set the real goal.

I’m holding the rest until I’m inside Willowbrook.

Locked door. Bed. Privacy.

That’s the finish line. She felt tingles of excitement at the thought.

Wait, why am I excited by that?

She justified it to herself as a way to deal with the boredom of walking through a forest of procedurally generated trees, but she couldn’t help but wonder if there was more to it than that.

The forest warmed with every mile. Pines gave way to birch and oak. Flowers appeared. The air smelled like spring instead of frostbite.

Mia walked slowly, savoring every throb, every tiny leak that escaped when the trail got rough. Each warm dribble down her thigh felt like a reward for making it this far.

92… 93… 94…

She enjoyed the heavy, swollen ache. The occasional hot spurt that slipped free when she jumped a log or climbed a slope. The way the warmth pooled and lingered before the breeze stole it.

She spent the last hour slowly leaking in her armor, enjoying the warmth but denying herself the release she so desperately craved.

She crested the final ridge at twilight.

Willowbrook lay below. Lit by a soft lantern glow, she spotted the thatched roofs and thin curls of smoke. She had made it.

She checked her stats:

Bladder: 97/100

Bowels: 84/100

Her bladder had distracted her from another pressing need, but after viewing the indicator it came rushing back into focus. She could feel herself quivering in anticipation.

There was no way she would be able to hold it back when she peed.

Another shaky laugh escaped her.

“Almost there,” she whispered to the empty valley. “Just gotta make it to a room. Then I can let everything go.”

She started down the winding path: plate clanking, thighs brushing, tiny leaks still escaping every dozen steps, heart hammering with anticipation and a feeling she still refused to name.

Willowbrook waited below, peaceful and unaware.

*015*2025-12-04 14:36

MESSING WARNING - This chapter gets really messy as the girls reach their breaking point in more ways than one. Since I'm not sure if this chapter violates the site content policy, I'm spoiler tagging it so it's explicitly opt-in. A content-safe summary is included at the bottom.

Chapter 9 - Riley: Losing Her Mind, Finding a Friend

User Stats <Riley>

Bladder: 62/100 | Bowels: 89/100

Time Logged In: 4 days, 6 hours, 33 minutes

Spoiler

Riley’s days in Willowbrook had blurred into a endless loop of despair and mania.

She had stopped pretending to fit into this world. She took whatever she wanted: apples from the market stalls, copper coins from open purses, every decorative vase that looked expensive. At night she would slip downstairs, pick the lock on the inn’s back room, and pocket the silver candlesticks to sell back to the merchants for even more coin. They always reappeared by morning, as if the world itself was mocking her for bothering.

She tested the edges of the simulation constantly. She stood on tables and screamed every curse she knew. She punched the baker square in his smiling face which made the guards drag her off. Buy after thirty seconds in a cell and a single shadowstep, she was free again—nobody cared. Nothing stuck. Nothing changed. The village reset around her like water closing over a dropped stone. Except for one worrying thing.

The innkeeper never respawned after Nytheria murdered him. His corpse had simply vanished one morning, leaving the counter empty and the second floor key forever on the hook. That terrified her more than anything.

If normal NPCs don’t come back… does the Realmwarper respawn?

If someone else kills it first, do the rest of us stay trapped forever?

The thought looped in her head like a bad song.

She stopped trying to be clean, too. When she needed to pee she just relaxed mid-stride and let it run down her legs in the middle of the square. NPCs smiled and offered her bread while warm streams pattered onto the cobblestones around her boots. Her gear seemed to clean itself periodically, but she still spent most of the day with damp legs and smelling like piss.

This morning she had woke with a heavy insistent pressure low in her gut.

Bowels 89/100 flashed across her HUD.

She sat upright in the inn bed, eyes wide. She had been dreading this moment, and had put it off as long as she could.

“Oh no. No no no—”

She sat on her bed hugging her knees to her chest as she weighed her options. She had to try something.

She spent two frantic hours trying to get her panties off with a renewed vigor. Rolling them down like stockings still didn’t work. Neither did cutting them. She played with the menus for ages, looking for a missed setting.

Nothing.

By noon she was sweating, doubled over—rocking back and forth on her mattress hoping an epiphany would come to her. She had thought that maybe letting out some gas would relieve the pressure enough that she could go another day, but even after farting all morning her guts ached worse than ever.

Her room stank like sour milk now. She sat there suffering, heel pressed against her throbbing bottom. She started to feel her log poking out just a tiny bit—her hole finding resistance as she forced it closed once more.

Bowels 97/100

“Fuck this.”

Riley went downstairs, waddling in tight circles around the empty common room. She was going to shit her pants. There was no escaping it. She knew it would happen soon, but she wanted to end it on her terms.

She marched straight out the front door of the inn, past the empty counter, and stopped in front of the one NPC she hated most: the eternally smiling merchant who always said “Fine wares for a fine adventurer!” no matter what horror was happening two feet away.

She planted her feet wide, right in the middle of the square at high noon.

“Fine wares this, you smiling piece of—”

A massive, crackling load pushed out all at once. The lacy rogue panties filled instantly. Her leggings tented out with the growing mess as far as the fabric would permit before she felt it spread warm and thick up the back and front. Another push, another wave—she emptied days of stress and cheap inn food in one long, satisfying dump.

When it finally stopped, the bulge was obscene, the smell unmistakable.

The merchant beamed. “Fine wares for a fine adventurer!”

Riley stared at him, chest heaving.

Then she laughed—high, broken, and more than a little insane.

“Yeah? Do you want to buy some of my crap?”

She unequipped her leggings on the spot—some of her fresh waste plopping on the ground around her.

Her black lace panties, now grotesquely overloaded and drooping, were suddenly the only thing covering her lower half. She turned and thrust her ass towards the merchant, shaking off some more of her filth on his display.

Bare-legged, mess shifting with every step, she paraded through Willowbrook screaming at the top of her lungs:

“Look at me! This is your perfect world!

This is what you made me do!

You don’t care? Fine! I don’t care either!”.

The baker NPC offered her a loaf of bread while staring straight ahead. She hated his stupid face.

Her rage boiled over.

“No thanks, I already pinched a loaf of my own off in my pants! Want to see?”

Riley snarled, squatted slightly, and put a hand against the seat of her panties, gripping her mess. The lace was tight, but the leg holes were already seeping excrement. She forced it flat, more warm mush coming out the sides in thick ropes. She scooped a handful of it and smeared it across the baker’s smiling mouth and cheeks, rubbing it in with vicious circles.

“Fresh bread, five copper!” he chirped through a mask of brown.

Riley spun back to the first merchant next. She shoved her filthy fingers under his nose and dragged a thick, stinking mustache across his upper lip.

“Fine wares for a fine adventurer!” he beamed, poop curling perfectly over his lip like a cartoon villain.

She plopped down on a bench and squished the mess further, milking more poop out the leg holes like disgusting toothpaste.

She scanned for her next victim.

A guard got racing stripes down his breastplate. The old woman at the market stall got a fecal handprint on her forehead.

Every NPC just stood there, smiling through the filth, reciting their lines like nothing was happening.

Spotting a villager with a wooden dinner bowl of stew mindlessly lifting spoonfuls to his mouth, Riley snatched the bowl mid-bite.

“And for dinner? My special recipe!”

She held the bowl beneath her. A forceful stream of hot pee gushed into it, filling it with frothy yellow liquid that mixed with the stew in bubbling swirls.

She shoved the bowl back into his hands, smearing some shit on his spoon for good measure. The NPC took a big spoonful of the piss-soaked mess and chewed happily, still staring at nothing.

“Lovely evening for a stroll, miss!”

By the time she ran out of ammunition, half the square was streaked and dripping, and Riley was on her knees again, hands coated, chest heaving with hysterical laughter that sounded disturbingly close to screaming.

She could feel the mess smeared against her skin but she didn’t care. She couldn’t care. If she did it would be too mortifying. She sat there crying and screaming at the world.

It was getting dark when Riley spotted the armored figure on the ridge and panic hit suddenly like she was sobering up. Another player?

She had to hide, nobody could see her like this.

She equipped her leggings, yanked them up over her shit stained legs in one frantic motion, and prayed the tight leather hid the worst of it. She wiped her hands on her cloak, but even without visible stains the smell was thick and unmistakable. She spun in a circle looking for anywhere to hide, but the square was wide open.

The figure clanked closer. The Nameplate resolved.

Mia – Level 60 Warrior (friendly)

Riley’s heart exploded.

“Mia?!”

Mia froze just inside the gate, knees locked together so tightly her greaves creaked. Her face was pale, eyes red-rimmed, armor dented and streaked with days of mud and worse.

“Riley?!” Her voice cracked.

They stumbled toward each other, but Riley stopped short, suddenly aware of every smell and squish. Mia didn’t seem to notice, she was distracted.

Riley forced a grin that wobbled. “You’re—holy crap, you’re real.”

Mia tried to smile back, but her thighs were trembling. “Yeah. You too. I—uh—I walked here from the mountains. It’s been… a lot.”

She fidgeted with her gloves, looking down. Then she shifted her weight before looking up with a pained expression in her eyes.

Then Riley heard it. A tiny, almost inaudible hiss, followed by the soft patter of liquid on cobblestone. A dark streak had appeared down one greave, spreading fast.

Mia’s eyes went huge. She slapped both gauntlets between her legs, face flaming crimson.

“I’m sorry, I’m trying to hold it, I swear—”

Riley’s brain caught up. She stepped forward, hands raised.

“Hey. Hey. Look at me.” She lowered her voice. “I’ve been pissing myself for days. It’s fine.”

Mia laughed once, a broken sound. “It’s really not—”

“It is,” Riley said firmly. “Because I didn’t just pee myself. I—” She took a shaky breath, then turned slightly so the mess was obvious even through the leggings. “I pooped. Like… a lot. An hour ago. In the middle of town. On purpose. I’m disgusting too.”

Mia stared at the evidence, then at Riley’s face, then back at the ground.

“Riley, I can’t hold it.”

More pee ran down her legs.

Riley reached out and gently squeezed her armored forearm. “It’s ok. You’re safe.”

Mia swallowed hard. “I… I still have to—” She pressed her lips together, eyes pleading. “Is it okay if I…? I really can’t hold the rest.”

Riley gave her the smallest, kindest smile she had left. “Go for it. We’re way past dignity.”

Mia let out a tiny, grateful sob. She widened her stance right there in the square and squatted, closing her eyes.

The trickle of pee became a torrent that poured through the saturated seat of her greaves and pooled around her. A soft moan escaped her mouth. At the same time a deep, crackling sound came from behind her as panties filled with a heavy load hidden somewhere beneath her platemail. She sat shaking until both waves finished.

When she opened her eyes again they were glassy with tears and relief. Mia met her friend’s gaze with a look of utter embarrassment but she steeled herself and joked,

“We are the world’s grossest raid team ever. But at least we’re back together.”

Riley offered her hand. “You’re still my raid leader. Inn’s this way. We’ll lock the door, figure this out tomorrow when we don’t smell like a sewer? With any luck this mess will have despawned by morning.”

Mia took it without hesitation.

They limped off together. Tomorrow they would start their quest.

——————————————————

NON-MESSING SUMMARY

Since her arrival, Riley has been living in Willowbrook and testing the borders off the simulation, not caring to “play adventurer” anymore. She’s grown frustrated with the unremovable panties situation and the lifelessness of the NPCs who haunt the town. As her body reaches its limit on the afternoon of the fourth day, she goes into a fit of mania, attacking the NPCs and cursing the world that imprisoned her. That evening, Mia arrives in Willowbrook and the two share a moment of shared vulnerability about their accidents before going to sleep for the night with plans to start on their quest in the morning together.

*016*2025-12-04 14:49

{{On 11/28/2025 at 8:54 PM, Blueyedhaw said:

Love it! Definitely continue, we need more fantasy stories!

}}

{{On 11/28/2025 at 9:54 PM, S52 said:

Wow! This is really promissing. Hope you continue this! ^^

}}

{{On 12/1/2025 at 6:06 AM, FlowingFaster said:

Keep up with the numbered stats. It definitely adds context for this type of story. I love a great medieval fantasy story that ends with a massive dragon battle. I hope you have more chapters comping.

}}

Thank you all for the kind words! I’ve been having so much fun writing this story and it’s quickly becoming a much longer saga in my mind than when I initially conceived it.

I’m going to take a break from my rapid fire posting after the next couple chapters so that I can write the rest of the story with a clear plan. But I do have a couple chapters for Zoe planned first, since it feels unfair to have let her stay dry for so long 😈

*018*2025-12-05 13:06

Chapter 10 - Zoe

User Stats <Zoe>

Bladder: 55/100 | Bowels: 20/100

Time Logged In: 0 days, 6 hours, 5 minutes

Zoe’s arrival in the isekai had been a jarring collision of confusion and calculation.

She’d materialized mid-stride in a misty forest, the transition so seamless she thought it was a graphics glitch at first. One moment in Mia’s basement, fingers on her keyboard during the raid pull; the next, real damp earth under her boots, real fog clinging to her archer leathers. The HUD floated in her vision—party grayed out, logout missing, that ominous red message about “anomalous transfer.” Shock hit hard: heart racing, hands shaking as she tested everything. Menus worked, spells fired true, but the world felt too solid, too painful when a thorn pricked her finger. This wasn’t a game. This was real.

She’d sat on a log for ten minutes, breathing deep, pushing down the panic. “Okay. Isekai scenario. Game rules apply, but physics are real. Think Zoe, Think.”

Thanks to her almost encyclopedic game knowledge, she mapped a plan. This was the Whispering Mists, a level 70 zone full of stealthy predators and hidden rifts. Too dangerous for solo. Nearest safe hub: Chiron’s Bend, a questing village, about three days south through safer paths if she avoided aggro. She’d ration her supplies, move stealthily, and set up a sustainable base there to figure out what to do next.

Zoe executed everything with methodical precision. She was orderly by nature—always had been, with spreadsheets for raid prep and color-coded patch notes. She moved at a steady pace, avoiding patrols, marking safe camps on a mental grid. Berries foraged only when she could guarantee she wouldn’t pull the horrors of the zone. Water consumed in pre-measured amounts every four hours. Even her body followed the rhythm: she peed each morning and night like clockwork, a creature of habit down to her biology. When she learned she couldn’t strip fully, she was grateful for her underwear choice. Her tiny black thong hardly absorbed anything and always dried quickly.

The early days she survived on pre-existing supplies from her bag. It pained her to eat her expensive buff food (selected for optimal damage against the Realmwarper encounter), but hunger was very real now and she didn’t expect to need the buffs it provided soon anyway. Rationed perfectly, her food lasted two full days without issue. But by the morning of day 3, she was cursing herself for not keeping more supplies on her.

She always only carried what she needed for an encounter, preferring the orderliness of a clean inventory. She used to make fun of Riley and Lexi for the random crap they kept around. She wondered if the two of them were out there somewhere finally making use of it.

Her hunger gnawed at her—real, stomach-clenching hunger that no game debuff had ever simulated. The few berries she managed to forage weren’t enough. She needed protein.

Zoe weighed the risk: the zone had high-level mobs—wolves, undead, worse—but deer roamed the edges. A quick hunt could yield meat for days. Hunger won. “Calculated risk,” she whispered, nocking an arrow. “In and out.”

She finally found a suitable spot to hunt that afternoon, where the patrols were just thin enough to sneak past. She crept through the mist, avoiding wolf howls, until she spotted a deer grazing in a small clearing. One silent step forward. Bow drawn. Release.

The arrow flew true, dropping the deer clean. Zoe exhaled, heart steady. Success.

She approached the carcass, knife ready for skinning.

Then the rustling started—heavy, deliberate footsteps circling the clearing. Too big for a wolf. Too intentional.

Zoe froze, arrow nocked again.

Something high-level had started hunting her.

She bolted, bow slung over her shoulder, mind racing through escape protocols. No panic—just calculation. She’d pulled a high-level mob; that much was clear from the heavy footsteps and the way it shadowed her without tiring. Standard procedure: get outside its tether zone, wait for reset. Mobs always reset.

She wove south through the mist, boots light on the moss, keeping her path erratic but controlled. The footsteps followed—persistent, adapting. She pushed harder, aiming for what she remembered as the zone border from game maps. She was close, the river was only three kilometers out. Cross that, and the mob should leash back to its spawn point.

But the footsteps didn’t fade. They matched her pace, sometimes circling wide, sometimes closing in just enough to make her veer off-course.

Zoe couldn’t see it. No visual in the fog—just the crunch of leaves, the occasional low growl that raised hairs on her neck. Invisible? Cloaked? This wasn’t normal mob behavior. Mobs were dumb—predictable AI loops. This felt… intelligent.

She had to be careful not to pull extras. The forest was alive with threats: wolf howls in the distance, undead spawn swirling from rifts. One wrong step into a patrol and she’d be fighting multiples. She didn’t want to die. Didn’t want to test if respawn was real here—if she’d wake up at a graveyard or just… end.

The chase dragged on for hours, the late afternoon sun filtering weaker through the canopy until it dipped toward sunset. Zoe’s lungs burned, legs ached, but she kept steady. Then the familiar evening twinge hit her bladder—a mild, scheduled need, right on time for her evening ritual.

She ignored it. Escape first.

The footsteps fell back. Zoe slowed, listening. Nothing. Had she evaded it? The “hunted” indicator in her HUD—a faint red pulse in the corner of her vision—still throbbed. She noticed another indicator too, but she tried to ignore it.

Bladder 78/100

She pushed on. As sunset bled orange through the trees, her need turned sharp, insistent. Zoe clenched with every step, but she couldn’t stop moving until she was safe.

The chase jostled her throbbing bladder. A small spurt escaped, dampening her thong.

Distracted, she lost her footing, tripped on a root and tumbled down a short embarkment, landing in a small grotto—overhung by vines, hidden by ferns. Her ankle roared with pain. Fleeing no longer an option, she curled tight, bow ready, breathing silent as stone.

The footsteps approached… circled… faded.

Zoe waited, bladder throbbing. Minutes ticked.. The little wet spot on her pants teased her, delightfully warm against her aching pussy. Another small spurt escaped and she watched the center of the wet patch grow darker as the warmth radiated outward.

She jammed her hands into her crotch, struggling to hold back. The bladder indicator flickered in her HUD, climbing as she trembled.

89… 90… 87

She panicked as she saw it drop, feeling her fingers warming. She shoved them harder into her dampening pants and stopped her stream for a moment. Then she felt another leak, longer this time. She bit her lip, trying to stay quiet, but the wetness spread, a soft hiss betraying her in the still air.

The footsteps returned—faster now. She heard the creature sniffing directly above her hiding spot. Zoe’s eyes widened. The urine. It had picked up the scent.

No sooner had that realization hit her than the creature burst from the shadows: a massive black bear with glowing green eyes, materializing like smoke made solid. Zoe sprang backward, her ankle screaming in pain. Her bladder spasmed with the shock. A dark stain began to spread down the thigh of her leggings.

The bear roared, lunging.

Zoe fired an arrow into its flank. It stuck, but the wound shimmered—druid magic.

A nameplate flickered into view: Thorne <Eclipse>

Zoe’s fear twisted into hatred.

The bear shifted mid-air, form rippling into a burly elven druid with long dark hair and green eyes. He knocked her to the floor, vines erupting from the ground to wrap her wrists and ankles.

Zoe struggled, the squeezing vines pressing hard against her bladder. The last of her control shattered—a final, forceful flood poured out, soaking her leggings completely as the vines tightened like a vice.

Thorne grinned down at her, eyes cold.

“Miss me?”

*020*2025-12-06 03:22

Chapter 11 - Zoe: Past Mistakes

User Stats <Zoe>

Bladder: 15/100 | Bowels: 25/100

Time Logged In: 2 days, 18 hours, 35 minutes

The vines tightened as Thorne shifted back to bear form, his massive paws thudding against the forest floor. Zoe struggled, but the druid magic held firm—thorny tendrils wrapping her wrists and ankles, binding her to the bear’s broad back like a trophy kill. He lumbered forward without a word, the motion jostling her injured ankle with every step. Pain shot up her leg, sharp and real, the adrenaline finally wearing off.

Zoe twisted her head, scanning for escape. The vines had weak points—nature spells always did—but her ankle was twisted from the fall in the grotto, swelling already. Even if she broke free, she’d be hobbling. He’d catch her in seconds. No, the smarter move was to wait. Observe. Find an opportunity when his guard was down. She was the analyst, the planner. Panic was for amateurs.

As the bear plodded through the mist, Zoe’s mind turned inward, piecing together the implications of Thorne being here. Of all people—him. They’d dated for six months in-game, back when she was Eclipse’s top DPS, carrying raids with her precision shots. Thorne had been charming at first: the strong tank who always had her back, whispering compliments in voice chat. But he’d turned manipulative fast—controlling her playtime, guilting her for grouping with others, demanding she prioritize him over the guild. She’d been young, blinded by that rush of online love, ignoring the red flags until they choked her. She’d ghosted him, left Eclipse, joined Mia’s guild. Never looked back.

Until now.

What did it mean that he was here? That Eclipse had been pulled in too? There had to be a reason. Zoe’s stomach knotted—part fear, part the low gurgle of hunger that still pained her.

The camp appeared through the trees: a hidden clearing ringed by burning skulls, black canvas tents camouflaged against the night sky. Eclipse banners hung limp in the still air. Thorne shifted to elven form mid-stride, vines loosening just enough to dump Zoe unceremoniously onto the dirt. She grunted, ankle throbbing.

“Welcome home,” he said, smirking.

Zoe’s eyes flicked to the fire where a familiar silver-haired figure sat sharpening a dagger.

Nytheria looked up, violet eyes narrowing. “Thorne. What have you dragged in?”

“Our old DPS queen,” he replied, hauling Zoe up and shoving her into a makeshift cage of twisted roots and iron bars. The door slammed shut, vines sealing it tight.

Nytheria stood, robes swishing. “Good. Keep her quiet. We have much to discuss.”

Zoe slumped against the bars, pretending exhaustion. She closed her eyes, breathing shallow, and listened. As a ranger, her keen hearing allowed her to eavesdrop from a considerable distance. The Eclipse raiders hadn’t considered this. Sloppy.

Thorne spoke first, as they talked in hushed whispers by the fire.

“First one down. She went easy. She was already exhausted from the threats in the zone when I found her. I just ran her until she broke.”

Nytheria nodded, her violet eyes reflecting the flames. “Good. That’s Mia’s team crippled. No full raid for them without their archer. Now we move on the real threats.”

Thorne leaned in. “Maybe Aetherblade? Heard rumors they’ve got someone in Al’Karath already—probably that mage of theirs. I think it’s their best player.”

“Might be too risky, we could take their healer easier.” Nytheria said, sharpening her dagger with rhythmic scrapes. “Remember we just need to take one from each major rival—split their group, leave them scrambling. No one gets a complete team but us.”

Thorne grunted. “Where do we stash them? Can’t drag prisoners everywhere.”

Nytheria smiled thinly. “I have a spot in mind—remember that old prison instance we used to run back in the level 50 days? We can clear it and use it as our own fortress. Mobs don’t respawn anymore, only players. I tested that. We’ll keep them safe there. Alive, compliant, out of the way. No rescues, no respawns.”

“Smart,” Thorne said. “We should split up to cover ground faster though. You can give me coordinates from your tracker log right? I’ll grab Darian first so we have our healer, then the two of us will loop back with a new captive if we spot one. Meet you at the prison in a few days?”

“Not yet. We stop there first together. I need your help to clear the mobs and watch our prisoner. Plus something tells me Darian will be alright on his own for a few days. Once we’re there, you can split off and I’ll set up alone. Don’t screw this up, Thorne. World-first is ours.”

Thorne chuckled. “Wouldn’t dream of it.”

Zoe’s heart pounded, but she kept her eyes shut. Nytheria had some kind of tracking device? And what was this prison instance they were going to? Eclipse were playing for keeps—and she was the first pawn.

As she drifted to sleep, she began plotting her escape. The tracking device might just be her salvation. If she could steal it somehow, she could find Mia, Riley, the others. She had to escape—warn them.

She had one chance at this, when she saw her opportunity, she would take it.

Zoe woke before dawn the next day, the cage’s root bars digging into her back. The camp was still silent, Eclipse members snoring in their tents. Her bladder was at its usual morning level—right on schedule.

She shifted quietly, unequipped her leggings, squatting in just her tiny thong and peed in the corner of the cage—a controlled stream that pattered softly onto the dirt.

She re-equipped her leggings and stood in her puddle, waiting for her captors to rouse.

Thorne appeared ten minutes later, unlocking the cage with a wave of his hand. “On your feet. We’re moving.”

Zoe limped from the cage, wincing at her swollen ankle. Thorne noticed, knelt, and pressed a glowing palm to it. Druid healing washed over her—warm, mending. The pain faded.

“There,” he said. “Can’t have you slowing us down.”

He bound her wrists with fresh vines, loose enough to walk but tight enough to prevent casting or navigating her menus. “Try anything, and I’ll make it hurt again.”

Ironically, they couldn’t take her bow away—although they did try. It was equipped to her and was hers alone to summon and dismiss.

Nytheria emerged from her tent, robes impeccable. “Keep her in the middle. Don’t mention anything important in front of her. We have a lot of ground to cover.”

Zoe’s mind whirred, trying to figure out where they were headed. Nytheria had mentioned a town, but without a sense of what direction they were headed, that could still be tons of places. A prison instance though, that had to be more unique. It came to her an hour later like an epiphany.

The Blackhand Mines—a Dark Dwarven settlement in a secluded underground zone, nearby. She hadn’t thought of it because it had been irrelevant for several expansions. The old zones were rarely visited by anyone max level except to travel through. An underground zone would be completely out of the way. The prison they mentioned, the Blackhand Hold, was at the deepest section. Nytheria was smart. No one would look there. Zoe filed it away, biding her time.

The march began at first light. Zoe in the center, flanked by Thorne in his bear form, Nytheria leading, floating just above the ground on green fire. The pace was grueling—through misty trails into rocky foothills. Zoe’s bound hands made balance hard, but she kept up, ankle healed but legs weary.

By afternoon, the sun beat down. Thorne shifted back to his elf form and stopped them.

“I’ll be right back, can you watch her? I need to empty the tank.”

He returned to bear form and moved off the trail slightly, foliage crushing beneath his bulk. Then a strong stream of piss began spattering against the leaves beneath him.

Nytheria looked uncomfortable, legs pressed tight.

“It’s so unfair that you can do that.”

He returned to his elf form after he finished. His gear still pristine and unsoiled. He chuckled.

“Should’ve played a Druid.”

Nytheria didn’t answer. A panicked look spread across her face as she shoved a hand into the crotch of her robes.

“Why’d you have to do that right in front of me?”

She danced in place for a second, fighting the inevitable before giving up.

“Damn it!”

She removed her robes and boots with a flick of her wrist, revealing pale purple shorts underneath that hugged her figure tightly.

A soft hiss immediately escaped her as a dark stain bloomed across the front of the panties. Pee poured down her legs in visible streams, pooling beneath her bare feet on the earthen path.

Zoe couldn’t help it—a small, bitter chuckle escaped her lips. “Finished potty-ing in your pants yet Nytheria? Or am I about to witness a server first poop from you too?”

Nytheria’s head snapped up, eyes blazing. “Laugh again, archer. See what happens.”

The group resumed, but Nytheria took the rear this time, glaring at Zoe the whole time. “Thorne—give her water. Lots of it.”

Thorne forced the waterskin to Zoe’s lips during breaks. She drank or choked. Bladder ticking up fast.

Bladder 65/100 flashed on her HUD like an omen. Getting under Nytheria’s skin was a key part of her budding escape plan, but she might have to deal with some consequences in the meantime.

The march dragged on. By evening, Zoe was shifting uncomfortably, vines chafing her wrists.

They camped in a rocky clearing. Thorne tied her to a tree, vines wrapping her torso tight.

Nytheria approached as the fire crackled, Thorne lingering nearby. “Comfortable?” she sneered. “Thorne’s told me all about you two. Told me lots of interesting tales.”

Zoe didn’t say anything. Her relationship with Thorne had been hard for her to come to terms with. A rare mistake in her otherwise mostly perfect life that she liked to pretend had never happened.

“Tell me, is it true that you used to have accidents during dungeon runs before you two broke up? He told everyone in Eclipse that you would piss yourself right there in your gaming chair because you couldn’t hold it. Pathetic.”

Zoe’s face burned. She’d confessed that to him in confidence, trying to mend what they had.

Thorne was always controlling, and he never let her take breaks when they played together. She should have left him after the first time it happened, but she had stuck around for months after.

Nytheria leaned in. “Bet you’re feeling it now, huh? All that water. Beg, and maybe I’ll let you go.”

Zoe glared, silent. Bladder at 92/100—throbbing, insistent.

Nytheria laughed. “Suit yourself. Sweet dreams.”

Zoe held as long as she could, vines squeezing her abdomen like a vice. A hot spurt escaped—then another. She bit her lip, but the dam broke. Pee flooded her leggings in a forceful hiss, soaking from crotch to boots. Tears of rage streamed down her face as she wet herself completely. When she and Nytheria were alone on the last leg of their trip… she’d escape. She’d make both of them pay.

*021*2025-12-06 13:45

Author’s Note

Chapter 11 marks the end of the first arc I have planned, with all the girls now each settled into the game world to some degree.

I’ve found this story really fun to write, and I have some big plans for the next arc that I want to start writing soon. Before that, I want to make a couple book keeping changes.

To address the messing chapters - I plan to continue them as think makes sense with the story, but I don’t want the story to become unreadable for people who skip them. To fix that, I’m going to start including a small section at the bottom of each of them below a dashed line with a summary—that way people who don’t want to read them can continue with the natural flow of the story and not have to have awkward gaps.

I’ll edit the existing two chapters to put in summaries before I release chapter 12 (the next Lexi chapter 🙂) so that people who skipped chapter 5 can follow along with her story.

I can’t promise there will be absolutely no references to that stuff outside of the tagged chapters for the sake of continuity, but if there is I will make sure to keep it “off screen” as much as possible

I’m also going to start including a “Time Logged In” value with the character’s status update at the start of the chapter to keep track of the current day. I’ve realized while writing this that weaving five different timelines together is complicated to follow even for me as the author, so this will help keep a better sense of the chronology.

I’m glad so many folks have been enjoying the story so far. It’s been fun writing again, and I hope to continue this saga for awhile.

*024*2025-12-07 13:18

{{4 hours ago, FlowingFaster said:

Do you have a mental map of this world, or is it based on a real actual video game? You have me imagining this could go beyond a standard omorashi story, like 30, 50 or 100 chapters, long enough to rival two very popular fantasy book franchises that almost everyone knows. You know with side quests, side characters, all kinds of tasks and jobs that need to be done before the final trek straight into the Realmwarper's lair. Maybe Valthorax the Realmwarper is invulnerable without specific items, magical spells and/or equipment that have to be found, purchased or collected through alternate storylines to eventually loop around back to the main quest storyline for completion.

Like how big is this current world? How long does it take to go from one farthest corner of the entire realm to the other farthest corner? Will there be an obligatory underworld?

Is Valthorax the true endgame boss, or is he just an underling of something way more powerful? LOL, sorry, I'm having Dragon Quest 3 flashbacks. Even with all the computer and console rpgs available today, for me, that old Nintendo classic still is one of the best rpg's I have ever played.

}}

It’s just my own fictional game world, based loosely on some MMOs I’ve played. I don’t have a map, but I want the world to be very large—taking weeks or months to traverse.

Your idea about the various items and side quests is something I’ve been thinking about too 🙂 Without spoiling what I have planned, let’s just say the girls are going to be stuck here for quite awhile.

{{3 hours ago, FlowingFaster said:

So shapeshifting into a bear or another wild creature makes it possible to bypass the realm's 'underwear removal not an option' perma-lock? So any male gamers pulled inside this realm who do not have shapeshifting abilities would endure the same humiliations as the women.

}}

Yep! I thought giving Thorne a workaround to bypass the humiliation would make for a better villain down the road—but I don’t plan to let most characters have an easy out like that.

I expect that as the story continues to evolve, there will also be male characters having accidents as well, though the focus will always be on the five protagonists.

