A Kobold Story

Author: Dronz

*000*2017-12-02 01:41

Just to get this out of the way, this is my first time writing on the site, so feel free to provide constructive criticism.

Character Description:

Aki is a Kobold. At 3'6, she is average sized for a Kobold. She weighs somewhere between 20-30 lbs. She has earthy clay red scales with sickly golden eyes, looking over her long snout. She holds herself with a mix of curiosity and fear. She is wearing furs and skins, with a necklace of seemingly meaningless things such as a polished knucklebone, a sack of dried herbs, a single six sided die, and a feather. She had a satchel of supplies with a tent and bedroll on her back. She carries a spear decorated with furs and feathers, and on her back a quiver of small, barbed javelins.

Without further adieu: The Story.

It was early morning when they struck. I had just fallen asleep after a day of training with the Shaman. I woke before my sleep was deepened. There was an attack- It was humans. I was sent into the nursery, with the elders and hatchlings. We were all afraid. The tribe had no dragon to defend it. I packed some emergency supplies, a tent and bedroll. The noises of fighting got closer. I spoke with an elder, "Vas, do you think we will make it?" I asked. The elder replied, in a tone of thinly veiled fear, "No. We are too weak from the famine." I knew he was right. It was a battle of throwing our least starved at them. I looked to the escape. We could run, but life above ground was hard. The sun was blindingly bright and the creatures above dangerous. Then there are humans, their hunters and slavers that kill and capture. I knew that nobody here would make it. I neared. The escape was a rope and wood ladder leading up to a cave exit we dug. It exited in the hollow beneath a tree.

I was afraid. They were beating at the door now. It would break soon. I felt a familiar nagging in my abdomen- Not the time to think about it. The crack resounded through the hall when they broke in- I ran. I ran and started climbing. It wasn't until I was looking down from atop the escape ladder did I notice the streaking warmth, I was terrified but my mind shifted focus. I realize that warmth was me urinating.. I felt it soak into the fur of my clothing as a human started climbing the ladder. I cut it down. I ran, the last thing I saw was humans trampling over unhatched eggs and slaughtering the elders.. I escaped, presumably the only survivor, into the bright sunlight. It hurt, but it was so colorful. I ran away, until I found a rock overhang filled with dead leaves. I buried myself to sleep for the day.

###

To Be Continued?

*002*2017-12-02 12:11

Now with renewed vigor, I continue this story.

___

Aki awoke in late evening, she felt an odd, damp feeling. She took a moment to remember what happened before she realized the situation she was in. She was alone, her pants were soaked, and she ran away from her tribe.

No looking back. Aki decided to focus on finding a place to stay, for now. She can mourn when she is safer. The Kobold stood up and started looking around. This overhang was nice, but too obvious. She also needed to deal with her damp clothing. While it wasn't a problem for her scales, she needed to get the smell away. Tracking dogs would find it easily. For now, she left her entire outfit in the overhang and put on a pair of loose shorts, a belt, and a robe made of linen. It ought to do.

She relied heavily on her waterskin as she wandered, drinking around half of it. She eventually settled in a little hollow under a tree when the sun was rising.

She lied down to sleep, and drifted away.. In her dream, it was the day of the attack. She was in the nursery. The door broke in, but she couldn't run. She was frozen in fear. Everyone around her was cut down, then they approached and thrust a blade into her chest. She fell backwards, cluching her chest. She lay there dying, she felt her bladder and bowels release.

..She woke up screaming, and in an expanding puddle of her own urine. She didn't try to stop it, the damage was already done. "Look at you, like a hatchling.." She thought bitterly, before standing. The linen was treated to be waterproof, but her pants were not. She could wash them in the nearby stream. She sat up and started to think about everything that happened. For a moment, she was calm. She quickly began to feel overwhelmed and cry. She hadn't eaten since the evening before the attack, and needed to hunt sonething.

###

Part 2, written on a whim.

*004*2017-12-03 06:08

I feel like I have a good idea of where to take this, but if any readers have any way they wanna take this, or anything else to say, just kinda make a suggestion. I'll probably write another chapter tomorrow.

*005*2017-12-05 04:45

I had a case of writer's block, but this isn't dead. Far from it.

*006*2017-12-06 05:30

Aki washes herself in the river, as well as her pants. She moves upstream and starts to drink from the stream, then starts to go around and set traps. She wasn't a hunter, but it doesn't take much. After some time, she leaves. A few hours later, she checks her traps.

Aki was hungry enough that she didn't even cook. She just are rabbit and squirrel raw. She sets up her tent and starts a fire for warmth. Aki is going to have a good day's sleep..

Aki awakens at midday, something was wrong. She leaves her tent.. Humans. All around. Hunters. They surround her and one raises a club wrapped in cloth, and swings it. Aki feels a pain in her head, before passing out.

*007*2017-12-07 08:34

I just got on and realized this has 400 views. Thank you to the silent majority of my readers. I didn't think this would get fifty, not many Kobold lovers out there.

*008*2017-12-13 05:31

When Aki awoke, she was in a cage, tied up. Her clothes stank of urine and fear, and she was in a human city. She looks around as she is pulled through a large gate and into a lord's hall. The lord pays the hunters and she is thrown into a cell. After an hour, she was given some stale, burnt bread and slightly molded meat. She ate.

She was brought out, the Lord of the land spoke, "I intend to kill you." He says, "However, my son wants a new exotic servant to show his friends. You are perfect for this. Do you understand?" Aki speaks, weakly, "Y-Yes." She was to be a servant, a plaything for a lordling.. But she would be alive, and fed.

*010*2017-12-13 18:40

I have been considering putting diapers in the story, but it wasn't part of my initial plan for it.

*012*2017-12-24 09:06

As it turned out, Aki was particularly lucky. The lordling she was bought by was sympathetic to her plight, or seemed to be. She was given proper clothing and a room to call her own.

Living here did have it's downsides. She was expected to work hard. Clean the floors and dust under tables and chairs. Do things that humans would have to bend over to do.

She also has to wear a maid uniform that is supposed to look cute. Her small size means she was given children's clothing. It isn't as uncomfortable as you would think, but her tail has lifted her skirt on occasion. She isn't embarrassed by this as much as she should be.

It was around early evening when she finished her work. She asked for a break before the sun set, and was denied. She walks away, afraid to say her problem. Her bladder was filling and causing discomfort. Hopefully she can make it through her evening duty..

*013*2017-12-25 09:09

I will keep this thread going

*014*2018-01-01 07:29

I decided to write a non-canon story for the new year. Warning though, it will feature diapers, and messing.

Aki was more embarrassed now than ever. Her master had taken away her uniform and given her this.. Embarrassing undergarment for hatchlings. It was part of some human celebration, they said. They chose her to be a 'baby new years' before letting her loose at the small party.

By small, she means around thirty lords and ladies. Everyone watched her. She had been drinking wine, and her large dinner earlier was starting to get through.. Hopefully her master wouldn't deny her the chamberpot again.

Now that she was more used to walking around in her diaper and sash, she approached her master. "E-Excuse me, Master. N-Need chamberpot." She said, and the human replied with words that rattled her scales, "Why, you're wearing it baby new year."

That reply was all she needed to hear to know that her master was going to enjoy watching her struggle. She nodded and walked away, the garment making her waddle slightly. She blushed after a few minutes, as when she was talking to a fellow maid, her sromach gurgled. Her bladder grew more urgent as the night went on.

After another hour or so, the bearable discomfort grew worse. She started to shift from foot to foot and tried to squeeze her legs together, but the thick diaper prevented that. It also made any attempt to hold herself null. She whimpered and her tail lowered to the ground when she felt a warm spurt penetrate her defenses, soaking into the childish undergarment. She bept fighting for a few more minutes, the spurts getting worse, from quick half-second spurts to full second and eventually longer, until her tail lifted and she started openly wetting herself.. With one release, the other begged for it. She blushed as she passed gas while wetting herself, only to look around and realize everyone is watching.

As if that wasn't enough, the sheer embarrassment led her to panic. In that panic, her tail lifted up higher. With the warm wetness soaking into the front and underside of the diaper, she also felt pressure begin to build. She involuntarily grunted as in her panic, she had lost control of her bowels. Her body pushed soft mush into the back of her diaper. She shuddered as she felt the sticky, warm substance coat her backside and the underside of her tail. She squatted her legs slightly, and the growing bulge made it obvious to the onlookers what was happening.

She fought back tears, she knew they would want to see her cry too. The party went on for another two hours, and her master refused to let her change. At one point, a lady showed her kindness and given her a hug. Around an hour later, a cruel lord made a rude comment about the amell and made a show of picking her up and patting her diaper. She felt the mess squish and spread, going between her legs and coating her entire backside now. After the party, she was hand-cleaned by her lord's bathers, much to the dismay of all parties involved.

*015*2018-01-01 11:45

Don't be afraid to criticize, constructive criticism is one of the best ways to improve.

