A Series of Pee Filled Events (Desperation Fic for a Friend)

Author: DeggyOmo

*000*2020-08-31 20:28

This is gonna be a doozy. It starts at an isolated park, which in this world is widely known for the amount of pee fanatics it gets.

My friend Pinky, who so happens to be one of those people, heads over there for a round of pee fun.

I am already there, playing ultimate frisbee with some old friends from high school. For some reason, it took me a while to pick up Pinky was there, and as you’d expect, at a park that’s known for pee, she’s desperate to find a spot to pee.

Meanwhile, it’s a neck and neck fight in the ultimate game. Game is tied 7-7, and next point wins. As were setting up for a final play, Pinky finally finds a place to empty her overflowing bladder. Unfortunately, it’s nearby where we are playing which means there’s a chance I could run into her. She looks around and somehow doesn’t see us.

As she’s sitting down to release all her pee, we start our play. I start running forward as the handler takes the disc, looking for an open man. I then fake out my defender, spin and am wid e open deep downfield. The handler sees me and goes for it all, a deep pass all the way to the end zone... which is just a few feet from where Pinky is. I full on sprint, going for the epic game winner, but the disc is slightly overthrown, and is heading down for the tip of the end zone. By a miracle chance I manage to make a massive outstretched diving catch and barely stay inbounds for a miracle game winner.

However, I slide out of bounds, which was after I caught it, and slide right into Pinky a few feet away. She looks at me beat red as she was already nearly stripped down at this point. She jumps up embarrassed, and in the distance my teammates are screaming about the crazy play and run towards me. I jump up and celebrate with them. No question that was my greatest catch I’ve ever had in season or out of season.

Pinky meanwhile is still desperate and anxious to get a release. After the celebrations die down, we start heading back to get our belongings, but Pinky calls to me.

“Diego! Wait! I..I want to walk around in this park with you. I wanted to do something special with you.” I paused. It dawned on me exactly what she wanted, given the park we are in, and I smiled. What could be better? A game winner and satisfying one of my fantasies? It’s pure gold. I tell my teammates that they can head off without me, as they wanted to grab a bite to eat after the game. I grabbed my bags and headed over to Pinky, and we started walking around the park. She’s looking more desperate than ever.

If I had to guess, she was easily at an 8 or a 9 in regards to how bad she needed to pee. I walked around with her and suddenly I started to wince. My bladder was quickly filling to max capacity. I remembered that I had 4 waters throughout the game and a Gatorade and realized that could rapidly fill my bladder. Now both of us are desperate, and I’m trying so hard not to wet myself around her. While I do that, she’s on the verge of completely breaking.

“Hey, do you want to go somewhere and let all the out?” I ask her, looking very concerned. “Yes, I’m about to burst!” She says. And then it happens. I look closely and I see drips coming down her legs and shorts. At that point, I grab her hand and SPRINT to find somewhere perfect to finally let it go. That’s when out of the corner of my eye, I spot the perfect location, the infamous Pee Lake, which is an ideal spot to let out her pee, right into that nice water. I tell her. “Can you hold it for a little bit longer? I’m taking you to Pee Lake!”

“I can’t hold it anymore, if it’s nearby, make it fast!” She says, as more pee drips down her leg. I grab her by one hand and run as fast as I can until we finally reach Pee Lake.

She tears her shorts off and looks down at the wide open lake water. I drop my shorts as well and look on, and within a few seconds, it comes out of Pinky like a tidal wave into the water. I turn to her, and the look on her face is tremendous relief. I see bubbles in the water as a strong stream of pee rushes out of her. I can’t take it anymore and I finally release the amount of pee I was holding. We look at each other and smile, knowing this is exactly what Pinky wanted to do with me. But, we’re not done here.

After she and I finish up, I playfully tackle her and start to kiss her, smiling while we do it. I then tell her to get on top of me, and she knows exactly what’s gonna happen. “So is this how you wanna play after that hmm?” She smiles seductively. “Oh you know it. Let’s have a pee good time shall we?” I laugh at my corny joke and slowly slide Pinky down so her pussy is close to my rock hard dick. She lifts her pussy up and starts to ride my dick. I moan and smile as she bounces up and down over and over again. The amount of force shes using is insane, and I’m enjoying every second of this.

I kiss her as she rides me and she moans with pleasure. Finally, we both reach our climax point and before I can, Pinky starts leaking cum onto my dick. I smile and within a few moments I shoot a huge load of cum into her pussy. But that’s not at all. Both of us still have some pee in our systems and I decide to shoot my pee deep into her pussy. She smiles as I unleash a final round of pee into her, and she recoils by letting her pee out with mine. Once it’s all over, we collapse smiling. Holding hands we look at each other.

“That was amazing. Couldn’t have asked for a better time.” Pinky says. “Couldn’t agree more.” I say. We both stand up shortly after, gather our things, and leave the park, after one of the wildest, most fun times I’ve had with someone in a while.

