Tremethyk

Author: desertfc

*006*2018-03-06 18:49

Interlude

Heat. Intense heat. Noise. Twisted metal.

Aiden Bosanko held a wet handkerchief over his nose and mouth. His eyes watered as he galloped amongst the columns of smoke, desperately trying to overcome his rising panic at the realisation of how hopelessly disoriented he’d become in the maze of burning chaos.

What the bloody hell…

The dockyard was catastrophically ablaze. The heat was intolerable and the smog impenetrable. Hours upon hours of meticulous preparation had imprinted on his brain the exact layout of the dockyard; every warehouse, every pylon, every shipping container, every exit walkway.

But the inferno had shattered it all, destroying his mental map with the same sneering contempt with which it had annihilated the dockyard. Cranes toppled all across the yard like twigs coming down in a storm. Thoroughfares wide enough to admit lorries and car traffic were obstructed with red-hot debris. Every turn seemed to lead to dead-end after dead-end, and every second spent among the conflagration brought him closer to his own dead end.

Aiden jogged past a corrugated iron fence towards the last of the warehouses that had not yet been engulfed by the flames. As he came up alongside it he realised with a flash of hope that the catwalk connecting the warehouse to the external trucking facilities was still intact. That was it. The only way out.

Aiden sprinted to the warehouse office entrance and rattled the doorknob. Locked. He cursed, took a couple of steps back and began breaking down the door. Two attempts. Three. Four. Five. It wouldn’t budge. Sweat poured down his brows as he futilely struggled with the doorknob again.

Suddenly the door swung open.

‘Who’s there? Get inside, for God’s sake!’

Aiden didn’t need telling twice. He leapt through the door and turned to face the silhouette standing before him as it slammed the door shut.

‘Is that you Mark?’ Aiden asked, wiping sweat and soot from his eyes, ‘Good God, I thought the blast had killed everyone.’

‘Yeah, it’s me. Rob and Angelo made it as well. But that’s all, I think,’ Mark ran his hand through his soot-stained hair, ‘Hell’s bells, Aiden, by rights we should have been goners as well.’

‘Yeah, I think we can all buy lottery tickets after we get out,’ Aiden joked acerbically, ‘Not like those other poor bastards. Where are the other two?’

‘They went to the control hub to see if the waste pumps are still operable. We were going to flood the piers,’ Mark gave Aiden an apologetic look, ‘It might stink to high heaven and give us all lung disease, but it’s better than burning alive.’

Aiden shook his head.

‘There’s still another way out. The catwalk connecting this building to the plaza is still intact,’ Aiden observed, gesturing upwards. ‘We have to go get the others, if we get up there quick we should be able to get across before the flames reach us.’

‘But we can put all the fires out now,’ Mark said with a frown, ‘If they spread to the refinery the whole port will blow up.’

‘Nah, the refinery is protected,’ Aiden dissented, ‘They’ve got five feet of concrete and a state-of-the-art fire suppression system.’

Mark hesitated, eliciting some frustration from Aiden.

‘Mate, if we stay here any longer we’re gonna be toast whether they get the pumps working or not,’ Aiden protested, ‘There’s just not enough time.’

‘Damnit, you’re probably right,’ Mark acknowledged, staring fearfully at the orange glow visible through the warehouse’s Perspex roller doors, ‘But if the refinery does burn somehow-…’

‘I’ll take the rap for it, Mark,’ Aiden assured him desolately, ‘This is all gonna come back to me, anyway. Arthur’s dead.’

Mark looked thunderstruck.

‘What?! No! Arthur? But he’s not meant to be here!’ Mark exclaimed aghast.

‘He insisted,’ Aiden sighed. ‘Bloody idiot. Wouldn’t trust me to see it through, so he came to the command post.’

‘But he might have gotten away, right?’ Mark quibbled desperately, ‘I mean we were only thirty yards from the blast and we were okay. The command post’s further back than that.’

‘It is, but you three had all those containers to buffer you against the explosion,’ Aiden pointed out, ‘Arthur wasn’t so lucky. I was below when it happened. When I looked up he was laid out flat. And the fires spread there so fast. I tried to get up there, but I couldn’t.’

‘Well, then we have to flood the piers, we might still be able to-…’ Mark began.

‘No!’ Aiden snapped. ‘Those waste tanks were emptied last week, they won’t even be half-full. We’d just be spitting at a bonfire and any delay will get us all killed!’

‘But Aiden, we might still be able to get to Arthur,’ Mark insisted, ‘And there’s the other guys out there. I don’t know. They’re probably dead, but we should’ve been too. We should try to give ‘em a chance.’

Aiden’s rebuttal was cut off by a voice floating down the corridor adjacent to the warehouse offices.

‘It’s no use, Mark, the damn things won’t open.’

A burly man sporting a deep gash to his forehead rounded the corner and caught sight of Aiden.

‘As I live and breathe,’ the man clapped his hand on Aiden’s shoulder, ‘I never thought to see you again, pal!’

‘I’m counting my blessings, Rob,’ Aiden agreed, ‘Where’s Angelo? We’ve gotta get out of here.’

‘He’s giving it one last try. He’s not far behind,’ Rob assured him, ‘But what are we gonna do? Swim for it, ya reckon?’

‘We can’t. The blast opened up the chemical vats on the waterfront putting God knows what into the water,’ Aiden gestured upwards, ‘We can get out up there. But we’ve got to go now.’

‘Righto, well I’ll go get Angelo. Oh!’ Rob remarked as footsteps approached the trio, ‘Speak of the devil.’

It took the four of them less than a minute to make it upstairs and onto the walkway. As they traversed it out into the open, they looked down at the stricken dockyard below.

Huge fires raged everywhere. Every corner of the dockyard was illuminated by the blaze as brightly as if the noon day sun were shining on it. In the distance they could just make out the command post platform where a body lay spread-eagled on the metal latticing.

For a moment all four of them just stood and stared, then they turned all their faces away and continued along the catwalk. Nobody spoke. What was there to say?

As they reached the end of the walkway a figure approached the quartet. Aiden squinted against the smoke trying to make out who was arriving. But as the figure came close enough to be recognised, Aiden’s expression hardened.

‘Aiden! Mark! Are you alright?’ the newcomer asked frantically, ‘It’s a disaster! I knew it! Why didn’t he listen?’

‘You! You’ve got a bloody nerve!’ Aiden growled, seizing the man by his shirt and gesturing towards the dockyards, ‘Look out there, you snake. Look what you’ve done.’

‘What are you talking about?’ the man protested. ‘I tried to stop this happening!’

‘So you knew what would happen, and now it’s happened,’ Aiden summarised venomously, ‘That’s all the proof I need. You sold us out.’

‘What?! No! I didn’t! I-…’

Aiden’s punch arrived at light speed and knocked the man out cold. Mark, Rob, and Angelo stood there mouths agape. Eventually Mark broke the silence.

‘Alec did this? But… Why?’

‘He’s a goddamn commie rat, that’s why,’ Aiden spat, ‘I had my suspicions before. Arthur should have listened.’

Mark and Rob exchanged looks.

‘Ya know, he’d have been just about the last person I’d have figured to be a commie,’ Rob asserted disbelievingly.

‘Sometimes it really is the last person you’d suspect, Rob,’ Mark observed pithily.

‘I guess,’ Rob pondered, ‘So what’re we gonna do? Toss him off the bridge into the mess he’s made down there?’

Aiden maliciously entertained the thought for a second before letting it go.

‘No, I think I want to interrogate him properly first,’ Aiden said slowly.

And see what he knows.

‘Fair enough,’ Rob reached down and flopped the unconscious Alec over his shoulder. ‘Let’s go?’

The sun was beginning to rise as the group hastened over the metal gangway. They got away from the site even before the emergency services began to arrive. Mere minutes after they’d crossed it the gangway gave way and collapsed. The entirety of the lower docks was aflame now. There would be no more survivors.

*009*2018-03-09 19:03

Some light sexual content is contained in the coming chapter, but nothing too X-Rated. Just thought I'd let you know ahead of time, though.

- des

Chapter 5: Aphrodite

‘Leasey. Leasey! Hey Elise! Guess who’s here?!’

Elise stirred blearily as a commotion in the room roused her. It took her a couple of moments to remember where she was and realise who it was that was addressing her.

Millie’s room. Did I fall asleep on Millie’s bed? Oops.

She propped herself up onto her elbow, slowly starting to regain her situational awareness. The smell of cooked cheese wafted in the air causing her mouth to start watering and her tummy to start growling. But then she heard another growl, one which caused her heart to skip a beat. The ruckus that had disturbed her seemed to have been caused by Beanie running around like a wild thing, playing with something small and familiar…

‘TYSON!’ she cried sleepily, only to have a small torpedo of fur leap up onto the bed and start licking her face vigorously before doing little pirouettes of joy on top of the doona.

The tricolour Jack Russell Terrier was bouncing around like a happy little dynamo. Just then Beanie leaped up at the side of the bed in excitement and Tyson bolted over the other side of the bed and out the door, leading Beanie on a galloping circuit through the house.

‘Thank you so much, Millie!’ Elise said overwhelmed, wiping tears of joy and relief away.

‘Don’t thank me,’ Millie advised her, nevertheless quite pleased with Elise’s reaction, ‘It was Al who went and got him! He just got back ten minutes ago. He even brought back pizza!’ she added, indicating a couple of cardboard boxes she deposited at the foot of the bed.

Elise sat upright and rubbed her eyes. She felt something nagging her in the back of her mind, but couldn’t quite work out what it was. The girls helped themselves to the food and munched away in silence for a minute.

‘How long have I been asleep?’ Elise eventually asked, noticing that outside the window it was still dark.

‘Not long. Maybe an hour?’ Millie estimated.

‘Oh,’ Elise said stretching, ‘Sorry I took your bed…’

‘That’s fine. You’re pretty cool so I wouldn’t have minded sharing,’ Millie told her with a wink, ‘But there’s a bedroom just across the hallway as well, I guess we should get you set up in there.’ Millie added puffing up a cheek.

‘Um, okay, thanks,’ Elise said awkwardly, feeling a few butterflies again as Millie gazed at her with lips pouted, hands on hips, and head tilted to one side, ‘Um, do you have anything to give Tyson?’ she asked quickly, ‘He must be so hungry.’

‘Your puppy? He cleaned out Beanie’s food bowl as soon as he got here!’ Millie laughed ‘He’s a real cutie. Poor old Al had a terrible time trying to bring him over!’

Elise started. That’s what was bothering her.

‘Alan brought Tyson here?’ she asked in confusion, ‘But how did he know where I live?’

‘Al has access to government databases,’ Millie said, rolling her eyes disapprovingly, ‘I guess he just looked you up.’

‘But he told me people were watching my place,’ Elise recollected, ‘So how did he manage to get Tyson?’

‘Yeah, he did mention something about that. Some toughs in a car…’ Millie said, tapping a pizza crust on her chin thoughtfully, ‘Anyway, there’s not so many of them staking out your place anymore, let’s put it that way,’ Millie snorted with amusement, ‘Al can sometimes get a bit… single-minded about things.’

Elise shook her head in amazement. As she considered these developments, Tyson came hurtling through the door and cantered a lap around the room before exiting again with Beanie in hot pursuit.

‘Well, I’m glad Tyson’s safe at least,’ Elise acknowledged eventually, ‘But we’re stuck here now, aren’t we? I’m going to lose my job. My boyfriend will think I left him. My parents will probably think I jumped off a bridge or something.’

Elise looked so downcast that Millie sat down next to her to give her a hug.

‘Aw, don’t go thinking it has to be like that,’ Millie consoled her encouragingly, stroking her hair. ‘Al’s got a bit of weight in the corporate world, I bet he could work something out with your employer. And there’s no reason you can’t call your folks and your boy. I mean, I probably wouldn’t tell them everything if I were you, haha,’ Millie chuckled inappropriately, ‘Maybe just tell them you went on a holiday to find yourself or something? It’s just they might get a bit excited if they heard what’d actually happened.’

In spite of the situation, this won a giggle from Elise. Millie was gratified to see Elise smiling for a change, but then Millie’s own words caught up with her and her expression became more serious.

‘Um, Leasey?’ Millie asked uncharacteristically tentatively, unsure of whether she was doing the right thing, ‘If you don’t mind me asking… What actually did happen? If I’m out of line you can tell me, by the way, you know,’ Millie gabbled, ‘But I’m here for you, right? I promise not to tell or judge.’

Elise wiped her eyes and looked up.

‘No, it’s… It’s okay,’ she responded bravely, ‘Millie, you’ve been amazing. It really means a lot what you’ve done for me. Anyway…’

Elise recounted her experience of the kidnapping, her time in captivity, Alan’s arrival, and then the confrontation with the two men. When Elise got to the bit about the giant with the sledgehammer, Millie went white as a sheet and gasped in horror.

‘Oh my God, Leasey!’ Millie squealed eyes wide as golf balls, ‘Thank goodness you survived. That’s absolutely terrifying.’

‘Well, as you noticed, my pants didn’t survive,’ Elise pointed out sheepishly.

‘Babe, I swear to God if that happened to me I’d have crapped my undies so hard the seams would have split!’ Millie asserted, causing the two girls to fall into a fit of giggles.

‘Well, I think mine just about did!’ Elise laughed. ‘Anyway, that was when this other guy turned up and shot the guy who was attacking me.’

‘This other guy?’ Millie frowned in confusion, ‘Somebody else was there?’

‘Yeah, someone in a mask,’ Elise said, ‘He shot the guy and gave me a knife. I guess he must have knocked out Alan as well.’

Millie twisted her braid around a finger thoughtfully.

‘Hmmm. I guess that must have been Mr White,’ she conjectured speculatively, staring off into space.

‘Mr White?’

‘Oh, that’s not his name,’ Millie clarified, ‘Nobody knows who he is, so they just call him that because of his mask. A plain white mask, right?’ Millie enquired.

Elise nodded confoundedly.

‘Yeah. I heard he was responsible for killing a bunch of mob figures around town,’ Millie continued. ‘The Syndicate’s petrified of him, but I thought he was just an urban legend.’

‘The Syndicate?’ Elise asked with a frown. ‘What’s that?’

‘Alan’s lot. To tell the truth, I don’t know much about them either,’ Millie admitted. ‘From what I’ve worked out, they’re like a criminal gang. I know for a fact that they do a lot of smuggling, money laundering, and land speculation. And they’ve got their fair share of thugs, like the brutes who kidnapped you. But they’re not all bad. Al’s a good guy,’ she added with a smile.

Elise wasn’t sure that she would agree that Alan was a “good guy”, but she decided not to challenge Millie and went for another slice of pizza instead. In any case, Millie seemed to read her mind.

‘I know you probably don’t see him that way,’ Millie continued defensively, ‘But I know Alan, and I can promise you that he never planned to hurt you or anybody innocent for that matter. If anything I think he was probably trying to save somebody. And he might be a bit awkward at times, but he’s got a heart of gold. He helped me get through some tough times… Really tough times.’

To Elise’s surprise, Millie’s cheeriness and animation seemed to have deserted her dainty features with this last revelation. Like Elise, Millie was quite petite, but it almost seemed like she had shrunk into herself even more with this dark trip down memory lane. Elise decided to change the subject.

‘So this Mr White has it in for Alan’s gang?’

Millie shook her head quickly.

‘Nah…’ Millie said, her malaise and thousand-yard stare vanishing as quickly as they had set in, ‘He goes after all sorts. Spooks and bent cops, mostly. Actually I think this might have been the first time he’s attacked a Syndicate member,’ she realised, ‘I guess that makes you special, Leasey!’

Elise frowned.

‘I dunno if I’m that special. He didn’t seem at all interested in me,’ she pointed out.

‘Well, he saved your life, didn’t he? Wowee, Leasey!’ Millie continued excitedly, ‘Mr White was your knight in shining armour! Oh, he should have swept you off your feet and carried you off to his secret hideout!’ Millie teased.

‘Well, that happily-ever-after would have been derailed pretty quick when he found out what I did in my pants,’ Elise snorted.

‘You reckon?’ Millie asked coyly, ‘I’ve met guys who’d be even more, um, enthusiastic about their damsel in distress if she showed that much distress!’

Millie laughed at the expression on Elise’s face.

‘We’re all humans, Leasey. We can’t help the way that we’re programmed. If you like something, you like it,’ Millie syllogised somewhat ineloquently. ‘And some guys definitely would have been turned on by your little accident. Some gals, too,’ Millie added nonchalantly.

Elise stood there dumbfounded. She half hoped that the conversation would move on, but Millie was unrelenting.

‘What about you?’ Millie asked slyly. ‘Did you like it?’

‘Did… Did I like it?’ Elise stammered, caught totally off guard, ‘Are you for real?’

‘No, I don’t mean being tied up and attacked and all that,’ Millie clarified hastily, ‘That was awful. Really awful. You’re my hero for getting through all that. But…’ she added, tinkering with her words with care, ‘I know some people who’ve done it kinda liked the feeling. It’s got a whole fetish around it, you know. On the internet!’

‘It was gross!’ Elise insisted evasively.

‘Yeah, but maybe it felt good on some level?’ said Millie, pushing her luck.

‘No! What kind of person do you think I am?’ Elise lashed out, finally snapping. ‘Some kind of… Some kind of pervert?’

Millie’s face went wooden.

‘Right,’ she said coldly, ‘Right, sorry, bit of a stupid question. I should know better. Forget I asked. I guess I’ll go get some sheets for your room.’

And with that, Millie marched out into the corridor leaving Elise trapped on the spot feeling a little remorseful and very flustered. But she also felt an urgency as if something alluring and powerful was slipping away from her, draining from the room behind Millie as she stalked away.

‘W-wait! Millie, wait!’

Elise hesitated. Had she really just said that? The words had come out of her mouth but they’d taken her by surprise as much as Millie. Millie meanwhile had returned to the door, and was leaning against the door jamb with her head cocked to one side, waiting.

‘I… I… Yeah,’ Elise admitted blushing scarlet. ‘It actually did feel kinda good, but… But that doesn’t mean I want it to happen again!’ Elise rapidly appended, mortified.

Millie stared at her in silence and Elise instantly regretted having spoken. But she was in for a penny now, and she thought she might as well be in for a pound…

‘It… It did feel good. I felt so naughty… I felt vulnerable. But it felt nice. And maybe, you know, maybe it was a bit of a turn on,’ Elise continued defensively, but unwilling to meet Millie’s eyes, ‘God you must think I’m a total freak,’ she finished miserably.

But Millie beamed and came over and embraced her.

‘No, Leasey, I don’t. Actually, you’re a really cool kid!’ Millie enthused glowingly.

She put a finger under Elise’s downcast chin and pushed it up till she met her gaze.

‘You know, it takes guts to own yourself, to own your life,’ Millie pontificated, but with sincerity, ‘And you own yours. So many other people just go and live by other people’s rules.’

Millie frowned. ‘You know what they are, Leasey? They’re cowards. It’s not like anyone’s gonna get a second chance.’ Millie smiled and danced backwards doing a little pirouette. ‘So if it floats your boat, I say go for it!’

‘But I don’t even know if I do want it to happen again!’ Elise wailed. ‘I would be so humiliated if anybody I knew found out. I mean, what if my boyfriend found out?!’

‘Well, humiliation might be a turn on for him too, Leasey,’ Millie pointed out.

‘But what if it was just a one-off?’ Elise speculated, ‘Maybe if it happened again I’d just be disgusted and the turn on, the feeling of naughtiness would have gone away.’

‘Well, it never has for me,’ Millie retorted casually.

That shut Elise up. There was a pregnant pause as the two girls had a kind of stand off; Millie with a relaxed, suggestive smile and Elise standing there mouth agape, unsure if she had heard Millie correctly. Millie decided to break the silence.

‘Well, I think I really had better go get you some linen, Leasey,’ she said, ‘It is getting a bit late.’

Millie stretched and moved back to the door, but she paused over the threshold, placing both hands on the door jamb as if she was holding it up. The way she leaned against the wooden frame was very seductive and Elise felt the butterflies return to her chest.

Elise’s knees gave way and she sat back down on the bed, but she couldn’t take her eyes off Millie. She couldn’t help but notice how Millie’s pyjamas hugged her ass only a little loosely. And while Millie wasn’t quite so generously bestowed in the upstairs department as Elise was, she had been lucky enough to be blessed with the rump of a goddess.

Elise was so mesmerised checking out Millie’s ass through the cotton bottoms and with the panty lines that framed it that it took her a couple of seconds to realise what was happening. And then she saw it. A small bulge pushed out between Millie’s cheeks, and Millie shifted a little where she stood and seemed to brace herself against the wall. Suddenly the bulge rapidly grew as Millie grunted, pushing poop into her undies and PJ pants until the bump in her seat was the size of a grapefruit. She shifted again and made another effort, grunting more as the bulge expanded again. This time a little wetness spread across the cotton fabric between her legs down to her knees and across the bulge in her pants.

The bulge was now the size of a baseball and Millie reached down to rub her front a couple of times before reaching back and cupping the bulge in her hands, feeling the weight in her palm.

And now she finally looked back at Elise with a look of nervous tension and innocence in her face.

‘Leasey, I pooped my panties,’ she whispered timidly and dramatically, her lips pursed and her braid dangling from side to side like a metronome.

You could cut the air with a knife. Elise had never been more aroused. To this point in her life, Elise had not really been attracted to other girls. But Millie was one in a million, drop-dead gorgeous, and what she’d just done… Elise could feel her heart racing a million miles an hour.

Millie had noticed. She straightened up, flounced across the floor to Elise and gave her a peck on the cheek.

‘I guess I’d better go and clean up, then,’ Millie purred huskily, ‘You might have to get your own sheets. Your room’s across the corridor, and the next door along is the linen cupboard. But it’s shower time for me.’

With a wink, Millie waddled over to the ensuite and shut the sliding door behind her.

Elise was rooted to the spot. Her head felt a bit fuzzy and she wondered for a moment if she was dreaming. She looked down and realised her hand had wandered to her womanhood. It had happened subconsciously, and she was very wet.

Not here. Go to your room, for God’s sake, girl!

Elise heard the toilet flush in the ensuite and she wondered to herself how long she had been sat there. It had felt like she’d been there for an hour, but the rational part of her knew it couldn’t have been more than a few minutes. She heard Millie whistling as the shower came on. She dithered there listening to the water splashing as though she was in a trance. And then she was sure amongst all the splashing that she had heard Millie moan.

That jolted Elise into action. She jumped to her feet and nearly ran out the door. The corridor was quite long with several doors leading off it, but there was only one on the other side. She opened it and could see a much smaller room beyond containing only an unmade double bed, a couple of pillows, a doona, and a lamp on a bedside cabinet.

She retreated back into the corridor and tried the next door along as Millie had suggested. The cupboard was packed full of sheets, blankets, and pillows. Elise selected a few that had caught her eye, and brought them back to her room. She set to work making the bed as quickly as possible. She got the pillows done. And then she lifted the corner of the mattress to apply the fitted sheet…

And something dark skittered out from behind the bedstead not twenty centimetres from Elise’s head and ran up the wall towards the ceiling. Elise shrieked loudly and tumbled backwards onto her butt, scrabbling to get away from the critter that stuck on the wall in front of her.

Heart pounding in her chest, Elise stared up at the intruder in horror. It was a spider, but to simply call it a spider would not do it any kind of justice. This monster was far larger and uglier than any arachnid she had ever seen with her own eyes. With gangly legs splayed out to the side of it like a crab, it was easily as big as her hand. And when it had moved, it had moved with demonic speed and a petrifying gait.

‘What is it? What is it? Are you alright, Leasey?’ Millie had come running with just a towel wrapped around her when she heard Elise cry out, but presently she caught sight of the spider and she too screamed and backed away.

‘Out! Get out!’ Millie tugged Elise’s arm without taking her eyes off the spider, which chose that moment to make a dash for the top corner of the room causing the girls to scream again and bolt out of the room.

Standing outside the slammed door huffing and puffing, Millie burst into laughter and Elise soon joined her. Millie tried to compose herself long enough to talk.

‘It must… It must… It must have gotten in the other day with that parcel from Australia,’ she chortled, leaning on her knees. ‘Oh my God, Leasey, what was that thing, though?’

‘I… I think I… I think I peed,’ Elise stuttered in a fit of laughter.

‘Oh my god, did you?’ Millie said, looking at Elise’s pants before doubling over again, ‘You did!’

Elise wiped her eyes and dabbed at the apple-sized wet spot on her crotch.

‘Oh dear,’ Elise said apologetically, ‘I’m sorry for peeing your pants, Millie,’ she joked.

‘Well, I guess you’ve made it one-all tonight, then,’ Millie concluded with a grin. ‘But maybe you should stay in my room tonight, Leasey. Oh my Gawd,’ Millie shook her head in disbelief, ‘What even was that thing? Alan’s dealing with that tomorrow, I’m not going near it. Not in a million years.’

‘Me neither!’ Elise agreed fervently.

‘Oh, well, you may as well come back with me, Leasey,’ Millie offered, and the two of them retreated to Millie’s bedroom ceding the other bedroom to the enterprising huntsman.

‘Well, you’ll definitely need a new pair of bottoms,’ Millie giggled, ‘Here, chuck these on.’

Elise caught the sky blue pair of flannelette pyjamas pants that Millie tossed over to her. She stood there awkwardly for a moment with Millie watching her before Millie remembered her manners.

‘Oh, right, yes,’ Millie gabbled and then turned away fussing through her cupboard allowing Elise to change modestly.

After Elise had re-dressed, she noticed Millie had put a pyjama top on, but had kept the towel around her waist and she seemed a bit reluctant to move away from the cupboard.

‘I’ll just jump in on this side, then?’ Elise asked, wandering over to the far side of Millie’s bed and patting the mattress.

‘Um, yeah,’ Millie assented disjointedly, ‘Um, Leasey. Er, Elise. Um. Don’t judge me for this, but I usually sleep with, uh, protection.’

Elise froze. Possibilities explaining that last word rushed through her mind at light speed and it was almost a relief, if a slightly surreal relief when Millie took a pull-up from out of the cupboard and wormed it up her legs and around her shapely bum, all the while avoiding Elise’s gaze.

Elise wasn’t quite sure what to say.

‘That’s okay,’ she managed uncertainly, ‘I don’t mind, I’m sure lots of people our age need it.’

‘Um, well it’s not that I need it like that, it just helps me sleep,’ Millie explained a little bashfully, ‘I can’t really explain it. I just feel safer, I guess.’

She slid a pair of pyjamas bottoms up over the diaper and finally turned back to Elise.

‘You know if you don’t feel comfortable sharing a bed, I totally get it,’ Millie said scratching the back of her head awkwardly, ‘I know you’ve been through a lot the last few days. I think I’d probably want space too. I can probably kip over on the beanbags…’ Millie trailed off, but Elise instantly interrupted her.

‘Don’t be silly! Jump in already! It’s sleep time!’

Millie smiled gracefully.

‘Aw, thanks Elise,’ she said reverently, ‘You know, you’re twice the woman of any gal I can remember ever having met.’

And with that Millie climbed into bed and turned the lights out. The two girls lay on the opposite sides of the Emperor-sized bed, knees tucked up and facing outwards.

Millie was asleep in mere moments. This was a talent that Elise had never really been able to grasp, save for moments of extreme fatigue like what had come over her when she had gotten out of the shower earlier. So she rolled onto her back and stared towards the ceiling into the darkness and thought about the crazy events of the last few days.

She idly wondered where Tyson had gotten to and if he had found somewhere to bed down for the night. She briefly thought about going to look for him before her fatigue finally caught up with her again and she sank into the cushions and a restful dreamless sleep.

*011*2019-01-29 07:43

Hi all, it has been a very busy year or so moving around the country and settling into a new job. I feel a bit bad not only for going on hiatus for so long again, but for coming back with another interlude chapter (although these intermissions are essential to the main plot). Anyway, I felt guilty enough that I chucked in a little desperation at the end that otherwise wouldn't have been there.

Enjoy, I should have something more interesting for you over the next few days

- des

Interlude II

A tide of reporters clad in oily greatcoats flowed up the steps of Government House and clamoured to pack through the oaken doors into the heritage-listed building’s ballroom where the inquiry into the Saint Thomas Port Disaster was reaching its closing stages.

During the break in proceedings, Aiden Bosanko, the Director-to-be of the newly consolidated State Intelligence Services sat in the bergère where so many other officials had come before to be castigated for various embarrassing public scandals for which the government had needed a scapegoat.

But Aiden didn’t have to worry about that, in fact, he was enjoying himself. The Minister with overarching responsibility was well-known for being a risk-averse fop who felt that the only place for controversy was to be swept under the carpet. As a result, the enquiry panel ended up being stacked mainly with younger members of parliament and civil service executives less than a decade into their careers, and their clumsy questions had so far proven very easy to swat away.

Nearly all of them, anyway. Aiden glanced over to his left at the young lady with the azure blouse and the grey pinstriped jacket with matching pencil skirt. Katie Walker, a Defence Undersecretary. She was the most junior of the panel of executives - probably no more than 27 years old - and so far she had not been given enough leash to pursue her own lines of enquiry.

This came as a bit of a relief to Aiden as her follow-up questions to some of her colleagues’ obtuse attempts at interrogation were sharp and had only narrowly avoided touching on subjects that would have forced him or one of his colleagues to outright lie to the committee.

He watched as she passed a note to one of the aides hovering behind her desk who glanced at it before ferrying it out of the room. She then retrieved a briefcase from underneath the oak desk that she occupied, opened it up on the desk, and proceeded to fossick through the papers that lay within.

The young blonde’s eyes dashed from left to right across a document she’d picked out. Aiden recognised the orange binder clip that enclosed it and inwardly groaned to himself. The Saint Thomas Chemical-Industrial Safety Inspection Schedule - one of the things he’d been hoping to avoid.

He watched on in annoyance as she predictably zeroed in on the timetable that demonstrated that Aiden had personally conducted a full inspection of the refinery’s containment facilities a month before the incident. It wouldn’t be impossible to explain away, but it could lead to some very awkward jurisdictional questions about the scope of the Counter-Intelligence Unit’s operations later on.

The woman circled something on the paper and looked up in time to catch Aiden’s impassive stare. She held his gaze for a moment before the ghost of a smile crossed her lips and she placed the document neatly on the desk in front of her. Aiden sighed. The schedule had not allocated her any time to question him directly, but she could raise it as a follow-up question depending upon how he answered her gormless colleagues’ questions. He'd have to be careful.

In spite of the woman’s irritating perspicacity, the enquiry was edging closer to a favourable finding for Aiden and the CIU. The committee had been unable to find fault in his responses the first time he had been called to give evidence, and had tentatively concluded in its technical submission that the fire had most likely been caused by a faulty gasket in one of the two dockyard tanks containing Compound CA01.

The nature of the chemical that had roared the conflagration into life was top secret, even to the more senior members of the enquiry who knew nothing of it save that it existed and that it was extremely volatile. Publicly, the government had indicated that the fire had been fed by aircraft fuel, but everybody at the enquiry knew or at least suspected that to be a lie.

Nevertheless, the board’s conclusion - albeit, not their reasoning - had been leaked to the press almost immediately. With Aiden so publicly exonerated of blame for the disastrous catastrophe, media coverage of his involvement had pivoted to focus on his genuinely heroic efforts to contain the conflagration to the industrial port. His five minutes of infamy had quickly turned into fifteen minutes of fame, and with public opinion turning so decisively in support of him, the committee had been feeling some pressure to come to a favourable conclusion.

It was therefore a relief if not much of a surprise to Aiden that when the committee reconvened, the chairman – a middle-aged MP whose promotion prospects, Aiden suspected, depended on uncovering as little controversy as possible - took full control of the proceedings and drove the enquiry through a series of tame questions that made it plain that they were at the end of the road.

Aiden was mentally winding down just as the chairman began to shuffle through his notes indicating that he had reached the end of his prepared material.

‘Well, Mr Bosanko, I’d like to thank you for coming out again to help us understand events. I suppose it’s not for me to say, but I’d like to personally express my view that you and your department appear to have conducted yourselves with exceptional-…’

A pointed cough interrupted the chairman, and he glowered at the aide who had interrupted him.

‘Yes, what now?’ he snapped irritably.

The aide whispered in his ear and indicated a memo that had been left on the desk before him.

‘Oh. I… I see,’ the Chairman enunciated slowly, his lips moving as he read the scrap of paper to himself. ‘Do we have time? I… I suppose… Mr Bosanko, it would seem… Um, the… The panel would like to hear more about the reasons for your planning the operation involved in the, uh, incident.’

Aiden frowned. This seemed like an astoundingly stupid question, even considering some of the doozies the panel had previously come up with.

‘Forgive me, sir,’ Aiden ventured bemusedly, ‘But I believe my colleagues and I have already conveyed the seriousness of the national security implications that underlie the issue and which necessitated our intervention. I’m not sure I can explain them in any more detail than I already have; certainly none of the classified material.’

‘No, of course,’ the chairman continued inanely, ‘I think you may have misunderstood the question. We understand that the need for your department’s professional intervention was beyond dispute, what we want to know is why it fell to you personally to plan the, er, exercise, as it were.’

Aiden blinked. It was not a question he had expected to be asked, but it was, in any case, easy enough to answer.

‘Well, sir, as you know I can’t go into the specifics of the situation in question,’ Aiden stated placidly, ‘But the nature of the operation fell right within my professional area of expertise and we made a judgment that the significance of the material concerned necessitated the direct control of CIU Command. You may be aware, sir, there is a statutory requirement for… executive oversight in contingencies of this nature.’

Aiden’s last sentence elicited some gasps from some of the more well-informed journalists in the public gallery. Clearly, this was no minor sting that had spun out of control. The CIU’s charter had such a requirement only for circumstances where there existed a reasonable and well-founded suspicion of treasonous activity on the part of an ‘individual of influence’; someone with the knowledge, position, or influence to critically threaten the strategic security of the nation.

It was clear in the expression of the hapless chairman that he was not aware of the statute that Aiden had been referring to, but he seemed to accept his answer anyway.

‘I see, I see,’ he blithered, not seeing, ‘Um, well, I think… I think… Uh, Ms Walker,’ he stammered eventually, turning at last to the junior panellist who had prompted the question he couldn’t begin to understand why he was asking, ‘I think this was your note of enquiry, perhaps you’d like to, to, to put it to Mr Bosanko in your own words?’

‘Thank you, Mr Chairman, I will,’ beamed the pinstriped panellist whose presence Aiden had come to resent.

‘Mr Bosanko, in circumstances such as these it is the collective responsibility of CIU Command to exert oversight on operations, isn’t it?’ she enquired pointedly.

‘Yes,’ Aiden responded, watching her expression closely.

‘Good. And the collective responsibility that I understand to be expected involves collaboration between yourself, the Director, and the Minister responsible, have I understood that correctly?’ Miss Walker suggested assertively.

‘No, that’s not correct,’ Aiden clarified quickly, ‘The Minister is rarely informed of CIU actions in advance. These are matters of the most sensitive security, any contact outside of the agency is a potential threat to the integrity of operations.’

‘What, even the Minister of Defence?’ Miss Walker asked, visibly surprised.

‘That is not my opinion, Ma’am, it is simply an accepted practice of most – in fact, all of the intelligence services under certain given circumstances,’ Aiden explained, ‘There are occasions where it is preferable that the political establishment does not get entwined with some of the inner workings of intelligence operations, particularly when there are diplomatic or foreign policy concerns at stake.’

‘And were there?’ Miss Walker asked with a slight pout, looking a little crestfallen to see her first salvo blocked so easily.

‘Yes.’

‘I see.’ But Miss Walker rallied, ‘Nevertheless, organisational load for the operation was shared between yourself and Director Tilley, presumably? Yet I see we only have documents before us bearing your signature.’

Aiden winced. This was exactly the sort of question he didn’t want to have to be dealing with.

‘That’s because I dealt with the bulk of the paperwork myself, Ma’am,’ Aiden disclosed guardedly. ‘Arthur – apologies – Director Tilley focused on the field preparation for the most part.’

‘Is that so? And what would you classify as field preparation, Mr Bosanko?’ Miss Walker asked with a steely expression.

Aiden shrugged.

‘Agent briefings, mission rehearsals, site surveillance, there’s really no shortage of…’

‘Site surveillance?’ Miss Walker interjected, ‘Presumably this would involve ensuring that the area was safe and that hazards had been accounted for?’

Aiden knew where this was going, but he could afford at least a little honesty. He’d just have to play a straight bat.

‘Of course,’ he said tersely, ‘We don’t take stupid risks.’

‘And yet in spite of your diligence, disaster ensued, Deputy Director,’ Miss Walker observed acerbically, her elbows on the desk and the backs of her intermeshed and well-manicured fingers cradling her chin.

‘Ms Walker,’ interjected the Chairman warningly, ‘I hope I don’t need to remind you that the evidence presented to this hearing has shown that neither Director Tilley, nor Deputy Director Bosanko, nor any of the CIU should be held responsible for the incident. It likely would have taken place with or without their presence there.’

‘Why, of course not, Mr Chairman,’ Miss Walker assuaged soothingly, ‘As a matter of fact, I was going to commend Mr Bosanko for his foresight.’

Aiden frowned.

‘Foresight, ma’am?’

‘Well, I have here the refinery’s Safety Inspection Schedule,’ Miss Walker said, finally waving the damned orange binder in the air. ‘It’s got your signature on it, Mr Bosanko. Dated a full month before the incident took place.’

‘Yes. What of it?’ asked Aiden impassively.

‘You were going a bit above and beyond, weren’t you, Mr Bosanko, to be laying the groundwork a full month ahead of time,’ she remarked slyly. ‘And doing a share of Director Tilley’s portion of the job, too, as you described it? How loyal of you.’

‘Actually, that inspection predated the conception of the operation by fifteen days,’ Aiden drawled casually, though internally cursing, ‘Had it not been for the fire it would be quite unrelated.’

Miss Walker shook her head in disbelief.

‘Unrelated?’ she laughed with incredulity, ‘You’re saying it was a co-incidence that you just happened to inspect the relevant emergency infrastructure just weeks before they got blown apart during the same counter-intelligence sting that you were jointly charged with planning?’

‘Well, not entirely a coincidence,’ Aiden admitted, ‘That inspection had afforded me the opportunity to become familiar with the dockyard’s emergency procedures as well, since they are integrated along with the refinery’s procedures into the Port Authority’s emergency infrastructure. We agreed at the outset that my knowledge in this regard put me in the best position to do the bulk of the tactical planning.’

‘Quite fortunate, in retrospect,’ asserted the Chairman, butting in. ‘I understand that you co-ordinated the emergency response at the critical moments afterwards and likely saved hundreds of nearby homes from destruction.’

Aiden didn’t smile, but simply nodded in acknowledgement.

‘As I have said before, all credit for the incident’s containment belongs to the city’s emergency response crews,’ Aiden demurred modestly, ‘I was simply glad to be in a position to be able to direct them to the problem spots.’

‘Indeed,’ beamed the Chairman approvingly, before frowning. ‘I must confess to being a little curious, however, Mr Bosanko. If the inspection Ms Walker has brought to our attention was unrelated, why did you undertake it? It doesn’t obviously seem within the remit of the CIU. Surely it would be a matter for the Department of Industry?’

If it was impassive before, Aiden’s expression was completely inscrutable now.

‘I do apologise, Mr Chairman,’ he said woodenly, ‘But the particulars of that inspection are classified and beyond the scope of this inquiry.’

Seeing that the panel and in particular Miss Walker seemed unhappy about this, Aiden quickly added, ‘I was asked to inspect the refinery infrastructure for reasons not pertinent to the events you brought me here to discuss today. You can follow up with the Chemical Safety Manager of the facility if you like. Though I am afraid that he will also be able to tell you no more than to confirm that I was there at his invitation.’

‘I see, perfectly understandable,’ the Chairman agreed magnanimously. ‘Well, I think that we’ve exhausted this line of enquiry, don’t you, Ms Walker?’ he added hopefully.

‘Well…’ said Miss Walker uncertainly, it seemed as though something else was bothering her. ‘No, one moment, please, Mr Chairman,’ Miss Walker eventually pressed on, to the Chairman’s obvious irritation, ‘Mr Bosanko. You said before that you mostly dealt with the operation’s paperwork, but now you’ve told us you also did “the bulk of the tactical planning”. Would I be out of place to suggest that you, and not Director Tilley, conducted nearly all if not all of the operational planning yourself?’

Aiden grinned humourlessly at her.

‘Ah, I couldn’t possibly answer that, ma’am,’ he replied impishly, ‘The specifics of operational planning are classified as well they should be. In any case, the statute merely calls for CIU Command to manage the operation in co-ordination with one another. It does not specify how the organisational load should be assigned.’

‘I… will take that as a “yes”, then?’

‘Ms Walker, I’m afraid I don’t see how this is relevant,’ snapped the Chairman, who’d finally had enough, ‘I have to stop you there, I think we’re done today. Thank you again for your assistance, Mr Bosanko. We will let you get back to your work.’

And just like that, Aiden’s participation in the enquiry was over. He took his time packing up his materials before leaving, furtively watching the enemy pack up her own files. Miss Walker stood from her chair and gathered her briefcase before heading for the exit. She paused halfway across the floor, crossing her legs for the briefest of moments while pretending to check an organiser she produced from her purse. After a moment she straightened up and once again caught Aiden’s gaze. She smiled wanly before her heels clicked across the marble floor and out into the lobby.

Interesting.

Aiden had to admit to himself that he admired her resolve. He’d been on lengthy stake-outs with female agents before and knew exactly what that look meant.

Considering how desperate she must have been through the enquiry’s last few minutes she’d done an exceptional job not only of hiding that fact completely, but also of keeping up the pressure on Aiden and asking the questions he’d hoped he could avoid.

He stretched, gathered his materials and exited the ballroom himself. As it turned out, the building’s mens’ room was indecently adjacent to the womens’ room in the lobby, and as Aiden entered to take care of his own needs, he could clearly hear a powerful stream and a relieved sigh coming from next door.

He smiled perversely to himself as he imagined a more entertaining version of today’s events in which he drew out his answers just a little longer. But the vindictive thought passed. Annoying though her questions had been, he knew she was just doing her job. More competently than he would have preferred, yes, but he was hopeful that today had seen an end to it.

As Aiden turned off the faucet from washing his hands he fancied he could still hear through the wall a tinkling on porcelain, though certainly less loud than before.

The woman must have the bladder of a horse, he thought to himself admiringly as he left the building and the valet brought around his car.

What a shame she had to working for those idiots at Defence instead of for me.

*013*2019-01-30 19:51

So i know i promised more interesting things to come, and they have

Millie has had one of her background stories published elsewhere on the site!

Insert shameless plug here:

$/48563-millie-madaffari-the-mvp-tremethyk

You do not have to read it to get a good grasp of the Tremethyk storyline (which has a lot more to come), but for me it was a nice little side quest that gave some needed depth to someone whom is probably my favourite character so far

More is coming, though unfortunately no timeframe at this stage. but the next thing in the pipeline is definitely a Tremethyk chapter.

Bye for now
