Clean up on Aisle Two

Author: Dimwitrolo

*000*2018-05-13 03:45

'That'll be thirteen-fifty, would you like a carrier bag?'

"Thirteen?" The man in front of me asks, picking up his cigarettes. "They're usually cheaper."

"Umm, yeah. They rose the price a short while ago."

The man shrugs and hands me a five and a ten. I punch it into the machine and hand over the change to the man.

"Thanks, have a nice day" I say to him as he walks off. Or more accurately, now that he's already a few feet away.

I lean back in my chair, and look across to Katie. She stares at me from her till, eyes agape like she's seen a ghost. She looks down into the shop to see if there's anyone in, and when she notices there isn't she hops out her chair and comes over to me.

"No way." She says as she walks over. "No bloody way, Charlotte."

"What?" I ask her.

"He spoke to you." She points out, leaning on my till. I had noticed him doing that, I'll be honest...

"Yeah. He did..." I say, trying to figure out if she had a point here.

"I have never heard him speak in my entire life." She tells me. "And I've worked her for about a year!"

"Umm..."

"Katieee!" Comes a third voice, as another girl charges through the front doors of the shop. Katie turns around with a grin.

"Apriiil!" She returns to her.

Katie is my co-worker here - she helped get me this job, so I have to be thankful - even if the work is a bit menial. April is one of her friends. She must be quite a close friend, she comes in every day to pick her up.

"April - get this!" Says Katie, excitedly. "You know the guy who comes in everyday and gets cigarettes?"

"Not personally" Says April. "But lord knows I've heard you talk about him enough!" She says. Katie grins.

"Well, he spoke to Charlotte!" Katie says, as if it were amazing.

April looks at her from a slight angle, raising her hands as if expecting Katie to add something to this.

"He - SPOKE - to her." Katie reiterates."

"And?"

Katie drops her hands and leans backwards slightly, admitting defeat in making her point.

"I have never seen him speak in my entire life. Even that one time I walked into him on the street." Katie explains.

"You mean last week." April asks.

"Y-yeah." Katie confirms.

"After you'd got very drunk?"

"Y-y...Maybe." April looks at her with an eyebrow raised. "Yeah..."

"When you then started shouting at me for pushing you, even though I was a good distance away."

"T-that's the time..." Katie says, blushing a little. April looks to me and smirks. I smirk back.

"Ahem."

A new voice enters our discussion. I turn to the left to notice a customer stood at my till with his shopping. A middle aged man with an impressive beard but completely bald on top. I blush hard and start scanning his stuff as quickly as I can, trying to ignore April's snickering. I try to avoid eye contact with the man as I swipe his stuff across, instead staring intently at each of his items.

Sausages, bacon, tea, bread, Chocolate-Frosted Sugar-bombs, eggs, milk...nothing too interesting, but it saves me the embarrassment of looking this man in the eyes after I'd ignored him like I had.

"The cereal comes with a free bowl if you'd like -"

"No." He grunts, cutting me off.

"T-that's fourteen-eighty s-sir." I say, staring at the till. Out the corner of my eye I can see him gesture to my chest.

"You're new, right?" He asks. He must have noticed my 'I'm new!' badge on my shirt. It's a massive bright red badge, stuck into my white polo shirt.

"Y-yeah." I admit. I guess the badge didn't give it away.

"You won't last long if you spend all your time talking to your friends like that." He tells me. I feel myself blush harder.

"S-sorry..." I mumble. I can hear him sigh. "W-would you like a bag?"

"yeah, please." He says. I hand it to him and wait until he's finished packing until I look up. He gives me a look of general disappointment before leaving.

"Looks like you flubbed that one up." Katie tells me, leaning on my chair behind me. As if I hadn't noticed.

"Yeah, Char!" April says. "How dare you talk to us ever!" She says with a smirk.

"Do it again and you're fired!" Says Katie.

"Not quite, but don't make a habit of it." Comes another voice. I jerk my head to look at the part of the till where customers line up (Is there a name for that?). There's no-one there.

"Over here." Comes the voice again. I look to my right. It's Margret.

Margret's our manager. She's a bit older than Katie, April and I - she must be in her mid-thirties. She's got blonde hair tied into a pony tail, and she's fairly athletic looking. If only she acted as pretty as she looks - she's got the personality of a broody hippo.

"S-sorry Margret!" I say, sitting up and trying to look my best.

"Keep an eye on this one, Maggie!" Says April, pointing to me. I can almost hear 'Maggie' getting angry. "This one's trouble!" April carries on.

Margret goes to say something to April, but stops herself. April doesn't work here, so Margret can't really do anything. She does cast Katie a look though. I can hear Kate stifle a laugh.

Margret turns to me again.

"Katie finishes in five minutes - are you ready for your first shift without her?" She asks me.

No. No I am not.

"Y-yes." I say to Margret, trying to look professional. "I'll be fine." Margret closes her eyes and breathes in, nods, and walks away, back to her office at the back of the store.

"Don't worry about it, Char." Katie tells me. "You'll do fine." she says, and with that walks back to her till. April hangs around with her.

Today's my first full day here at Lowcost - I'd worked half a shift last Friday as a trial, but today's my first full shift. It's pretty late as shifts go, finishing at nine. At least I get to miss the closing period between ten and eleven - Katie tells me that it's all cleaning and restocking - getting ready for tomorrows morning shift.

So far it's not been too bad. None of the customers seem too rude, the chair's not too bad, the uniform is...well, it's a uniform. It doesn't matter what I think of it, it's part of the job.

Cream/brown slacks, and a white polo. That's the uniform. Could certainly be worse, I guess. Shoes are pretty lenient - no trainers, no high-heels, no sandals - so today I'm wearing a pair of white converse shoes. Well, I was wearing them. I've taken them off under the desk - don't tell Margret! Plain white socks aren't part of the uniform, but it's closer than being barefoot, right?

Not that it matters really, no-one can see me from the waist down really. Everything below my shirt is covered by the till itself, so unless someone leans over they won't be able to see. And even then, it'd be hard to see that I didn't have shoes on considering that they're under the chair, and also the fact I might ask them to stop leaning over and looking at my legs. Am I spending too much time on this?

Y-yes I am, there's a customer again!

It's an elderly woman. On the till and slowly coming toward me are some potatoes, onions, minced beef, and bread. I sit awkwardly and wait for the till's belt to haul it over to reaching distance. I pick up the potatoes and go to scan them.

"You-re new, right?" The woman asks. I guess this big red badge is kinda hard to notice among the whiteness that is my shirt.

"Yup." I say to the woman, running her items over the scanner. "First full day today." I tell her.

"You're already doing a better job than some of the other girls here." She says to me in a very matter-of-fact manner.

"Hullo Mrs Jenkins!" I hear Katie say from across her till. April nearly falls off the till as she tries not to laugh. The woman - Mrs Jenkins - turn around, then turns back to me. I look at her blankly, hoping that she'll go away now that I've scanned her stuff.

She stands there and waits a moment. I can see April behind me trying to get back to her feet behind Katie's till.

"How much is it?" The woman asks me.

"Oh! It's eight-fifteen!" I blurt out, looking at Mrs Jenkins and not April anymore. She doesn't seem quite as amused as April is.

"Hmph." She grunts, handing me a tenner. I take it from her and fumble out the correct change, dropping a coin on the counter as I hand it over to her. I scramble to pick it up again.

"Maybe you aren't doing a better job..." The woman growls. I'm taken aback by this. Surely I can't be doing that badly?

"She'll learn, Mrs Jenkins!" Katie says. "One day she'll be as good as me!". April can't hold back her laughter any more and ends up on the floor again, giggling loudly. Mrs Jenkins doesn't even turn to look.

"...I really hope not." She says, picking up her items and putting them in her own bag. She glares at Katie and April - who almost bursts with laughter - and walks out the shop.

I look over to Katie, feeling a mixture of emotions. Mostly confused.

"Don't worry about her, Char." Kate says to me, reading the expression on my face. "She's a regular here, she hates me so much - but she's harmless."

"Just don't break any rules." April reminds me helpfully. "It's funnier that way!"

As April says this a little buzzer goes off on Katie's till. Katie throws both her hands in the air and twirls around in her chair.

"Finished!" She shouts, standing up and pushing her chair out behind her. "Let's get going!"

"Hold on a mo'" says April. "I need to use the loo".

"No you don't" Katie informs her, turning her around by the shoulders. "Let's get going - I just need my jacket."

The two walk off toward the staff-room, then come back out a few seconds later, with Katie now wearing her blue jacket. It clashes a bit with her pale brown skirt and white polo shirt - but that's the uniform. April looks a lot more comfy in her jeans and grey tee-shirt.

The two wave at me as they walk out, and I wave back.

So.

Now it's just me.

Me and this bottle of water. I take a swig and put the bottle down. I check the clock. Only two hours left until nine, then I can leave. I watch Katie and April walk down the road outside, and I can't help but feel a bit envious. I can't watch for too long though - there's another customer.

A man walks over and rolls three large bottles of soda toward me - one normal, one diet, and one New! Orange! variety.

"Oh, hello Charlotte." He says. "I didn't know you worked here."

"Yup!" I tell the man. "Started here yesterday!".

The man is a friend of my dads. Our two families have know each other since we were young - he's got a daughter about a year younger than me. She looks older than me now, though.

I scan the soda's through and put them in a bag.

"That's six-pound-thirty please, Mr. Grahamn." I tell him. He smiles as he hands me the money.

"Tell yours I said hello, won't you?" He asks me. I nod. He smiles again, then heads out the shop.

Well. This is how my evening's going to be going for the next two hours. Sitting here.

Bored.

At least I have my water. I drink from the bottle again.

I'm already at that level of boredom that I'm drinking just to keep myself amused.

I look at myself in the reflective metal on the till. My hairs come a little out of place, so I push it back.

The reflection's not too clear, but I can clearly make myself out in it. I've got dark hair, tied back into a pony tail that rests on my right shoulder, and the front is swept over to the right. My glasses sit comfortably on my face, casting a slight shadow over my cheeks, hiding the freckles a little. I'm fairly short for my age, thin too - so much so that I've had professors at my university question me about my age - I'm nineteen by-the-way. Margret certainly looked over my ID when I applied to work here - thankfully Katie assured her it was correct.

Katie got me the job here, like I said earlier. We both are in the same history class - we got to know each other because I started shopping here after they closed the shop I used to go to. We had met before in class, but that was when I....actually, I'm not going to mention that bit.

I push myself back in my chair, pushing it into the back of the till. I breathe out through my mouth and look down at my feet. Plain white socks still. The floors a bit dirty. My shoes are kicked over to the sides. I go to drink from my bottle again, but manage to knock the lid onto the floor. It rolls slowly to the furthest point and until it falls flat onto one side with a little tapping noise.

Balls.

I look up and around the shop.

Pretty empty.

I slide myself off the chair and clamber under the till. It's really quite cramped, but I can fit in. I grab the bottle-cap.

"Hello?" Comes a voice from above.

"Ouch!" Comes my voice as I bang my head against the till. The first voice surprised me!

"What're you doing down there?" Asks Margret.

"I dropped my lid." I tell her, holding it up as if she needed proof. I then proceed to drop it again. She looks at me like she made a mistake hiring me.

"Leave it." She tells me before I can go after it. "Stay sat up and serve customers - they can't see you if you're down there."

"But there aren't any-"

"Charlotte, stay sat up and serve customers." She tells me, this time quite strictly. She glares at me and I nod. "Good. I'll be in the office if you need me." She turns away to walk off.

"Oh, Margret?" I begin, leaning forward.

"What." She says. She doesn't ask it - she really doesn't want to be asked questions right now.

"Umm, nevermind..." I say, looking down. She sighs.

I was going to ask where the toilets were. Still, I'm only here for another two hours. I can hold it.

A customer walks over. She slaps down a loaf of bread and a six-pack of root beers. The belt hauls them over. As I scan them she steps forward and slaps her card against the reader. I look up at her as I grab ahold of her things. She's looking quite angrily at the reader. I scan the bread over with a beep.

"Why isn't it working?" She asks me. I look at her again. "Well?"

"It's not on yet..." I tell her.

"Why not?"

"I haven't charged you?" I suggest.

She looks at my badge and sighs. "Well charge me then."

"I need to scan the things through first..." I inform her. She looks at the root beers still in my hand and sighs again. I scan it over.

"Well?"

"Wh-what?"

"Why can't I pay yet?"

"I only just scanned it through..." I say, padding toward the 'card' option on the till machine. The reader blinks alive at bleeps as it registers her card. As she pulls the bread off the till she rolls her eyes and sighs again. She basically snatches the root beers out my hand and storms off with a tut.

"Have a nice...day." I say, pausing as the doors close behind her.

Huh.

I don't have time to think about the woman, as another customer wanders over. He dumps down a six-pack of Future brand sodas and starts playing with his phone. He's got both his earphones in and isn't paying me any attention. I run the tins over the scanner, hearing the soda's swill around inside.

"That's two-fifty please sir."

"No thanks." He says, not looking away from his phone. That's very much not the correct answer.

"Sir?"

"No, I don't need a bag." He says a little aggressively. He's going to get a bag, right up his-

"Y-you need to pay..." I tell him. He pulls out his earphones.

"I. Don't. Want. A bag." He says, slowly, as if I'm a moron. I frown at him and consider adding an extra item to the till.

"That's. Two. Fifty." I say back to him, mocking him. He frowns at me. He jams his hand into his pocket and pulls out some coins and throws them onto the till. There's only about one-eighty-seven there.

"That's not enough." I tell him.

"That's all I've got." He says angrily, as if it's my fault. I look at him. He looks back at me. I keep looking at him. "Is there anything you can do?"

Well, the six-packs of lemonade are on sale, and the individual cans of soda are eighty pence. And we offer a five-pound voucher for filling out a quick survey. Or there's the store brand sodas which are much cheaper.

"There's literally nothing I can do, sir." I tell him. He frowns again, picks up his money, and leaves, leaving me with a six pack of sodas. I take a drink from my water bottle again, finishing it, and throw the bottle into the little plastic bin I've got in the till-space. I go to pick up the six pack.

...I really like Future sodas though.

Yeah, I'm gonna keep these. I'll pay for them when my shift's finished. I get a thirty percent discount on everything for working here, so there's no reason not to.

I'll have one now though - to help me put up with some of these customers.

The next few customers aren't so bad - some of them even talk to me like I'm a human being! Time passes slowly behind the till, with the only events really being the customers and drinking from my newly acquired tin of soda. Which might be a bad idea.

By eight o'clock I'm really feeling the need to use the loo. I should have asked Margret if I could have went when she was here an hour ago.

I keep my legs together as I anticipate the next hour being a bit of a struggle. I finish the soda as well, because...I don't know why I finished the soda, I should have left it, now I really need to go.

Of course I can't get up and go without Margret covering my till for me. I look over to her office. She's sat in the office on her computer, doing some sort of filing.

No...wait...yeah, that's definitely Reddit. She's not doing work, she's on Reddit. I stand up and lean over on my till to try and get her attention. This doesn't work, so I try waving. This also doesn't work, but it does confuse the customer who's just walked over. The customer looks at me in the way you'd look at a child you've just caught doing something wrong.

"Err, H-hello." I say, sitting back down. Sitting down really puts pressure on my bladder for a second, and I almost wince. The customer doesn't seem to notice though - or at least they don't seem to care - as they toss over three packs of luncheon meat. Turkey ham, normal ham, and chicken ham. The hamly trinity.

No I'm not sorry.

I take the three items and scan them over, trying not to think of my bladder, or of how I looked to this customer while I was leaning over the counter and waving like a lunatic.

"That's three pounds please sir" I say to him, trying to avoid his gaze. He doesn't seem to care though as he taps his card against the reader.

Sitting and waiting here for the next customer gives me plenty of time to consider how much I need the toilet. No distractions, nothing going on. Just my full bladder and me.

I look over to Margret again. Still on the internet, doing things she shouldn't be.

Other websites she goes on include Youtube, Facebook, and some website I don't recognise with a pale blue banner at the top. What ever it is, it's not work. And it's not letting me ask her to cover me so I can go pee!

Hmph.

I sit back again in the chair and swivel myself side to side, bashing my feet against the sides of the till as I do. Pretty sure the shop's empty now.

I stand up where I am and look around the store. Empty. Good.

Surely no-one would mind if I snuck off to use the bathroom...

I mean, a customer might come in, but they'd have to be pretty quick to get something and demand that it be payed for in the time it took me to pee. Although I guess it could happen. It's too much of a risk, especially on my first day - I'm going to have to hold it.

I sigh and let one hand drop between my legs to hold myself and make it a bit easier. Then I look up, see the camera pointing at me, and move my hand again. I'm not doing anything inappropriate, but I've heard stories that people have done.

I'll be fine. I can hold it. I mean, it's not too bad.

Why did I drink that whole tin of soda?.

Don't think about it, you're fine...

You'll be fine, Charlotte.

How much time left 'till I can leave? Ugh, still fourty five minutes. I can make that! Maybe. Probably. I press my legs together and buckle in for a long fourty five minutes.

I look down at my feet again. I'm pressing them together in an effort to help me hold it all in. I look up again as I hear the sound of the doors opening.

"Heya Charlie!" comes a familiar voice - it's Katie again. April too. Still in the same clothes as before, Katie in her uniform, and April in her khaki shorts. Was she wearing those earlier?

"Hey, you two" I say back to them, trying to hide my need. "Back again?" I ask, as if I can't see the answer.

"Yup!" Shouts April walking straight down the aisle. "Katie forgot her wallet, and I'm gonna pick up a few drinks while I'm here. Don't forget, I get friend's discount!"

"No she does not" Katie tells me, walking toward the staff room in the opposite direction to April.

The two go quiet for a moment as they do their own things. Katie's the first to come back - she leans over on my till.

"How's the shift going?" She asks.

"Oh you know, loads of fun." I tell her.

April saunters over with a couple six-packs - one is Future Cola, the other is some store brand beers.

"Don't forget - mates rates" April reminds me. Katie leans in and repeatedly hits the 'Five pound' button, shooting the cost up to about fifty pounds. I chuckle.

"That look about right there, April?" Katies asks, pointing to the electric reader. April almost jumps.

"Wow, these really have gone up!" April jokes. I lean over and undo all the fives - the total cost comes to about six-fifty.

"I know you can't drink these beers on the job, Char" begins April, pulling a tin of soda out the pack. Like I'd want to drink right now, I feel like another drink might just push me over the edge. "But you can drink sodas, right?" She says, handing me one. I really want to say no, but that would be rude.

"C-cheers" I say, taking the tin and opening it.

"Hold on..." says April, pulling two beers out the other pack. She hands one to Kate, and keeps the other herself. They open theirs with a hiss.

"Cheers!" She says, raising her tin. Kate knocks her tin into it, and I follow suit, knocking my tin into them. Cheers's done, we all drink.

This is of course a terrible move that I regret instantly. I try my best not to shudder as I swallow - I can feel my bladder telling me I've made a bad move.

"So, how long do you have left?" Katie asks me, sipping from her can.

"Not too long now." I tell her. "Only fourty minutes or so"

FOURTY MINUTES.

I HAVE TO HOLD IT ANOTHER FOURTY MINUTES.

"That's not too bad then, is it?" April says, sitting on the till. She slumps her back-pack down on the till by her side. "Could certainly be worse."

Well, she's right there. It could be worse. She could have given me two cans...

I look at April for a moment. I'm sure she wasn't wearing those shorts earlier.

"So what are you two up to?" I ask them. April looks upwards and chuckles a bit. Katie smirks.

"Oh not much - the usual really." Katie says. "Went for a walk about the town - really nice weather today" She tells me.

"It did get a bit damp though." April says, nodding to Katie. Katie giggles again.

I feel like I might be getting a bit damp soon...

The two sit with me for about ten agonising minutes, in which the three of us finish our drinks. By now I can feel that I'm sweating, and if it weren't for these two, I'd be just short of writhing in my seat.

The pressure inside me has completely built up like nothing else these past ten minutes, having drunk the whole tin of soda.

'Why?' My bladder seems to ask. 'Why didn't you just say no?'

Too late now, of course. I'm just going to have to put up with i-

"You okay there Char?" Katie asks me. "You're looking a bit bothered?"

"Wh-what?"

"You are sweating a bit" April says. "Do you want us to turn on the aircon or anything?"

"N-no! I'll be fine, it's just half an hour more now!" I tell them.

"We could get Margret to turn down the heat - she used to do this all the time when I was here" Katie says.

"You still work here, Kate" April reminds her.

"I mean when I worked late shifts." Katie reminds her. "Then there was that one time..."

"Ha!" Laughs April. "I remember - Didn't she have to call you a cab?"

"Yeah, that's the one!" Katie giggles back. "She didn't really want me around that late again after that."

Another customer walks into the shop. The three of us look up from the till at him. He looks over to see us staring. He almost falls over backwards. Katie giggles.

"Get used to this guy" Kate tells me, turning to face me. "Goes to our uni - you must have seen him, right?"

"I think I recognise him" I say, trying to look normal.

"Total stoner" Katie tells me. "A tenner says he's getting like three bags of nachos."

I look over to him. He's looking at the cereals, with his chin in his hand like he's considering something seriously.

"Anyway" Says April, knocking Kate on the arm. "We better get going"

"Already?" Katie says, grinning. "So soon?"

April just smiles, hops off the till, and drags Kate out by the arm, taking her bag in the other hand.

"Later, Char!" They both say as they walk out.

Thank. God.

Now I can hold myself.

I grab myself with both hands the second they're out of view, moaning as it gets so much easier to hold the second I do. I blush once I realise I was loud enough that the one man in the shop is now looking at me. I try to pull a straight face.

Toilet. Need toilet. Want to pee.

Uggh!

Toilet. Want to use the toilet. Need to use the toilet. When can I use the -

"Hey."

I look up. It's the guy. I don't know his name. His eyes are quite red. He's dumped about six boxes of Chocolate-Frosted Sugar-Bombs on the till belt. I chuckle a little - massive mistake. The extra pressure on my bladder nearly causes a leak.

Correction.

It caused a leak! Oh, crap, I can feel a slightly damp spot. N-no one can see it, I'm fine, just need the toilet...

"Uhh, hey" I say to him. He smiles limply at me. "Umm, each box of cereal comes with a free toilet - BOWL. They come with a free bowl."

He looks at me and considers me for a moment.

"Free toilet bowl?" He asks, looking genuinely interested in the offer.

"Uh, ha ha - n-no, just a bowl."

"Could I use the bowl as a toilet?

What.

"Umm, I mean you c-could. But it's best you don't."

"Could I get a toilet instead?"

"We have toilets here" I tell him, almost as if to taunt myself.

"But can I take it with me?"

"N-no."

"Aww, man." He says with a grin. "Dude, could you imagine if these did come with a toilet?"

"Ha ha..." I force myself to laugh. Even fake laughing is pressing on my already full bladder. "T-that would be something!" I say to him, trying to ignore the fact that the damp spot on my underwear is feeling warmer again. "T-that's thirteen pounds, please sir"

"Hey - more like pees sir, right?" He asks, laughing like he's said something genius. "Because of the free toilet" he adds, trailing off into giggles. I can't help but smirk. He hands me the money, and takes all six boxes out. No bag. He just carries them.

Oh god! I've already begun leaking! TWICE. In front of a customer. I NEED TO GO!

I look around again, standing up. I look down at the crotch of my pants - still dry, but I doubt they'll be like this for long if I don't go to the loo now. I look over to Margret again - I'll have to ask if I can go before I do. She's still on her computer, and she's certainly not working. She's not paying any attention to me...I don't know if I can wait much more!

No - n-no I can't!

I go to sit down, but again this puts pressure on my bladder - and I can't take that any more! Physically!

I feel heat shoot across my crotch. I hear a tiny hiss, and I feel a squirt escape me. Then I feel my face go bright red.

I've started wetting myself. I just know it.

I'm left with one choice. Break the rules and pee in the toilet, or break my limit and pee in my work pants. The second one is certainly much warmer, and might have already begun - but I don't choose it.

Rules be damned - I'm going to the loo!

I push my chair back and step out the till booth. I turn toward the toilet and begin walking. The warm patch quickly cools as-

"Char!"

It's Margret!

"Char, where are you going?"

"I need to-"

"Sit back down - there's half an hour left" She says, turning back into her office. and going straight back on her computer.

Yeah, half an hour - thanks for reminding me.

Half an hour of holding, groaning, and trying my very best to keep my uniform clean.

I sulk my way back to my till and try to sit down quickly as I can to stop any more leaks. It doesn't work, and my cooling underwear grows warm again. I rest my head in one hand, and use the other to press into my crotch as hard as I can. This helps a little.

I'm not visibly wet though, right?

I lean forward and move my hand to look at my crotch. I wasn't visibly wet. Wasn't.

Leaning forward puts pressure on my bladder, and taking away my hand was just an awful idea - and I'm rewarded with a sudden, harsh squirt of wee - straight into my work pants. I gasp and throw myself back into my chair as I try to stop it.

Crap! I really am wetting myself!

Come on Char, don't do this. Hold it. You're gonna be fine. It's just a little stain, about as long as your finger. A-and the puddle on the chair is barely noticeable. E-except I can feel it being absorbed by the seat of my pants! Crap!

I lean forward and grunt, pressing both hands down as to stop another leak. This works, but only just.

I look up at the clock. Eight thirty-five. COME ON! GO FASTER!

Twenty five more minutes - and I'm stuck in this chair.

I wriggle my legs. I swivel my chair side to side. I lean in all directions and wrap my legs around each other.

Ugh, my pants are really pressing into my bladder now - W-which I can see! It's actually bulging! That's how full I am! I'm going to undo my pants - j-just the button though!

I press my hand against my bladder to undo the button - pushing it into myself and sliding the button out with ease - but at a price.

Pressing into my bladder sends my body into spasm, and I wince and shudder as I try to stop my bladder from completely releasing itself. I only just manage to hold it, and I still lose a dribble. Twenty four more minutes, and I've got to stay as dry as I am.

I'm not gonna make it!

It feels bad admitting that - but I know it's true. The soda tins sit in the bin - taunting me. 'You should never have drunk us' they seem to say. 'Because we're coming back out soon'.

That gives me an idea...

I pick up an empty tin. I look down at my crotch - blushing as I notice how wet it is now. I could just undo my zipper, pull my underwear to one side and let it out into the can...

Just the thought of peeing hits me like a bus, and another warm dribbles makes it's way out of me and down into my seat.

I'll do it. I'll pee in the can. Let me just make sure there are no customers...

No - empty! Just me, my bladder, and the CCTV-

Fuck. CCTV.

Ugh!

No choice. Gotta hold.

I check the time again. Eight Fourty five.

Still fifteen minutes left! I CAN MAKE IT.

N-no I can't! I'm gonna burst!

W-what if I let a little out now, t-then I could make it the whole way - and I'm already notably wet!

That's genius. I'm a genius. I will let out, let's say one second of pee. That should be enough...

I close my eyes and relax my bladder muscles.

I feel it well up and burst out of me with a soft hiss, spreading hot pee over my thighs and down onto my chair. I pull back on my muscles to stop the flow.

Why isn't it stopping?

I wince, moan, and pull as hard as I can with my bladder muscles, jamming both hands into my crotch. Pee runs through my fingers and begins to patter on the floor, wetting my socks, but I manage to stem the flow after about three seconds of effort. Even with the stream stopped, the whole lake inside me, that was poised to flood out, is now pressing on my muscles with the weight of an ocean. I bash my feet against the floor a couple times, and after a further five seconds the desperate urge to let it all out dies down.

I can breath again.

I look up from my now-very-damp crotch. Shop's still empty. Margret's still on the internet. I'm still about to burst.

The leak wasn't enough - and on top of that, now I'm wet. I've tasted relief - I NEED MORE!.

I look down again - once I can bring myself to. My crotch has a wet patch almost the size of a large orange, with a streak down the inside of my left leg, which trails around the back of my calf, and leaves a tiny pale-yellow line down my left sock's ankle.

It's not really worth holding it anymore - I might as well just let it go...

No! No, I c-can't! Gotta hold it - I'm not going to lost to my own body!

W-what's the time?

E-eight fifty five. Urgh! Five minutes! OF AGONY!

C-come on, you've let out enough to make it, Charlotte.

I can't believe I'm sitting here, wetting myself like a shy school girl. Boy, have I been there before...

Flashbacks of classrooms, wet uniforms and sympathetic teachers aren't helping right now. Partially because Margret doesn't look too sympathetic, and partly because my brain is reminding me that the brief moment of release is absolutely the best feeling of relief one can get. I'm trying to force myself to remember the humiliation I felt as Mr Revell asks me 'Why don't you put your hand up?' again. 'I tried sir, but it ran through my fingers...'

Fifty eight now. Two minutes. Come on, nearly there. Nearly there.

By now my pants are feeling quite cold, with the wet bits clinging to me in the way that only wet fabric does. And my bladder feels like pressure is welling up again in the way that only a bladder close to forcing release does.

O-oh crap.

Pressure builds and builds in my bladder - this is the tale-tale sign of a bladder that's about to burst. I pull both my hands into myself and squeeze my bladder shut with all the effort I have. I push myself back into my chair and squeeze my legs together. I moan softly as the pressure mounts.

And it grows.

And I groan.

And it grows harder.

Hng!

In a tiny burst of effort, my bladder squeezes itself hard, and I'm helpless to stop a powerful burst of pee shooting into my pants. I wince as it squirts through my fingers with a little squishing noise - but at least this burst stops. I have a moment to catch my breath. I sit in my chair, hands warm and damp, breathing heavily.

That's one wave gone. I watch the clock tick onto fifty-nine. I've got a minute left. One more wave of pressure, and I'm done.

But if I can make this last minute without flooding my chair, then I can make a beeline for the bathroom.

Just so long as I don't get hit by another wave of desperation.

Speak of the devil...

I feel the first signs of a wave. I know what's coming.

I wince as I brace myself.

The first warm feeling inside as my muscles prepare to squeeze.

Pressure begins mounting on my bladder, and I can only moan as I get ready.

There's just a minute left. If I can make it through this...

Pressure keeps growing. I close my eyes tight. I Force my body still as I tense every other muscle in my body in a vain effort to stop what I know is coming.

I have seconds left. The pressure's reaching it's peak.

I whimper.

It hits.

Hnn!

I can't stop it this time, and my bladder tenses up as hard as it can. With my eyes closed, I lean forward, but it doesn't help again. A hiss and a hot burst down my thighs tell me all I need to know. I feel the fabric soak up pee as it grows soft against my arms. I know my shirt's probably in the path of this - but I daren't move my hands to get it out the way. Even with both hands pressed against myself, I can't stop a second wave of pressure, and my bladder squeezes hard again.

Another whimper as another hiss erupts, spreading heat further down my legs, and pushing out enough that it flows over the edge of my seat. It splatters as it crashes into the ground. A couple of streaks make their ways down my calves instead though, I can feel the hot beads of pee running down them, leaving streaks in my pants, and soaking into the tops of my socks. Unlike the last wave though, this burst doesn't completely stop. As hard as I try to stop the flow again, I can feel a tiny but constant dribble saturating my pants again. I managed to force my eyes open.

I'm greeted by the sight of wet work clothes. My crotch looks like I've spilled a drink, and there's a clear, fresh puddle on the faux-leather chair. I let my left hand fall away, wiping it on the far side of my leg to dry it, before wiping the tears out my eyes. I'm not crying - my eyes are just watering from where I've had them shut so tightly. My bladder's done a similar thing.

I sit still, waiting for the final hit. I can't make another desperate wave. I'm about to totally wet myself. There's nothing else that can-

*Beep. Beep*.

What?

The buzzer! It's Nine! My shift's over! I can-

Hnn!

In my excitement I lose another spurt, but I manage to stop this one.

I now have seconds to make my move. I jump to my feet, throwing my wet chair over. Both hands in my soaked crotch, I charge out my till. I know where to go - and I know how much time I have - the third wave is beginning. I stumble as I nearly trip over one of my shoes, hastening the last wave, and losing me another spurt of pee, straight into my hands - my pants offer no resistance any more.

Each step pushes me closer to the edge, and everything is making me want to go more. The agony of holding - I want to give up. The wet squish of my socks with each step - I know I'm already wet. The tiny spurts I feel each time I move my legs - I want to finish them now.

But I can't. I can see the toilet door in front of me. I'm so close!

The wave's hitting me now - no, no no no n-no!

I c-can hold iiii

Hnnn!

I can't stop this wave - it just hits me. Pee bursts through all my defences, splattering onto the floor and soaking a streak down my legs as I walk - I make a last moment decisions.

I stop focusing on my bladder.

Pee begins to flow out of me and into my clothes, flooding down my legs and splashing onto the floor. I move my arms away and begin running toward the bathroom, leaving a wet trail behind me. I've no time to think about this though - I just want to pee!

Well - I'm already peeing, but I can limit this!

I slam into the bathroom door shoulder first and it flies open. I stand in the toilet for a second as I try to locate the toilet itself. This gives me the time to make two tennis-ball sized puddles where I stand. Pee is still just flowing out of me - I'm basically peeing. Well, I am peeing - I'm totally wetting myself right now, and I can't stop it.

I lunge toward the toilet, feet squishing as they hit the floor with each step, and I throw the lid up. I spin on the spot so I'm facing away from the toilet.

I look down at my crotch. I can see the stain growing slowly - it's already completely obvious that I'm pissing myself - My pants and my feet are soaked. There's already a growing puddle beneath me. I can't stop though - I scramble to my fly with both hands - thanking my foresight of undoing the button. I yank down on my work pants, and am immediately greeted by my pale green panties - with a huge wet patch, and a strong steady stream just pouring through them. I don't have time to take them off though, I plant myself onto the toilet seat.

Haaah!

I sit back and shut my eyes as I let my body begin to pee at full force. Pee runs through my panties, running up my backside, but right now - sat over the toilet - the heat is beautiful.

I'm completely wetting myself now, but that's fine. I'm on the toilet!

I made it!

The splashing sound beneath me is like music to my ears, and the relief is something else.

It's one thing to burst, but to finally let go at the point of bursting...Undescribeable.

I grin and moan, this time in raw pleasure, as relief floods over me the way desperation had just moments earlier. I can't stop myself panting and almost giggling as the feeling takes over me. Nothing matters any more, I've made it to the toilet!

I keep reminding myself this, and I grin inanely each time I do.

Sure, my pants, panties, and my socks are completely soaked. Sure, I've left a wet trail from my till to my toilet. Sure, my seat is up-ended from where I threw it over when I got up, and probably covered in my pee. But I made it. And with my panties still on - I don't even need to sit properly. I'm leaning back on the toilet - at an angle that might usually have a stream of pee being cast forward and onto the floor - but the fabric is enough to halt the flow, sending it flooding down my ass and into the toilet. The heat of it coursing over me is an amazing reminder that I'm finally peeing.

I sit on the toilet for a good minute - eyes closed and grinning, with pee just spilling out of me. By the time I finish, I feel a bit dazed.

I open my eyes and look around the bathroom. I can see two puddles where I hesitated when I came in. I can see smaller puddles where I had moved. I can see my work pants sitting loosely around my ankles, with the centre of them several shades darker than the rest. My glasses have fallen down my face a little where I hit the toilet so hard sitting down, and I can barely muster the effort to push them back into place. I sit and wait for the last drips of pee to fall out of my soaked underwear.

I stand up in the bathroom, pulling my pants back up. The cold fabric stings my legs a little. Looking down, I might as well have just given up - the insides of each leg is soaked, leaving streaks about four inches wide on either side of them, and smaller streaks down my left leg's calf. My socks are mostly pale yellow and see through - I can make out each of my toes through the fabric. Each step I make leaves a wet foot print now. I pull some toilet paper of the roll and get to drying the floor.

It takes about ten minutes before I leave the bathroom - I flush and wash my hands of course. I step out into the main shop - socks still leaving a wet residue on the floor behind me. Pants still with dark streaks to my feet. And Margret, hands on her hips, in front of my till.

"Charlotte." She says, quite calmly. "What is this?"

"Uh...I needed the toilet."

I'm still surprised at how well Margret took the whole thing. She gave me a spare pair of pants and a mop and bucket. Sure I spent an extra ten minutes there, but to be fair, I had made the mess. Margret told me that by this point she was all but used to this kind of incident - although it still clearly annoyed her. I'm hoping this will be a little secret between me and her, of course. She gave me a bag to take my wet clothes in - Socks, pants and panties because walking home in wet panties would be agony. So now, at home, I'm commando, in a pair of work pants, and a white top which managed to just about escape unscathed, save a small wet patch around the base of the shirt.

Something about Margret's expression tells me this won't be the last of this type of thing though...

