Opening a request window

Author: Deepest

*000*2022-08-12 16:50

Hi you all!

I'm going to start a new project of writing one-shots on the side while waiting for my current main story's other 2 chapters to be approved (it's called "Not so enjoyable party" also on this forum).

Which unfortunately, is taking about 2 days now as of me writing this. Now this is not a criticism of the moderation team; I know they have a lot on their hands, or at the very least i think so. As a new member, your first few posts have to be approved by the mods first and i support that idea.

So in the mean time, i will be taking requests from you

I will pretty much accept anything you request (well, almost but..). Whether it be themes (like fantasy, or etc.), different kinks, or even down to specific situations. I do have a few exceptions though, and i'll get into that right now:

I will not accept:

- Requests involving sexual interactions. Partly because i am personally asexual and that means that i can't really connect with the perspective of enjoyment derived from sex, and i think that will affect my writing so i won't be doing it. Not that i have anything against your personal orientations. And in other part because i don't really condone certain types of "sexual activities". You know which ones.

- Diapers. I just don't really like them. Nothing against your personal tastes though

- Requests of some certain fandoms. I do watch anime some, read manga a little, but i don't really watch a lot of the mainstream stuff so i can't really write about some or even most of them. Of course, you can request any kind of fiction and not just animes. Or just a general story, not even connected to anything. I'll write what i can

- Requests that break the ToS

- I will mostly write about female characters, so keep that in mind. Not that i won't accept any guys though, depends on my mood really

I will post these one-shots in separate topics but will keep them all in this forum. I will title it with a "(request)" next to the name of the story, and will credit the submitter at the beginning of the story (unless you want to stay anonymous, in that case just say with your request)

And yeah, have fun with this y'all

Peace

- Deepest

Edit: everything's now been approved! Wooooooo! I'm not closing this though so request anything.

Peace

*002*2022-08-14 19:40

{{1 hour ago, ola93 said:

Now that's an awesome way to introduce yourself here. The most important thing I want to say here is that I think you should write about what YOU like. Don't forget you're writing anything you post on here for fun.

Having said that, I do have a suggestion you could write about if you'd like to and I'm sure I'd like to read the result

This story is about a group of women (I'd say three or four) holding their pee for their job in the fetish industry. Could be for a website selling video's like the ones we probably all know on here, as a special service in a club or something like that, I'll leave that up to you. They've both been working at the job for a while, so they know their bladders well and their capacities have been measured repeatedly.

Now, for this story, a customer has requested them to have a holding contest, but not in the traditional way. Instead of them seeing who can hold it the longest, or who can hold the most, they get a time at which they will have to pee into some measuring device (a graduated cup or whatever) and they are asked to bet how much they will be able to release at that time the day before the event, as a percentage of their highest measured capacity to keep things fair.

At the event, the women can drink and pee whenever and how much they want to, but exactly at the specified time they will have to measure their pee. The winner is the woman who held the most (as a percentage of her maximum capacity) AND went over the percentage she bet she could do. Only if no one pees more than they bet before they started, the winner is simply the person who peed the most at the specified time (still as a percentage of her maximim capacity).

}}

Sure dude! I might be able to crank one out tmr or a day after that. Been kinda bored lately so i'll take pretty much anything. I'm no writer but i really enjoy writing, it distracts me from the rest of the world hahahaha. As for your kind comment in the former; I do have a story of my own creation. I mentioned it at the top of the post, including its name. It is at its third chapter right now and i've added a choose your own route element into it. Incase you wanna check that out

And thank you for the request

*005*2022-08-15 15:23

{{11 hours ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

I read "A Not So Enjoyable Party." It's not my kind of story, but the descriptions of desperation are great! I'd love to see you write about a more pleasant situation where a woman becomes increasingly uncomfortably full while trying to maintain her dignity.

I'll tell you an idea I had a while back (which was for an Equestria Girls fanfic but it should work fine with original characters). It's an outdoor photoshoot (maybe an expensive professional affair or maybe an Instagram Influencer kinda thing) in a gorgeous and unique yet remote and inaccessible spot. The model, an affluent city girl who's used to a cushy lifestyle, has to ride for hours in an off-road vehicle and then change her clothes behind the bushes when they get here because there are no modern conveniences to be found. She thinks this "misery" will all be worthwhile when the fabulous photos come out. As it turns out the biggest problem is that she won't use substandard toilet facilities much less the outdoors. She's never relieved herself outside in her life and wouldn't know how even if she wanted to.

Due to the long trip and other delays she gets more and more desperate, but she tries to hold her head high and stay classy, and she denies that there's a problem when people start asking what's wrong. Before the end of the shoot her bladder crisis is so severe that she can't even stand still to be photographed. She has to admit that she's moments away from an accident and doesn't know what to do. One of the people there (maybe the driver) is a friendly country girl who takes her aside and shows her the clean and safe way for a woman in a dress to urinate outdoors (it was too urgent for her to change out of the fancy outfit or even take off the high-heel boots). This rugged girl also has a fair volume of urine in her so she makes her body a visual aid and takes a leak next to the city girl. Once her bladder is empty her modeling skills are back up to 100% and she looks fabulous in the finished photos.

If you decide to write this story you don't have to follow this plot to the letter.

}}

Thank you for the kind words! Yeah, it's not really a story for everyone as it is tailored to my own strange tastes but, glad you enjoyed the descriptions though. I try to perfect those parts especially as to make them as vivid as possible for the readers. Glad it paid off.

As for the request; Absolutely. I'll see when i can fit it into my schedule, as some more work just came in for me, and i've also got the other request by Ola to finish. So maybe i can write this one on the weekends

Thanks again for the request

