The Ladies Room Line in the Men's Room

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2020-08-04 10:13

I managed to write this yesterday, ironically while I was at my bathroomless job and bursting for a pee! I actually thought of this story over two months ago based on a picture that I posted in my blog in a previous update and which I am going to post here that showed a line of women waiting for the stalls in the men's room, which I thought is comical and I thought would make a good basis for a story, so there you go,

Anyway without further ado here is my latest story about a bunch of women who take over men's room in a rebellion after encountering a long line at a sporting event only for things to turn out not so great for my main protagonist, but I like the fact that at the end she holds her head high and keeps a straight face about it. And I guess in that sense I am doing the same with my new job. It really sucks, it is extremely frustrating, but when you can't do anything about it I guess you just have to grit your teeth, cross your legs and grin and bear it no matter how unhappy you are about the situation you find yourself in. So maybe that was kind of what influenced the story as well because remember I wrote this story while I was desperately waiting all day without a bathroom. Enjoy! Also in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/1834.html

The Ladies Room Line in the Men's Room

Jill could feel the pressure mounting in her bladder by the moment. Why did she let her friends drag her to some boring sports event that she had no interest in going to? And why did she think that she could make her boredom go away by drinking?

"Okay I think I have to pee now," Jill said as she realized she was in the middle of a crowded row of people.

"Can't you just wait a few more minutes?" Jack said.

"I've already been waiting quite a while," Jill said as she finished up her drink. "I was telling myself that I would try to wait until I could get up without being a disruption but I really really have to go!"

"You girls always have to go to the bathroom," Timothy said. "Haven't you ever heard of holding it in?"

"I have been holding it in!" Jill shouted as she stomped her feet on the floor. "But you can only hold for so long before the dam is ready to burst!"

"I have to admit I have to majorly take a piss as well," Karina said.

"Guilty," Shawna said as she waved her hand sheepishly.

"Can't you girls just wait until the end of this inning?" Timothy asked.

"No!" all three of them said simultaneously.

"Come on, we all really have to go!" Jill said as she stood up slowly suddenly feeling more weight in her bladder.

"Gangway gotta pee!" Karina shouted as she put her hands around her mouth to amplify it.

"Okay okay girls hold your horses, or your bladders as the case may be," Jack said as he rolled his eyes.

Karina, Shawna and Jill slowly shuffled their way down past the crowds who had to move to let them through as they grumbled and complained about it.

"I'm sorry but we have to go to the bathroom, pardon us if we have to pee!" Jill shouted as the three women pushed their way out of the crowds. "Where exactly is the bathroom?"

"It's a big stadium there must be plenty of bathrooms around here," Shawna said as the three of them started making their way towards the back of the stadium. As they walked up the steps they could feel each step in their bladders.

"Wow I didn't realize how badly I had to go until I stood up," Karina said.

"I know right?!" Jill said as she slowly began sprinting up the stairs until they were at the top in the back of the stadium.

"Oh good lord where's the freaking bathroom already?" Shawna said as she danced in place.

"It has to be around here somewhere," Jill said as she looked around but saw no sign of the bathroom. "Christ I have to piss!"

Karina danced in place and continued looking around. "Jesus Christ where do they keep the bathrooms around here? They should make it highly visible. Don't they know people have to pee during the game?"

"This is why I hate going to sporting events, not just because I have no interest in sports, but because I can never find a bathroom when I really need one," Jill said. "You spend half the time looking for a bathroom and then half the time waiting in line for the bathroom."

"Dammit I have to go!" Karina shouted as the three women continued looking around but seeing no signs of the bathroom.

"Okay let's just try to walk it off, maybe while we are walking and looking for the bathroom that will help us distract from our bladders," Jill said as the three of them began slowly walking stopping every few moments to cross their legs.

"Or maybe not," Shawna said as the three of them laughed.

"Why did we drink so much," Karina said. "It's crazy they provide giant jumbo sized drinks and then they hide the bathrooms."

"Excuse me but can you tell me where the ladies room is cause we need it badly!" Jill said feeling a little bit embarrassed after stating that so emphatically.

"Don't even bother, the line is just ridiculous," a woman said as she pointed in a forward direction.

"I'm afraid that it can't wait!" Jill said as she walked in the direction that the woman pointed.

"I still don't see any signs of the bathroom," Karina said as they approached a large crowd of women. "Does anyone here know where the ladies room is?"

"I hate to tell you this but this is the line for the bathroom," a woman said as she pointed off to the large crowd of women snaking off into the distance.

"Oh dear Jesus!" Shawna said. "Guys I don't think I can wait in this line, this is just ridiculous, this is going to be like an hour."

"Well what are we going to do, this is the only bathroom around isn't it?" Jill said as the woman in front of them nodded her head.

"But I have to go so freaking bad though!" Karina shouted as she crossed her legs and grabbed herself.

"You think I don't, I had a jumbo sized soda as well!" Jill said as she shifted from leg to leg. "This is just insane and ridiculous."

"Well there is one thing we could possibly do," Shawna said as she looked both ways before whispering to Karina and Jill. "Maybe we can sneak into the men's room."

"I am not going to get caught going into the men's room," Jill said.

"Guys I really don't think that I can wait an hour in line to go to the bathroom, I have to go and I have to go pretty bad," Shawna said.

"Well we all have to go pretty bad, but if everyone to just used the men's room every time they had to pee really bad everybody would be doing it," Jill said as she crossed her legs and looked longingly towards the front of the line, clearly very nervous.

"Normally I would agree with Jill but I really really have to go," Karina said.

"You too?" Jill said.

"Look at you, you are shaking in place, are you telling me that you think you can really wait an hour to go to the bathroom?" Karina said.

Jill put her fingers in her mouth and began biting them. "Dammit!"

"Look I bet if a bunch of women stormed the men's room nobody is going to stop us," Karina said.

"Yeah but I really don't want to get myself in some type of really awkward trouble here," Jill said as she bent at the knees a little bit.

"Would you rather piss yourself?" Shawna said. "Because I feel like I'm going to piss myself."

"But what if we're the only ones in the men's room?" Jill asked.

"Well that's good because there won't be as much of a wait!" Karina said. "I don't know about you guys but I know that I can't wait, so I'm going to the men's room."

"Me too," Shawna said.

"You guys," Jill said but they were already marching towards the men's room, and as she felt the aching pain in her bladder she figured that she was obligated to stay with her friends one way or the other.

As the three of them approached the men's room they could see that there didn't appear to be any line at all.

"Okay now that's just wrong," Jill said as she pointed to the nonexistent line in front of the men's room as she saw men coming in and out in rapid succession.

"All the more reason why we should commandeer the men's room and strike a blow for women everywhere," Karina said. "Women of the world unite and storm the men's room! We will be like revolutionaries, we will be bold and nobody will have thought of this before. We few, we proud, we who are about to piss ourselves!"

"Well I hardly see it as revolutionary but at the same time I really do have to piss," Shawna said.

"Fine let's just get this over with quickly," Jill said as the three of them looked both ways before darting inside of the men's room where all of the sudden they were confronted with a long line of women. "What the hell?"

"Yeah, what the hell?" Karina said as she looked to the woman at the end of the line. "What the hell is this?"

"It's the ladies room line," the woman in front of them said as she shook her head.

"I thought this was the men's room?" Jill asked.

The woman nodded. "It's the ladies room line inside the men's room. What, you thought you were the only women to think of this? Plenty of women saw that hour long line and knew that there was no way that they were going to be able to wait that long."

"Well great, we stormed the men's room hoping that we would be revolutionaries and get our bathroom needs met right away only to be finding the same situation in the men's room," Karina said.

"Well sure there is a ladies room line inside of the men's room but it's longer than the ladies room line for the ladies room," Shawna said.

"But it is still pretty damn long though," Jill said. "But you are right, it is better than waiting in the ladies room line for the ladies room. And I have to admit the fact that we weren't the only ones to try this makes me feel better as there is safety in numbers."

The three women stood in the line at least 20 or 30 women long waiting for the men's room stalls as the men quickly came and went using the long row of urinals lined up against the wall.

"Well no wonder they're so quick, look how many urinals they have!" Jill shouted. "In the ladies room we have a wall with nothing but sinks and mirrors, but the men's room has a huge line of urinals stretching from here to Timbuktu! And the guys aren't even using the stalls."

"But that's just because we have commandeered them," Karina said.

"Yeah but they totally have a lot more than they need," Jill said. "If we had this many places to pee in the ladies room we wouldn't have lines an hour long."

"You ladies shouldn't be in here," a man said as he went towards the urinals.

"Well maybe if you build enough bathrooms for the ladies rooms you wouldn't have to have this problem!" Jill shouted.

"Karina don't stare," Shawna said as she noticed Karina staring at the men at the urinals.

"Is it just me or does hearing all of these men peeing in those urinals and constantly flushing them make me need to go to the bathroom more?" Jill asked.

"It's not just you," Shawna said as she danced in place.

"This is pure torture!" Jill shouted. "This is like Chinese water torture or something like that. I didn't know when we were commandeering the men's room that the men would be peeing so loudly inside!"

"If you don't like it get out of here then," a guy said as he left the urinals and flipped the women off.

"How rude!" Karina said as she shook her head.

"Don't they realize that we would rather be waiting anywhere else but here right now?" Jill said as she shook her head.

"Well I suppose we are invading their personal space," Karina said. "But they still should have provided us with more bathroom, so it's their own fault!"

The three women nodded as they continue to wait and that was when they saw two familiar faces enter the bathroom.

"What the hell are you doing in here girls?" Jack said as he came over to them.

"The ladies room line was, ahem, a little slow to say the least, to make the understatement of the century, so we decided to jump ship and take over the men's room," Shawna said. "Don't worry we won't interfere with you using your precious urinals."

"But I don't think I can go to the bathroom with you girls watching," Timothy said.

"I have no interest in seeing you urinate," Jill said. "But if you can't pee with women in the restroom then that is your problem."

"You bet it is, I really have to go!" Timothy shouted.

"Well go ahead, nobody is stopping you," Jill said.

Jack went and use the urinals and then was done in a few seconds and came back over to the women.

"You have no idea how infuriating it is to see you be able to pee so quickly," Jill said.

"I'm sorry but I can't go with you girls in the bathroom," Timothy said as he came back over from the urinals.

"Well then I guess you'll just have to wait until we are done," Karina said. "Fortunately it's almost our turn."

"You girls really shouldn't be in here," another guy said as he came over.

"Says who?" Jill asked.

"Says the rules, and me, Bobby boy," the man said. "It is just sick and perverted that you girls are actually in the men's room."

"I agree, it is sick and perverted that we have to use the men's room because there is such a huge line at the ladies room we can't use it in a reasonable amount of time," Jill said. "But that's nobody's fault but your own. If you gave us enough ladies rooms we wouldn't be here right now, so if you have a complaint take it up with the administration, and if it doesn't bother you that we have to wait so long then you shouldn't have the right to complain when we take over your bathroom. And if you don't like that, tough, so what are you going to do about it now?"

Bobby shook his head and stormed off angrily as the women clapped.

"You go girl," Shawna said as she patted Jill on the shoulder. "You really showed him who was boss."

Jill smiled feeling smugly satisfied at her victory. "Well it was nothing, sometimes you just have to pick your battles, and I only pick battles that I know I can win."

"Speaking of you go girl, I think it's time for us to go girl!" Karina said as she pointed to the stalls freeing up as she and Shawna bolted towards the bathrooms and slammed the door shut.

"I would just love to see the look on that Bobby boy's face once again when I told him to go take a hike," Jill said folding her arms in smug satisfaction seeing as she was next in line, when all of the sudden she felt a tap on her shoulder and turned around to see Bobby standing there with a big smile on his face, his arms folded even more smugly with what looked like two security guards standing behind him.

"We've got some complaints that there are some women in the men's room," one of the guards said. "So I'm afraid we're going to have to ask all of you ladies to get out of the men's room immediately."

"But the ladies room line was outrageously long!" Jill shouted.

The guard shook his head "I'm sorry ma'am but that doesn't give you the right to use the men's room, it's called the men's room for a reason."

"Bathroom revolutionaries!" Karina and Shawna said as they slapped each other five as they came out of the stalls together as did several other women.

"Hey Jill what's going on here?" Karina said as she came over.

"I'm afraid I'm going to have to escort all of you ladies out of the men's room right now or I will be forced to take legal action," the guard said.

"Oh please no," Jill said. "I'll only be a second, I swear."

The guard shook his head. "I'm sorry miss but being in here one more second doesn't make it any less wrong for you to be here at all, so now are you going to go peacefully or do I have to forcibly remove you from the facilities?"

Jill's heart sunk. She was so close and had come so far that she practically wanted to cry. As she looked Bobby straight in the eyes the sneer on his face was cutting through her like a hot knife through butter, and that just made her want to go to the bathroom even more to wipe the smug smile off his face.

But Jill didn't want to give him the satisfaction, so she simply gave him the stink eye as she and the other women were escorted out of the bathroom by the security guards.

"Well hey here's the three bad ass ladies who took over the men's room, the bathroom revolutionaries themselves, give me a high five," Jack said with a smile as he high-fived the three of them but then he noticed that Jill was walking kind of funny. "Wait, is something wrong?"

Karina and Shawna looked at each other and then they looked at Jill and it looked like they were about to say something.

"Nothing wrong here," Jill said as she looked at Karina and Shawna with her head held high. "Just three bad ass women who totally commandeered a men's room, am I right ladies? Can I get a high-five?"

"Bathroom revolutionaries forever," Karina and Shawna said as they slapped Jill a high-five before exchanging each other some eye rolling glances knowing that Jill was far too proud to admit what had happened.

"Well if you ladies are finally done taking over the men's room it's time for me to go relieve myself," Timothy said as he ran into the men's room.

As the four of them waited for Timothy to come out of the restroom they didn't say anything, but Bobby boy walked past them and exchanged an evil smirk in Jill's direction, but she didn't give him the satisfaction of blinking.

"So is everybody ready to go?" Timothy said as he came out of the bathroom looking relieved.

Jill forced a smile on her face. "Timothy believe me when I say that never in my entire life have I been more ready to go."

Karina and Shawna were so proud of Jill for managing to keep up her resolve that they didn't even say anything for the entire 45 minute ride home where she sat with her legs crossed and shaking the entire time before bolting head over heels for the very first ladies room the second they arrived at the nearest rest stop.

$$

