The Exhibitionist

Author: Dimwitrolo

*000*2020-06-28 14:11

It had been my goal for weeks.

I knew I was going to do this - I'd done the planning, I'd figured out my route and all the little details.

The excitement - the thrill! - of knowing I was going to do what I was going to do.

I shut my front door behind me as I step into the late night air. It's just gone 3am, like I'd planned. It will be quiet out, there won't be anyone. It's just me, my clothes, and my...

Well. You can read the URL. You're on this website too. I won't be coy.

Today is the day that I'm going to wet myself...in public.

It's...it's an odd feeling. I wouldn't say good, but it certainly wasn't bad.

My heart is racing, I'm struggling to keep my breath under control, and I'm shivering a little...though that's more the cold than anything else. I haven't really dressed for the cold. I've just sort of put on clothes that I don't mind losing.

Let me work my way up.

My feet are currently being scratched top to bottom by an old pair of trainers I've had for...years? Maybe longer. They look older than me. They aren't comfy - but if they were, I wouldn't mind ruining them.

No socks. Why would I wear socks? You know what I'm gonna do in these clothes - I can definitely skip the socks.

Pants - cheap trackies. I bought these when I started at uni. My intention was to become bit of a gym bunny...turns out trackies are really comfy and much better suited to sleeping in. But after their three years of loyal service, they're riddled with holes and thin fabric and just general wear. Tonight's going to be their grand send-off.

Shirt - sports bra. Came with the trackies. Not as comfy as the trackies...but they do show off my belly. Hopefully someone will look. Hey, don't give me that look - you've got a weird fetish too.

Over that is a hoodie. It's so comfy. This is going in the wash after tonight. Not losing my good hoodie.

...

At this point I'm stalling. I'm stood out my door, it's 3am, it's freezing...and I really need to pee.

That's not accidental either. I've 'borrowed' 3 beers from my flatmate. They're currently sitting inside me, giving me both the urge to pee and the courage to do it...where I'm going to.

Let's...let's start walking.

...

I...I don't really have much to say. It's...cold...dark. You know, it's 3am. I'm half-dressed, I'm nervous and I really need to pee.

So let me run you through my plan as I walk.

For years now, I've enjoyed wetting myself. Took me about a week to accept that. Because it was really fun to keep wetting myself. But also I really enjoy people seeing me. It gives me a bit of a thrill, you know? To know that someone is watching me. It's also much easier to indulge - I can 'forget' to shut the curtain in the morning. I can sit with my legs a little more open on the train. I can 'forget' that my flatmates have friends over and then get out the shower. No clean up, nice and easy.

But...I've never combined them.

Which is why I've planned for tonight.

I know my route, I've stashed some clean clothes in a bush in the park. I've planned this in my head for so long.

And now I'm really doing it!

Oh, it's a feeling. I'm...I'm hot, but it's cold out - I'm nervous and a little scared, but that's what's so exciting about it. Anyone might see me tonight...wetting myself like a little girl.

My location is perfect for tonight. It's a car park behind a supermarket. Not my local one - I'm horny but I'm not insane. It's a good distance from where I live.

There'll be a trolley attendant or two...maybe some members of staff. There'll definitely be c-cameras.

I...I'm gonna go quiet for a bit. It's enough to out here in the cold and desperate for a pee. I don't want to be sticky too.

...

This has been much more of a walk than I was expecting. Next time I'm wearing comfier shoes. Or socks. Or both. Or neither. And I'm definitely bring the drinks with me - not inside me.

God I need to pee now!

It's gotten so much worse as I've gone on. I started off with a little tingle, thinking I'd make it to the car-park before it became an issue. And now, as I'm walking up to the car park - I'm not sure I can make it through. There are toilets inside though, in case I ha ha ha ha no. There are no toilets for me. I'd rather make it home dry and desperate than give up now.

Sure is bright here. The lights are surprisingly strong and the whole carpark is lit up like a bonfire. It's also...quite busy.

Umm...

No Claire - you've made it this far. Now you're going to keep going.

But it's so busy!

N-no, it isn't. It's just the attendants. Look, he's going off to - oh my god that's Geoffrey.

Fuck.

He's in my knitting society at uni...

I'll give you a minute to stop smirking - I'm allowed to enjoy other things too! I don't just live to wet myself and get off, I have a life too. I bet you're into weirder shit.

That...that's definitely Geoff. God dammit. I'm not going to wet myself in front of him.

...

Yes I know I'm an exhibitionist - I'm not an idiot though. Geoff will definitely tell Tara and Johnny, and Tara's got a mouth that doesn't stop, and she's friends with gossiping Gertrude (rough name, I know) who'll tell everyone with ears. She'll definitely tell Dan and...sorry, uni stuff.

My point is everyone would know!

I'm not ready for that...

Well...fuck. I can't do it here. I've come this way for nothing. Might as well go use the loos inside and woah ho ho I got you again.

Nah I worried I might see someone I knew - I have three back up plans.

Plan 1 - wet myself inside the shop. In case there's someone I know who's leaving. Geoff works here. Looks like he picked up an extra shift today.

Plan 2 - wet myself as I'm leaving. Geoff is still here, bad plan.

Alright I have one plan. And that plan is plan 3:

Wet myself on the way home.

But...I'm at the shop anyway. And I might feel desperate, but I know I can get more desperate. And I know this shop sells Dandelion and Burdock. Look it up, it's actually a really nice drink.

Also dandelions are meant to make you wet the bed. Allegedly. Not sure how. Maybe they put your hand in some warm water?

Fun fact - warm water trick doesn't work. You just wake them up and then they're angry at you for trying to make them wet the bed.

...

Shopping's done. Nothing eventful - sadly. Standing at the checkout was a bit rushed though - I've not so much as opened my can and already I'm squirming a little.

I'm not trying to but if I don't I am going to leak - and as you might remember - I haven't left the shop yet. I'm on my way out and onto the main road. I flick my can open with a hiss and take a deep mouthful. This is then followed by regret as my bladder sends a sudden and urgent message to my brain that I NEED TO PEE.

The cold doesn't help for sure. I always find I pee more when it's cold. There's probably a reason. For now, I just care about how well it's working oh my god why do I have to pee this badly. I'd hoped I wouldn't need to pee by now. As I reach the end of the walkway into the shop I take a seat on the wall.

Sitting also doesn't help. Bringing my legs up has put new pressure on my already full bladder and my whole body protests. It takes all my effort to stop a premature leak from hitting my trackies, and these will not absorb anything. The slightest touch of moisture and these pants go black. I sit against the wall, almost crushing my half-full can as I try to regain my composure. I hope I didn't just moan.

It's a moment before I do regain control of my urinary system, but I know it won't be long until I won't be able to. So what better thing to do than finish my drink?

It's not very lady-like, I know, but I down the can. It's almost a shame to waste it by drinking it so fast but it was also forty-pence. Can't complain. And hey, it gets me fuller and oh god. Desperate wave.

I won't make it much longer now - I know. My bladder feels like fire and my muscles are ready to give up. I have to breath carefully now - too much air in my body means not enough space for urine in my bladder - and it's still too close to the shop for me to reach that point. I should probably get a move on.

My plan now was to get home and have a little latchkey incontinence at my front door. And by a little I mean - I want to moan and wriggle and wiggle as I fumble for my key in my trackie pockets - knowing full well it's under a flowerpot. I want someone to see me - anyone - as I lose control at the door. I want someone to watch as pee streaks down my legs and fuck fuck fuck! I...I can't make it. I won't make it home. I can't pee here though - Geoff.

I have to leave and now.

I lift myself off the wall and try to pretend I don't feel something warm hit my thigh. The effort of standing up was just a little too much for my poor bladder. I can feel my face go hot and red as my pants are already getting cool and dark. I almost need to focus on walking forward, telling my feet to move manually as the rest of my body battles my bursting bladder. I can barely manage to limp forward and down the road. I have to make it to the end of this street at the very least, then I can turn a corner and...bliss! But until then. I have to hold it.

It's not easy. It's hard, in fact. Really hard. My bladder is begging me to empty it out. My palms are sweaty and I can't breath quietly. As I make the last few steps toward the end of the road before my right turn, I hear myself whimper. And then I force out a couple louder whimpers for good measure. I turn the corner. It's a distance from the shop now, I can't hear or see the shop or Geoffrey. Which means that...fuuuuuck.

My body must know what I'm going to do now. It knows that I've planned on wetting myself and now that I'm free of the shop - it's ready.

Almost too ready - I find myself buckling and bending over double, both hands pressed firmly into my groin as a wave of desperation shatters my entire body. Not now, please. I want to get further down before Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck! My body has other ideas!

I feel the fabric of my trackies suddenly change texture as they're hit by a first jet of urine. There's a fierce hiss as my body pushes with all it's might into my fingers, flooding through them as if they weren't there. I moan loudly and lose my footing for a second, needing to grab onto the wall for support. This takes a vital hand from the front lines though, and as soon as I'm stable I notice that my left thigh feels a lot warmer than it did ten seconds ago. Some fresh drips fall off my leg and hit the floor below. I...I need a moment to breath.

I clutch the railings of the wall behind me in one hand. I can't tell if it's sweat or pee between my fingers anymore.

I hold myself steady and force myself to breath. Not one breath leaves me in silence - my first laboured breaths are hoarse, but as I regain composure I moan just a little. Still warm fabric clings to my left thigh - I can feel it. I don't think I can bring myself to look. I look straight down.

It's...not as bad as I thought. I'm almost disappointed. My eyes are watering, my nose is almost running, and I don't feel any relief yet - There's plenty in my bladder yet. Plus the drink I had on the way out. That's still got to make it's way through.

The streak down my left leg is barely an inch wide but it stretches down past my knee, finishing on the inside of my left calf. My groin has an apple-sized dark patch between my legs and the fabric squishes a little when I push my legs together.

Now, like most of you, I've wet myself before. I've held until I couldn't, I've wet myself deliberately. I've wet the bed because I didn't want to get out of it. I've wet the bed after I've got out of it. Hell, I have wet myself twice while doing essays. The first one was an actual accident - studying at home. The second one was an hour later. And not an accident. And it led to me waking up a roomie because...You figure it out. Fun night though.

But...this is different.

The air isn't still, warm and familiar. The floor isn't a towel or some strategically placed laundry. There's no light to turn off.

Right now...It's cold. There's a chilling breeze every now and then and I definitely feel it. The wet patch on my trackies catches it every time which is a sharp and cold feeling. A harsh reminder that I've wet myself. The cold makes it feel way larger than it is, and I keep looking down to see if it's gotten bigger. It hasn't...yet. Right now I could probably get away with noone seeing - but that's not my plan. It's not so fun if I'm the only one who gets to see it.

And then, across the road - I see it. A stranger. Waiting at the lights.

It's a man. Looks about mid twenties. Built like someone jammed some twigs into a jelly bean and topped it off with a head. He's the one. He gets to see me tonight. Not that I have much of a choice with how much my bladder hurts. I decide it's now or never and I make the short walk to the traffic lights just ahead.

He's across the road from me now. I'm directly opposite him. I'm standing stock still with nerves as they rack my body, but my bladder has to come first - it's making sure of it. As I press the button my bladder presses into me and lets me know it's now or never.

I stand up straight. I look across the road and stare at the knot of his tie as I...relax.

Immediately I feel warmth flood across my thighs and over my cheeks as I blush bright red. I try to look as natural as I can even as I feel the contents of my bladder begin to pour down both my legs - a hot shiver of relief floods up my spine and I let myself grin a wide grin. I'm really doing it! I'm wetting myself in public and Oh god he gave me eye-contact.

I look him dead in the eyes as the sound of splashing beneath my feet shatters the silent air. I can make out the gentle hissing of pee as it leaves my body and enters my trackies, and I can definitely hear the splashing of that same pee as it floods out my trackies, into my shoes and onto the floor. Warmth floods over my feet as the fabric of my trainers quickly soaks in what it can. When I shift my weight I can feel them squishing under my soles. I want to see the mess I'm making but...I can't look down. My head is stock still with a dumb grin, watching this stranger across the road as he starts to look down for me. I see him blush subtly in the dim light and he looks up again to meet my gaze. I can't look him in the eyes again - I have to turn away.

$$

I hear the bleeping of the traffic lights as the light turns green and I'm meant to walk - but I don't want to move right now. I don't want to disturb the streams pouring down my thighs - I want to savour every second of the warmth pouring down my legs as my bladder continues to empty itself straight into my pants. I flinch as I hear footsteps across the road and for the briefest second I feel myself get pee-shy as the stream stops and starts again nervously. It's slower now, but I'm not complaining - I can feel the stream coming straight out my body and onto my right thigh this time, pushed slightly forward. In the corner of my eye I see him walking closer as he crosses, and I look straight forward again, trying to hide my grin. As he steps onto the curb barely three feet away I realise quite how loudly I'm currently panting. I don't care. Not now. My pants are soaked, my shoes are soaked, my legs are soaked, and by god it feels great!

"The um, the light's green."

OH MY GOD I DIDN'T EXPECT HIM TO TALK

"T-thanks!" I splutter, feeling myself go redder in the face. I quickly force my legs into action and walk forward across the road, trying to pretend that my pants aren't soaked through or that the puddle I was stood in wasn't there before I was. I hear him make a noise as I shuffle across the street, staring straight down at my ruined pants and water-logged trainers. Well, not really 'water' logged but you get my point - each step makes a squish and a wet foot print. All I can do now is keep walking as the stream from my bladder begins slapping into either leg before dying into a series of drips.

And I've done it.

I really did it!

My legs are warm, wet, and my knees are like jelly. I can't breath quietly, and my body is begging me for some time alone in my room. Each squishy foot step drives that point home as it leaves a wet trail of shoe prints behind me.

Each footstep onward gets more and more intense. My thighs are pressed together, forcing warm fabric between them and rubbing against me. I can't get the thought of what I've done out my head - he saw everything! He watched me standing there and totally soak myself so casually! I...

I need to stand still for a moment....phew.

I...I guess I don't need to be home to have some time to myself, right?

I've left my bag in the park nearby. It's quiet, I used to go there all the time, and there's a great little shelter. But importantly - it's quiet. And I don't know if I'm going to be when I get there.

I can't get it out my head. Being watched as I wet myself, walking around so obviously soaked, the electric touch of the now cold pants as they cling to my legs. Twice I had to stop walking and catch my breath, shuddering on the spot as my body holds back. And all this will be rewarded soon - I walk through the entrance of the park. My eyes dart to stare in every conceivable angle, looking as hard as they can for anyone who might need to be avoided. When I'm sure it's clear, I jog over to my hiding spot.

A huge willow tree at the back of the park, surrounded by bushes. You're not really meant to be behind the bushes, but who's going to know? It's the perfect spot.

I sit myself down by the tree, knees raised and hugged to my chest. I peel off my soaked shoes and throw them to one side. I check my phone for the time. 3.30 now. My drink from earlier has had a chance to go through me now, and I happily relax and let it go all the way. I feel the damp seat of my pants swell with warmth again as fresh urine pours out of me and puddles on the ground beneath me. I push myself back a little until I'm sat on the one knobbly tree-root I found as a girl. Pee runs over the root and I press my body down into it. As my second stream reaches it's end I lean back against the tree and stretch my legs out.

The fresh puddle beneath me clings to my backside, and my body keeps the warmth. I run a hand under the waistband of my trackies and shudder as my fingers touch my skin. The soaked fabric of the trackies rests on the back of my hand. I run a finger up and down, smirking and letting my head fall back. I circle my finger around my clit as I think back. The worrying at the shop, my desperate walk away from it. I let my fingers move a little faster - the material of my pants rubs against the back of my hand adding that extra level of touch. Standing at the lights, watching him and deliberately emptying my bladder into my pants...I ease a finger into myself and let out a relaxed moan.

I push my head into the tree trunk as my fingers pick up speed. The entire walk was great too - Anyone might have seen me, and now I'm panting. I was so obviously soaked, my pants were visibly ruined because I'd pee'd into them and now there's something else wet clinging to my fingers. My body begins to grow warm and I know I'm nearly done. I stretch my legs even more, splaying my toes which glisten in the moon light. My body picks itself forward from the trunk as my fingers run in and out of me. I feel body pull itself forward even further and my body begins to-

"Claire?"

Fuffffffck...!

My body tenses up and my eyes open wide - a mix of surprise and orgasm. I stare in horror at the familiar face of Summer as my body convulses in orgasm. I feel myself shout out and my eyes clench shut, face pointed towards the floor, trying to wish her out of existence. I sit on the spot grunting for a moment before I can bring myself to speak.

"S-summer?" I say, not looking up.

"Claire, claire, claire." She says, mocking me. My body is still fizzing as I bring myself to look her in the eyes. I lift the hand that isn't in my pants to wave at her. Bits of grass fall out my open palm and I realise I must have been clasping firmly at the ground.

Summer was my room-mate in my first year. She has a house-share now, but we still see each other. She's not well off as such, but she's never short of cash.

"So what - it isn't what it looks like?" She says, mocking me. She steps over my outstretched legs as if to straddle me.

"W-what..." I start, not remembering it being this hard to talk. "W-what does it look like?"

"It looks like you're masturbating under a tree." She says, pointing to my crotch. The outline of the back of my hand is very visible. Especially with the soaked pants shimmering in the light. I bring my hand out and give her the peace sign. Poor idea - I notice only too late the string of fluid between my finger tips.

"...don't tell anyone?" I ask her, hoping for the best. She smirks.

"Hey, we all need a little extra money."

"What?"

"Well, out here where noone's around, at this time of night and your phone sitting by your side." She says, pointing at it. I forgot it was there. "So are you making a private video or what?"

"P-pardon?!"

"Oh don't be coy." Say Summer, taking a seat next to me, realising her mistake and pushing herself a few inches further. "I've been selling pictures of my feet to weirdos since first year. What are you selling?"

"Selling?" I ask, still trying to figure out what planet I'm on.

"What, you're not selling videos?" She asks, frowning. "Is this actually you-"

"No no, f-for sale!" I cut in. I wish I'd thought of that...

"Ever need a camera man?" She asks, standing up. "Maybe a second model?"

Summer stands up and walks behind the large rock where I'd left my bag. She picks it up and passes it to me.

"Don't look at me like that" She says with a grin. "I can't get by on part-time pay all the time. And neither can you, wet pants. What's that one called...omowashi? omorashi?"

I blush bright red. She sees this. She smirks.

"Oh my god, this is your fetish." She says, half laughing. "Well, you've got my number. Give me a call if you ever want any extra pocket money."

And she walks off, leaving me to my now quite cold pants.

How did she know where my bag was?

