Discrete wetting

Author: Dampanties

*000*2020-02-12 03:55

Jess used to like to see visually that she'd wet herself but slowly grew in to enjoying seeing how much she could pee without anyone realising.

Its this dirty secret which led her to wear more dresses and skirts, or pee in intervals as to not flood her jeans straight away.

Jess woke up on a lazy saturday with a strong urge to pee but resisted the desire to completely wet. She went to the bathroom, pulled down her cotton grey shorts, lace panties then pissed. She didnt finish though, nearer the end she clenched herself and held the last little bit. Pulling her panties and shorts back up she sat back on the toilet and peed her last few spurts.

Jess had a feel of her dark damp crotch, then returned to her room. She removed the damp shorts but kept the wet panties on for the day ahead. It felt good not being dry.

Over her panties, Jess pulled on some black tights, little brown boots and a short cotton cream coloured dress.

She went downstairs and had breakfast with her housemate. This included a coffee and glass of water. Her urge said to drink more, but Jess knew all too well if she drank everything now, she would end up wetting herself all in one go and not be able to hold and release those orgasmic spurts in to her already damp panties throughout the day.

It got to midday and Jess was in a lecture at Uni. She had reached a point of desperation so it was time to relieve a bit. The chairs in this room had material on them luckily so could soak up a bit for her.

Pulling her dress back slightly so it wasnt under her bum she let go for all of 5 seconds. It took so much to hold back but she did. She couldnt pee more until the pee had soaked in to her tights and chair a bit. If not it might start dribbling over the edges and splashing on the floor.

Again she let go watching her tights glisten a bit before fading. Jess felt very wet and knew shed have to stop for a while despite the desperation being bad.

Luckily for her the lecture ended soon after and she pulled her dress over her wet bum as she stood whilst quickly flicking the chair up so no one would see the large dark patch it now fashioned. Taking her stuff she suggested to her friends that they should all sit out on the grass hill to eat lunch. This was her usual back up plan when she had a lot to pee out.

They sat on the hill with their lunches and Jess opened up a bottle of energy drink and took a few long gulps.

The amazing thing about the grass hill is if she sat right, then her pee wouldnt pool around her but discretely trickle down the hill through the long grass with everyone else oblivious to her saturated underwear.

She slightly pulled back her dress so she wasnt fully sat on it and just let go. It trickled out on and on as her friends sat either side of her laughing and chatting as usual. When the painful pressure was gone she clenched herself and stopped.

Hopefully the bottons of her tight legs wouldnt be too obvious when she stood up! She had more fun to planned before anyone noticed...

*004*2020-03-02 03:37

Part 2

Jess sat in the rest of lectures that afternoon feeling her legs dry. However, the need to pee only grew, and as the time went on, it got bad, and her crotch stayed damp.

Every now and then, little warm spurts would escape, reminding her of her unfinished pee and many drinks.

Leaving the last lecture of the day and standing up hit Jess bad with a sudden rush that she might pee everything right there.

A large jet of pee left her...

She stopped it with great effort, but not before a drop landed on the floor below. This might be it she thought, heading in the direction of the bathroom. Horny thoughts about letting go made it hard to control herself.

Slamming open the bathroom she ran in to a stall, but seeing the empty room gave her a crazy thought...

Instead of lifting the toilet seat up and peeing in to it, she lifted her dress, held her crotch and released a torent of pee in to her already soaking underwear. It streamed down her tights and pooled around her feet on the floor next to the toilet.

Jess couldnt help but slip her fingers in to her panties and feel herself cum.

Evaluating the mess she slipped off the drenched tights. There was no hiding the damage anymore. Putting them in a bin, she wiped her legs down with paper towel and left the bathroom before anyone came in and saw the puddle she'd left.

*005*2020-03-02 04:19

Part 3

Jess popped in to the shop on the way home to buy a pack of ciders. Her housemates had agreed to have a drinks and games evening. As she stood in the queue she felt mild satisfaction at the feeling of her soaked panties rubbing against her bare legs, with her dress only just hiding the evidence.

In a perfect world she would have stayed in them all day but it was starting to smell and didnt want to give herself away. So when she got home she showered and changed.

This time she picked some calvin klein briefs, a pair of comfy joggers and a crop t shirt.

Jess hadnt decided what her plan was for the evening but she knew she was going to hold for as long as possible and keep her pants dry. Wearing joggers could be risky, but she was at home so if something went wrong a change of clothes wasnt far away.

While making dinner she cracked open one of the ciders and the night began.

2 hours later Jess and her housemates were all sat around in the living room playing a game of ring of fire. 3 ciders down and 3 hours since her 'accident' at uni, Jess could feel her bladder calling for some relief. It took a lot not to spurt right there like she normally would. It had become such a habit to just pee a little when she felt pressure build.

Next to her pn the sofa was her housemate Ben. When he wasnt looking she shoved a finger in her crotch to hold herself. This soon followed with a casual brush of the thigh as he turned back.

The good thing about Jess' housemates was that they had seen her have a few wetting accidents while drunk and found it amusing. They of course didnt know it was normally intentional or turned her on. It would just have to stay that way.

More alcohol was drunk as the game went round, but a hilarious comment from Rose sent Jess in to a fit of giggles, only stopped by pee escaping her.

She froze and composed herself but couldnt figure out how bad the damge was without checking and being obvious. It might not have soaked through to her joggers, but for all she knew her whole bum might be wet.

*006*2020-03-09 17:54

Part 4

Jess cracked open another cider and continued on as normal. If her bum was soaked then she would have to wait it out for a while.

She was quite desperate and worried about leaking more, but getting up was too risky. Also, being drunk at this point, a part of her didnt care and just wanted to continue drinking.

Two gulps in to the new drink and a tipsy Rose piped up to suggest they went out clubbing. Everyone agreed, but it was already getting late and no one was ready. So one more drinking game was decided upon before getting dressed. Ben picked jenga. The pieces had forfeits on them.

When it came to Jess' turn her only concern was a forfeit forcing her to move. However fears were met sooner when the jenga tower was too far to reach.

This was it. She stood up slightly to pull a brick out then sat back down.

Phew. Hopefully Ben hadnt seen anything. There probably wasnt even a wet patch. It did bring her back to the desperstion though, forcing her to clench hard and recross her legs.

Jess' forfeit was just drinking more so she settled back in relieved but focusing on holding.

Bens POV

When Jess had stood up Ben was flashed the wet fabric on the bum of Jess' joggers.

She did this a lot, she would hold for too long or get tipsy and pee a bit. The thing she didnt know was that Ben liked it.

He had fanticised about watching a girl have an accident.... and then he moved in with her.

She wasnt as discreet as she might think. Maybe he had noticed more because he liked it, but it was obvious she did more laundry and would grab herself when she thought no one was looking.

Ben had to calm himself. She had been sat right next to him and peed herself a bit. From the grabbing it was clear she needed to go more. He had to think quick or he would miss her full accident. If she'd started peeing sat down there was no way she would make it to the bathroom without letting go on the way.

A sharp jolt from Jess told him she might have peed a little more.

