Cassie Needs to Go

Author: Dale Miller

*000*2021-06-07 18:46

Here's a little story I just finished today. I'm quite pleased with this one, would love to know what people think...

I first met Cassie in the summer of 2012. I was over the moon to be starting my first real job after finishing university. My confidence and extroverted personality had thus far landed me pretty much wherever I wanted to be, and now I was working as a COSHH trainer for leaf, a company who produce and provide businesses with industrial strength cleaning products. My job was to travel out to our clients and conduct training sessions on how to use the products safely and correctly.

My first week with the company was spent at their offices, learning about the range of products leaf had in their catalogue, understanding how to find information on a safety data sheet, being shown the standard way the training sessions were to be presented, and of course getting familiar with my new workspace and colleagues.

It only took me a few days to get to know everyone, and although Cassie was quite shy and reserved it was obvious that everyone thought she was the best instructor. She wasn’t a natural spokesperson, like me for instance, but her product knowledge was unmatched by anyone else in the company, and when she was in the zone she should explain absolutely anything with impeccable skill.

I wasn’t particularly attracted to her at first. Not because she wasn’t attractive, she was actually a natural beauty. Impossibly straight black hair. A beautiful olive complexion. Unforgettable eyebrows. She always dressed quite plain but was also somehow always dazzling. She was four years older than me, but didn’t look it. But because she was so introverted, it was easy sometimes to forget that she was even there. She just got on with her work and that was it.

She was a quirky character, but in subtle ways. She always ate breakfast in the office and it was always the same; Granola and Yoghurt with a black coffee. She didn’t talk much, but had a series of catchphrases that were amusing. She would say ”oh well” when faced with a mild inconvenience, but anything more troublesome than that got a “not today.” My favourite was “well done” because she said it in the same tone of voice whether it was sincere or not, so you could never quite tell whether she was being sarcastic. She may not have even known.

Our manager’s name was Andie, who was also the most incredible woman. She was a mother of three, worked her butt off all day every day but never complained and seemingly had a never ending supply of energy. One morning, at the end of my first week, she called me over to Cassie’s desk.

“Ben” Andie said to me “you know Cassie, don’t you?”

“Yeah, we’ve met” I said. Cassie gave me a half-hearted smile.

“If you feel ready, Ben, I’m going to send you to do your first presentation on Thursday. Does that sound good?” She asked me.

“Yeah” I replied “that sounds perfect.”

“Great stuff” Andie said, clapping her hands in glee before turning to Cassie. “Now Cassie, if it’s ok with you I’m going to buddy you up with Ben for his first session. Would that be alright?”

Cassie looked very unsure as she shrugged her shoulders and said “sure” whilst also shaking her head.

“Perfect” Andie said. She loved getting people hyped. “It’s somewhere you’ve been before, Cassie, it’s the Fruits De Mer sur la Jetée.”

“Oh, that one” said Cassie, she turned to me and and talked directly to me for the first time “It’s a really expensive restaurant and everyone who eats there is always overdressed for the occasion. In summary.”

“Can I leave it with you guys to sort out?” Andie said “I think you two will work well together.”

“Ok” I said “We’ve got it, I think.”

“Great” Andie said “Thanks guys.”

Andie returned to her office, leaving Cassie and I alone together.

“Mind if I sit down?” I asked.

“You might as well” Cassie replied.

I didn’t learn much about her in that half an hour or so we spent together that day, but I did get a first hand experience of how good her work ethic was. I was enthusiastic about the idea of a 160 mile round trip together, as I really wanted the opportunity to bond with her. I agreed to drive, I would need to get used to long journeys after all. The session was at eleven in the morning, so we had to set off quite early.

Thursday came around, and I turned up at the office in the morning to collect my work laptop, the forms that needed signing, and the correct bottles for all the chemicals the staff would need training on. Cassie was already there when I arrived, eating her usual breakfast and drinking her coffee. When it was time to go, she rushed what was left of her food and drink, grabbed her bag and headed towards the door where I was waiting.

“All set?” I asked.

“I think so, yep” she replied.

She seemed nervous, and I didn’t know why at the time. It was explained to me much later that she grew up in a toxic household, where she was emotionally and sometimes physically abused by her father and older brother. So one can understand why she was weary of spending time with men, especially ones she didn’t really know. And being the very tall and very stocky man that I was, it must have been doubly intimidating for her.

None the less, she had been asked to work with me and she always prioritised her job. If I had to guess, there was a lot of internal conflict going in. Her fear of being abused was at odds with her fear of letting her employer down.

I didn’t need to know this at the time, because there’s no way I would ever have tried to do anything to her. In hindsight, however, it does make me think about that day very differently in hindsight.

Cassie, it seems, was intent on spending the whole journey in complete silence. I half expected her to sit by herself in the back of the car, but to my surprise she did get in the front passenger seat. We didn’t speak for the first few minutes, I just drove while she looked at her phone.

We didn’t plan on making any stops, and it was a baking hot day so we were both taking sips from bottles of water. I was dressed in a suit and tie, as was the standard, but had removed my suit jacket. Despite the heat, Cassie kept her’s on. That was part of her standard attire, along with a white blouse, a short black skirt and clear tights.

While she definitely seemed a little bit uncomfortable when we first set off, she started to relax once we got going. Maybe she was starting to trust me already. She definitely hadn’t warmed to me yet, but I was determined to form some kind of bond with her. I was going to have to revert to small talk…

“So, how long have you worked for leaf?” I asked.

She took a few seconds to answer, she made a point of locking her phone and putting it away.

“Just a few weeks shy of two years” she said.

“Ok” I said “And is it what you always wanted to do?”

She sniggered. “This isn’t what anyone wants to do. What ten year old wants to visit dozens of staff rooms every year and literally have to tell people not to drink dangerous chemicals?”

I laughed. She was right after all.

“Fair enough” I said “What did you want to do?”

“Earn a living” she said.

“Smart” I said.

“I know I am” she replied.

It felt like we were making progress. We went on to talk about her interests, and my interests, she loosened up the more we spoke. We found common ground in making fun of some of our colleagues, I heard her properly laugh for the first time, and she started giving me pointers on how to perform well in our line of work. Finally, she gave in and removed her suit jacket. I had gained her trust.

However, I couldn’t help but notice something was still wrong. She was shifting uncomfortably in her seat, and pressing her legs together. I didn’t say anything, but I thought I knew what was up. In part, because I was having similar problems. We were fifty minutes in to the journey, with another two hours to go, and I was starting to feel the need to pee. It wasn’t urgent yet, however the way Cassie was squirming, and the fact she had stopped sipping her water, it may have already started to become desperate by then.

And then we hit traffic. Everyone was being diverted off the motorway because of an accident. It goes without saying, but this was bad news.

“Do you know what I regret?” Cassie said, when we discovered the bad news.

“Go on” I said.

“Not using the toilet before we left” she replied “Oh well.”

I knew this, of course, but her saying it loud felt like a moment. I doubt that she was this open with people usually.

As we slowed down to a snail’s pace, I became increasingly concerned. Firstly, we definitely were not going to make it to the restaurant in time. I was concerned for Cassie, of course, but truthfully I was also worried she was going to pee all over the car seat.

Another fifty minutes passed. By this point, I also really needed to pee. Cassie was now sitting with her feet on the chair and her knees pressed against her body. She had taken her shoes off, which surprised me as I had never seen her do that before. Through her tights, I could see how immaculate her feet were. She kept her toes natural, not painted, and yet they looked absolutely stunning. Another part of her that was beautiful without her even trying.

The conversation stopped dead for some time, we were both suffering and both focussing really hard on not wetting ourselves. To take her mind off it for a little while, Cassie phoned ahead to the restaurant and told them we were running late. We were able to reschedule the training session for three o’clock that day. That killed less than ten minutes. It was time to address the subject again.

“Are you alright?” I asked, knowing the answer.

“No” she said, bluntly “I’m not kidding, I really have to go.”

“What do you want me to do?” I asked.

“What do you mean?” She replied.

“I don’t know” I said, I honestly didn’t “Do you want me to see if I can stop somewhere?”

She thought about it for a second.

“I’m just going to have to hold it.”

“For how long, though?” I asked “To be honest, I really have to go as well.”

I thought this might make her feel a bit less embarrassed.

“We can make it” she said, sounding less than confident.

We eventually got back on track, after being diverted, and the traffic was moving again. We were still a long way from our destination, however.

“I’ll find somewhere to stop, ok?” I said.

Cassie didn’t say anything, she just nodded. I looked over at her and she had a look of sheer panic on her face as if she were about to start laughing or crying or both. It was then I noticed the wet patch that had appeared in front of her on the seat.

I pretended not to notice that Cassie had wet herself at first, however it was hard to keep pretending when she was drawing so much attention to it. She was squirming like crazy, like a fish flopping on dry land, and her moans were hard to ignore. Another spurt escaped her, only this time we made eye contact when it happened.

She put her hand to her mouth, and started laughing nervously.

“I’m so sorry” she said “Oh my god. This never happens to me.”

I smiled sweetly at her. I wasn’t happy about what she’d done, but I wasn’t about to tell her that.

“Don’t worry” I said “It’s not your fault.”

“Oh shit! Not today!” She cried, as she peed on the car seat even more “I can’t hold it, I’m sorry.”

“What about one of the bottles?” I asked, looking at the bag on the back seat.

“Anything will do” she said “It’s gonna happen no matter what.”

She unbuckled her car seat as she reached over and grabbed one of the empty chemical bottles from the back. She was holding on to her crotch tightly. I was still desperately looking for a place to stop the car.

She returned to her seat with a bottle that is supposed to be filled with our glass cleaner, Cassie was about to try and fill it with something else. She looked at it for a second, clearly trying to figure out how she was going to do this. She started pulling down her tights and her underwear, and was discreetly trying to lift up her skirt without me seeing anything. Without intending to, however, I briefly saw her bush.

“Don’t look!” She said, catching my eye.

“Sorry!” I replied. I had made her nervous.

“Come on, come on…” she was saying to herself, she was holding the bottle in position but nothing was happening “you were literally peeing a minute ago, just pee!”

Then a burst of pee fired out like a water pistol. I saw the whole thing. She could only manage a few seconds, but it was enough to make a mess. Very little made it into the bottle. Some of it was on her legs, some more was on the seat, most of it ended up on the dashboard.

“Shit!” She cried, pushing out a little more.

For a few seconds, she was successfully aiming the stream inside the bottle, I could hear it filling up. The sound was making me crazy. It wasn’t long, however, before she was peeing on the seat again.

“I can’t do it” she said.

She put the spray top back on the bottle and threw it on the back seat. She didn’t bother pulling her panties and tights back up, so the pee was going to go everywhere once she could no longer hold it back. She was writhing and moaning again like she was in real pain.

“That just made it worse” she said. I think she had forgotten that I also had to pee, but it seemed unfair to bring it up.

“Stop the car here” she said, as we were approaching a lay-by “I’m gonna piss myself!”

I did as she asked and pulled over safely, she was already opening the door before we had even stopped. With her bottom half still exposed, she waddled over to the rail and squatted over it. She let go, and a tidal wave of pee came out in full force. She gasped loudly as it happened. She was not obscured, passing traffic would have seen her with no trouble, but she didn’t’ seem to care. I was no longer trying not to look, I watched the whole show. She didn’t seem to care about that either.

She was still going when I stepped out of the car to join her. I stood about three feet from where she was peeing, unbuckled, whipped it out and started peeing over the rail. It would have felt amazing under any circumstances, but somehow this felt like a huge bonding moment. Like it was something we had overcome together.

Once we had both relieved ourselves, and put our pants back on we could do nothing but laugh. Our streams had mingled together on the pavement beneath our feet.

“Let’s not tell anyone about this” I suggested.

“Oh, hell no” she agreed.

We got back in the car and continued on our way.

It feels great to relive this story all these years later. As I sit here writing this, Cassie is curled up asleep next to me on the sofa after having put our son to bed for the night.

