Urban Horror

Author: Ducklett00

*000*2016-06-04 03:18

Kept you waiting, huh?

If memory serves correctly I stumbled long ago in this site on a comment that there is very little fear wetting or not enough fear wetting or something like that. Anyway, my brains immediately started to plan fear wetting story and after months of planning and browsing the internet I came up with this story. It has 4 chapters, I randomly chose names for the persons in this story.

Chapter 1

Reika Fushimi was about to fall asleep when bell rang and she startled, everyone packed their books into their shoulder bags and left the class. Reika collected her books and threw them in her bag, stood up and walked out of the class. Corridor was crowded since everyone was asking from each others what they were going to do at the weekend. Reika walked down the corridor, few girls wished her a good weekend. Reika stopped in front of the door, opened it and entered the room. It was girls' bathroom, there was three cubicles on the right side of the room and several sinks on the left.

Above the sinks was long mirror. There was no one else in the bathroom, she was supposed to meet there with her friends but looked like they haven't arrived yet. Reika walked to the mirror and looked her reflection. She had long red hair and blue eyes, she was also pretty tall. She was wearing standard school uniform, black blouse and pleated skirt. Door opened and Reika turned to look who came in. Comer was short, had brown hair tied to ponytail and round glasses. Yasuko Kashima was one of the friends Reika was supposed to meet in there, she was also Reika's best friend.

"Have you been waiting long?" Yasuko asked.

"No, maybe a minute" Reika answered.

"I bet that we have to wait for Erika and Haruna for at least ten minutes" Yasuko said.

"We always have to wait that long" Reika blurted and leaned against the wall.

Yasuko opened her bag, took book from there and started reading it while walking back and forth.

Bathroom's door opened and girl walked in. Girl had very long black hair, flawless skin and gorgeous body. Erika Akasaki was everyone's dream girl. Erika was followed by another girl, she was short, had short blonde hair and big green eyes. Many people said that she was Erika's sidekick, her underling but she really was her good friend who carried Erika's and her own bag. She also followed her to everywhere and took notes. Haruna Coda was her name and she was at the moment writing something in her notebook.

"What's up, bitches?!" Erika asked.

Erika had arrogant and irritating personality but in essence she was reliable and a good friend.

"We were supposed to meet ten minutes ago" Reika answered.

"It's not my fault that everyone wanted to wish me a good weekend" Erika said.

"You could say to them that you're busy and can't talk right now" Reika said.

"Are you dumb, I can't do that! Besides Yasuko isn't here"

"I'm here" Yasuko answered and walked out from the cubicle.

"What were you doing in there bitch?"

"I needed to use the toilet, what else would I be doing in there?" Yasuko walked to sink and washed her hands.

"I don't know, masturbate?" Erika snarled.

"You're such a bitch sometimes" Yasuko said smile on her face.

"Hey, fuck you bitch! Anyway I don't want to talk about Yasuko's dirty habits. What are you gals doing this weekend?"

"Well, we celebrate Yasuko's birthday tonight" Reika answered.

"You have a birthday! And you haven't told me about it!" Erika said while looking at Yasuko.

"We told you yesterday"

Erika looked confused, she looked at Haruna who turned page on her notebook.

"Oh yeah, here it is" Haruna said.

"Idiot, you're supposed to tell me about my schedule" Erika said.

"Sorry"

"Anyway congrats, how old are you?" Erika asked.

"She is 20, just like rest of us" Reika said little frustrated.

"How are you going to celebrate?"

"We haven't decided yet, that's why I wanted to meet in here. Do you have any ideas?"

"Oh yes, I have an idea. Let's meet at sunset in the old Shinto shrine" Erika answered with smile on her face.

After that she turned around and left the room, Haruna followed her. Yasuko looked at Reika.

"Why I get the feeling that this might be a bad idea" Yasuko said.

"Aren't they always when Erika suggest something?" Reika blurted.

They burst into laughter and left the room.

Old Shinto shrine was located within walking distance outside Tokyo. It had been there for centuries but nowadays it was rotten because nobody hasn't refurbished it. Still few people visited there from time to time but despite of that many people thought, that it would be a waste of construction material and time to refurbish it. It was sunset when Reika and Yasuko arrived there. Reika was dressed in denim shorts and black t-shirt, Yasuko was wearing blue dress and shawl. Reika and Yasuko entered the building, hinges creaked when they opened the door. Erika and Haruna were already waiting there. Erika had black skirt and black strapless top, Haruna was dressed in brown pants and white tank top.

"Finally, we've been waiting forever" Erika said.

"So, what are we doing here?" Reika ignored Erika's sentence.

"We celebrate of course" Erika answered.

"In here?" Yasuko said.

"Duh! Of course in here" Erika answered.

Haruna let out short laughter.

"I don't think it's a good idea" Reika said.

"Fuck you, it's a brilliant idea. Don't be such a wimp" Erika said.

She walked to her bag and took few beverage can from there, she tossed one to each one and took one for herself. Reika looked at the beverage can, it was beer. Everyone opened their beer can but Reika didn't, she was still hesitating.

"I still think that this is..." Reika said.

"Don't be such a wimp" Yasuko interrupted her and took a long sip from beer can.

Reika looked at Yasuko for a moment, opened the beer can and took a sip.

Yasuko was talking with Haruna and Erika was outside peeing, Reika was sitting at the bench and was looking at the shrine. Erika came back in, walked to Reika and sat down next to her.

"You still think that this was bad idea?" Erika asked.

Reika turned her head so she could see Yasuko.

"Important thing is that Yasuko is happy, it's her birthday" Reika answered.

Erika turned her head also and looked at Yasuko.

"She looks happy" Erika blurted.

Yasuko and Haruna burst into laughter, laughed for a while and then walked to Reika and Erika. They were both little drunk. Reika had drank one beer and Erika had several but she was sober.

"Do you still have beer?" Yasuko asked.

Erika looked in her bag and shook her head, Haruna let out short sigh with disappointment. Erika picked up cigarette pack from bag and took cigarette from it.

"Wait, are you going to smoke in here?" Reika asked.

"Yeah" Erika answered.

Erika took lighter from her bag and lit the cigarette. She put lighter back in her bag and while doing that cigarette fell to the floor.

"Shit!" she cursed.

Floor caught fire and it started to spread fast.

"Oh shit, run!" Erika yelled.

They quickly ran outside and turned around to look at the building, it was fully in flames and building started to collapse.

"Let's get out of here!" Erika yelled.

"Shouldn't we call fire department?" Haruna asked.

"Do what you want, I'm outta here" Erika answered, turned around and ran away.

Haruna, Reika and Yasuko glanced each other, then turned around and ran into different directions.

Next morning Reika woke up tired, last evening's events were still going through her head. She got up, yawned and walked out of her room. She walked down the corridor to the end. On her left was doorway to the kitchen and living room, in front of her was front door and on her right was bathroom door. Reika entered the bathroom and closed the door behind her. She locked it and walked to the toilet, pulled down her white panties and sat down. She relaxed and emptied her bladder. Reika wiped herself clean with toilet paper, pulled up panties and flushed the toilet. She washed her hands and left the room. Reika walked to the kitchen, living room and kitchen were in the same room. Reika made coffee and sat down to couch, her laptop was on the coffee table.

She turned it on and opened web browser. Reika typed news web address and took a sip from coffee cup while waiting page to open. Page opened and Reika spat coffee from her mouth, first headline was: Old Shinto shrine burned near Tokyo, one casualty. Reika quickly opened the article and read it. Victim was little girl whose body was found from the building's backroom, her friends said that they were playing hide and seek when building suddenly was burning. Finally there was mentioned that police is investigating incident. Reika drank rest of the coffee and hastened to her room. She took cellphone from the desk and typed: Meeting at coffee shop, ASAP! then she sent it to Yasuko, Erika and Haruna. Reika put on same clothes she had last evening and put cellphone in her pocket, hurried to the front door and left her apartment.

Coffee shop was few blocks away from Reika's apartment. Erika, Yasuko and Haruna also lived nearby. When Reika arrived to the coffee shop, all three were already there. Reika walked to the table where they were sitting and sat next to Yasuko. Erika was wearing blue jeans and black tank top, Yasuko had blue t-shirt and pink skirt. Haruna was dressed in black dress.

"What was so important that we have to meet immediately?" Erika asked.

"Haven't you seen the news?" Reika asked.

"I don't read news" Erika answered.

Reika looked at Yasuko and Haruna but they both shook their head.

"It was on the news, the fire. There was one casualty" Reika whispered.

Erika opened her mouth but no single word came out, she looked pale. Yasuko and Haruna looked like they were about to burst into tears.

"Who...who was the victim?" Erika was able to ask.

"Little girl, there was no mention how old she was" Reika answered.

Haruna stood up and hurried towards the bathrooms, holding her hand in front of her mouth.

"Why did she drank so much if she can't handle it?" Erika muttered while looking at Haruna.

"Don't you understand? you killed a little girl!" Reika said.

"Don't blame me, we're all in this together" Erika snarled.

"You're the one who started smoking in there" Yasuko said.

"You could've stop me" Erika answered.

"Wasn't it enough to desecrate that place by drinking? you had to smoke in there as well" Reika said.

"Hey fuck you!" Erika snarled.

"No, fuck you!" Reika yelled.

"I'm not gonna listen to this" Erika said and stood up.

"I'm going shopping" she continued and walked away.

"She is such a bitch" Yasuko said.

"Indeed" Reika stated.

Haruna came back and sat down, she still looked little nausea.

"Where is Erika" she asked.

"She went shopping" Yasuko answered.

"So what do we do?" Haruna asked.

"We talk to police" Yasuko suggested.

"No, maybe it's better that we just forget it" Reika said.

She glanced Yasuko and Haruna, they both nodded their head.

It was sunset and Erika was on her way to her apartment, she had spent whole day shopping but she didn't bought any clothes. She had only bought cup of coffee and big cup of lemonade. She started to regret it, since there was still long way to walk to her apartment and she started to feel strong urge to go to the bathroom. Erika tried to walk normally but from time to time she had to put her hands between her legs. Luckily that part of city wasn't crowded like downtown and at this hour there wasn't anyone outside anymore. Erika stopped in the middle of intersection, she was still two blocks away from her apartment and she was almost at her limit. She crossed her legs, put her hands between her legs and bend her knees.

"I should've use the bathroom when I had a chance" Erika muttered.

She bounced few times and stomped the ground, pressure in her bladder eased a little and she was able to stand normally. She started walking but stopped after few steps, air around her felt oppressive and somehow dense. She started walking again but stopped, there was something on the hill that was on her left side. She didn't hear it, she felt it. Erika looked in that direction, on the hill in the middle of the road was standing a little girl. Girl had red dress and long black hair, Erika couldn't see her face from that far away. Erika smiled nervously to the girl and continued walking. She had taken only few steps when she heard something, it sounded like gust but there wasn't any wind. Erika turned around, that girl she had just seen was standing where she had been standing, how did she get there so fast?

"Hello?" Erika said cautiously.

Girl didn't say anything, she was just standing there looking at the ground. Erika still couldn't see girl's face, because girl's hair was covering it.

"Are you okay?"

Girl didn't answer, she was just standing like a statue. What was that awful smell? like something had burned. Suddenly girl raised her gaze, Erika was now able to see her face. It was completely burned and disfigured. Girl's eyes were glowing red. Erika took a step backward and when she blinked her eyes, girl had suddenly appeared right in front of her. Erika stumbled on her own legs and fell on her bottom.

"What the fuck?!" She quickly stood up, turned around and ran.

After running half a block she glanced behind, girl had disappeared. Erika didn't stop, she continued running. Soon she reached her apartment, she quickly took key from her pocket, opened the door and went inside. She stood in small hallway, Erika turned around to make sure that the door was locked.

"It was your fault" it was barely a whisper but sounded like it was shouted to her.

Erika gasped heavily and turned around, there wasn't anyone in the hallway but Erika was sure it had been little girl's voice. She was slightly scared and didn't realize that warm liquid was running down her legs into her shoes and to the floor while she looked around. Little by little she was able to calm down, there wasn't anyone else in the hallway. Erika took a step towards bathroom door that was on her right but stopped and looked down. Her jeans were soaking wet from crotch to all the way down, it also felt like her bottom was wet. Only sides of her jeans were dry. Shoes were full of warm liquid and there was enormous dark patch on the carpet.

"Eww what is this?"

It took Erika awhile to realize that she didn't need to use the bathroom anymore.

"Gross!"

Erika took off her shoes and walked to the bathroom, she kept her legs outstretched and walked on her toes.

Yasuko was in panic, she could swear that some woman was following her. Ever since she left the coffee shop, she have had the feeling that someone was following her. She had been walking around the neighbouring area whole evening. She couldn't stop thinking about the little girl they had killed or rather Erika had, it was her fault. Few moments ago she had definitely seen that someone disappeared in the shadows when she looked behind, that's when she started running.

After running couple blocks she felt like she wasn't able to run anymore but she kept on running. Occasionally she glanced behind and saw a glimpse of someone standing in the shadows, definitely a woman. Finally after running few more blocks, she was at her apartment. Yasuko was so panicked that she dropped her keys first but was able to open the door eventually. Yasuko locked the door and walked to the living room on her left and looked out from the window, she didn't see anyone outside. Yasuko pulled curtains to cover the window and sighed in relieve, she walked across the room to bedroom.

Bed was on the right side of the room and on the left was wardrobe and desk, on the desk was laptop. Yasuko sat on the chair and turned on the laptop, she opened web browser and typed news web address. Yasuko gasped as she looked at the first headline, Shrine fire's victim had been 8 year old. Yasuko turned off the laptop, she wanted to cry but she knew that it wouldn't help. There wasn't anything she could do to bring that girl back. Yasuko was tired and decided to go to bed. She took off her clothes and walked to living room, she wanted to visit bathroom before going to bed.

She was halfway through living room when she heard a noise, it was coming from the window. Yasuko didn't want to go near the window only wearing orange bra and panties but sounded like someone was knocking the window. She walked to the window and peeked from between curtains, she didn't see anyone. Then without warning a woman appeared outside the window and was staring Yasuko. Woman was tall, she had black hair and she was wearing surgery mask and long white dress. Yasuko shrieked, stumbled while running to the bathroom wich was opposite front door. She locked the bathroom door and fell on her bottom when something hit the door hard.

"Go away, leave me alone!" Yasuko yelled while she backed away until she hit the wall.

Something hit the door again and sounded like someone was scratching the door.

"Stop it!" Yasuko was trembling in fear.

Yasuko looked down confused, she had suddenly felt odd feeling spreading at her crotch. Urine was gushing through her panties and formed a slowly growing puddle under her bottom. There she was sitting next to the toilet and wetting herself in fear, she was so afraid that she only felt slightly embarrassed. Yasuko didn't notice that scratching had stopped because her brains still tried to fully understand what had happened.

Reika woke up screaming, she sat up and breathed fast. She was sweating and trembling in fear. She had seen so many nightmares during night, problem was that she had no memory of what had happened in them but she had never been so afraid. Reika looked at the clock on the wall, it was almost noon. Reika was about to stand up when she felt it, her bed was soaking wet. She kicked quilt away, bedsheet was almost completely soaked in urine. Reika's panties were like they had been under water. Judging by the size of wet patch on the bedsheet and her soaking wet panties, she probably had at least couple accidents during night. Reika stood up and removed bedsheet, it would take awhile before mattress would be dry. Reika walked out of her room and went to the bathroom. She put bedsheet into the washing machine, removed her panties and bra and put them in the washing machine as well.

After taking a long shower she returned to her room and took clean clothes from wardrobe. Red panties and bra, dark blue jeans and black t-shirt. Reika got dressed and walked to the desk, she took her mobile phone and checked it. She had received a message, it was from Erika: Tennis today in school gymnasium at 7PM bitch. Reika typed: I hope you're ready to lose! and sent it to Erika. Soon she received a message from Erika: Only in your dreams. Reika smiled and walked to the kitchen. She made coffee and sat down to couch, took laptop from the coffee table and turned it on. She quickly checked news, there wasn't anything new. Reika took a sip from cup and decided to browse around the internet just for fun.

When Reika arrived to girls' locker room it was empty, she knew that Erika and Haruna were always late. While waiting she changed her clothes to sportswear, gray shorts and gray sleeveless shirt. Locker room's door opened when she was putting on shoes, Erika and Haruna walked in. Erika had blue tank top and black jeans. Haruna was wearing light blue jeans and pink t-shirt.

"Where is Yasuko?" Erika asked immediately.

"Probably on her way" Reika answered.

"Call her"

Erika and Haruna began to change their clothes, Reika took her phone from locker and chose Yasuko's number from it.

"No answer" Reika said after a while, she put phone back to the locker.

"Well let's go, get ready to lose Reika!" Erika said and took tennis racket from sport bag.

"Only in your dreams" Reika smirked and took her tennis racket from her bag.

Erika and Haruna both had black shorts and black t-shirt, they left the locker room first and Reika followed them. It wasn't Yasuko's style to be late, she was always on time. Reika prayed that Yasuko was alright.

Yasuko was still feeling dirty, even after taking couple showers. She woke up in the morning sitting on puddle of her own urine, she had been so scared last night that she didn't dare to leave the bathroom. Yasuko cursed while running down the street, she had been hiding in the bathroom whole day and had noticed Erika's message few minutes ago. She had quickly collected her sportswear and tennis racket and was now on her way to the school. She hoped that Erika and Haruna were late as usual. She was couple blocks away from school when her mobile phone started ringing. She took phone from her pocket without stopping and looked it, caller was Reika. She was about to answer when someone appeared in front of her from the shadows and Yasuko stopped like she had ran to the wall. Phone fell from her hand and she took few steps backward when she realized who was standing in front of her, same woman who had been outside her apartment last night.

"What do you want?" Yasuko asked.

"Am I beautiful?" woman asked.

This woman was obviously crazy.

"Yes" Yasuko answered.

Woman slowly removed surgery mask.

"How about now?"

Yasuko gasped and backed away.

"Yes" Yasuko answered, she wanted to look away.

Woman approached Yasuko and soon Yasuko's screams echoed in the night.

"You lost!" Erika said.

Reika sat on the floor and panted.

"You were lucky this time" Reika answered.

They were at the gymnasium, Reika and Erika had just played tennis match and Reika had lost clearly.

"Your turn Haruna" Reika said and stood up.

"Giving up?" Erika smiled.

"No, I just have to use the bathroom and I try to call Yasuko again" Reika answered and walked towards the stairs that led to the locker room.

"Hurry up bitch"

"Fuck you" Reika blurted.

"I was talking to Haruna!"

"Well, fuck you anyway"

Reika ascended the stairs and went to the locker room, she walked to the locker where her belongings were. She took her phone and chose Yasuko's number. After couple seconds Reika heard mobile phone ringing and it was coming from the locker room. Reika looked around, it seemed like phone was ringing in the area where showers were. She walked to the end of the room, there was short corridor that led to the shower area.

"Yasuko?"

Reika peeked in the shower area. Yasuko was sitting on the floor, she had blue dress. She was looking at the wall. Reika disconnected call.

"Yasuko, are you alright?"

"Do you think I'm beautiful?" Yasuko asked.

"What?" Reika walked closer.

"Am I beautiful?"

"Well yes, I think you are beautiful"

"How about now?" Yasuko turned her head.

Reika shrieked and stumbled backward. Yasuko's face was mutilated, her mouth was slit from ear to ear. Blood was gushing from her mouth, there was huge pool of blood in front of Yasuko.

"Oh god! What have you done?!" Reika fell on her bottom and she dropped her phone.

"She made me beautiful" Yasuko said.

"Who? What are you talking about?"

"It hurts but now I'm beautiful" Yasuko spat blood from her mouth.

Yasuko slowly stood up and turned to face Reika.

"I make you beautiful too" Yasuko said and slowly walked towards Reika.

Reika now noticed bloody scissors that Yasuko was holding in her right hand.

"No! Stop!"

What ever had happened to Yasuko, it had pushed her over the edge. Reika watched in horror as her best friend approached her.

"Yasuko stop! let me call for help"

But Yasuko wasn't listening, Reika stood up and ran.

"Don't leave me!" Yasuko said.

Reika ran to the locker where Erika's and Haruna's belongings were, she searched their bags but couldn't find their phones.

"Reika?" Yasuko's voice was different, she sounded scared.

Reika opened other locker and hid in it, it was large enough for her.

"I thought you were my friend, you were my best friend" Yasuko said while she slowly walked around the room.

Yasuko's voice and words were heartbreaking.

"I wanted to make you beautiful" Yasuko was close to Reika's hiding place.

Reika slapped her hand over her mouth and tried not to scream, tears were running down her cheeks. Yasuko stopped in front of Reika's hiding place. Reika could see Yasuko from small air hole, she was pale. Suddenly Reika heard loud pitter-patter and something was splashing on her legs, she looked down in horror. Steady stream of urine was gushing from her crotch and partly ran down her left leg. Reika couldn't believe it, she was actually so scared of her best friend, that she was wetting herself in fear.

"Reika? I'm scared" Yasuko was walking again but she was moving even slower than before.

Reika didn't know how long she was hiding there but it felt like an eternity, she didn't hear Yasuko anymore. Reika opened locker and stepped out. She heard girl's laugh and it was coming from the locker where she had just been, Reika turned around. Little girl in red dress was standing in the locker, she had long black hair and her skin was burned and disfigured, girl was laughing. Reika stepped backward, slipped on blood trail and fell on her back. Girl laughed more and then she suddenly vanished. Reika was breathing fast, she sat up and looked around to see where girl had gone. When she looked on her left she saw Yasuko laying on the floor next to her. Reika screamed and backed away, soon she realized that Yasuko wasn't moving.

"Yasuko?"

Reika slowly stood up, her legs were trembling and she was barely able to stand. Reika circled around Yasuko and when she saw Yasuko's face, she knew that she was dead. Yasuko's eyes were wide open and just staring.

"Finally, what took you so long?" Erika said when Reika walked to gymnasium.

Reika didn't listen, she leaned against the wall and tried to find strength to talk.

"What's wrong?" Haruna asked.

"Yasuko..." Reika was able to answer.

"Where is that bitch?" Erika said.

"Yasuko...s...she...she's...she's dead"

"What! How? When?" Haruna asked.

"She's in the locker room, she...she did something to herself" Reika answered.

Haruna walked towards the stairs but Reika stopped her.

"No, don't go in there. We...we have to call the police, Erika where is your phone?"

"It's behind you on the floor" Erika answered.

"Haruna call the police, I can't..." Reika said before she collapsed on the floor, exhausted from grief.

"Help her! I call the police" Haruna said and ran to the phone.

Erika ran to Reika and kneeled beside her but didn't know what to do.

End of Chapter 1

I'll wait few days and then post the Chapter 2.
