No toilet challenge ;)

Author: Darkspot9

*000*2023-09-10 23:30

Chapter 1 - The morning

So I've been seeing this challenge on the internet recently where you don't use the bathroom for 24 hours and see if you can hold it ALL DAY. Now obviously, most people fail (much to my joy) and I've actually seen my college roommate attempt it. She survived most of the morning but by noon she couldn't hold it and came back from a lecture soaked. She was very embarrassed, and while I was there for her, I just wish I was there when it happened... Anyway, she's going to see her parents for the next few days, which left me the perfect opportunity to try it myself. Little did I know just how eventful this would turn out to be...

@@Now, I actually decided to prepare before this, and before I went to bed I made sure to drink about a litre of water, so I would either wake up to wet sheets, or do it while I was awake. Feeling extremely naughty about the fact I was a 19 year old about to wet the bed, I went to sleep that might and some up to a strange feeling. A feeling of warmth was on my crotch, and a tingling slowly spreading down my legs. I pulled the sheets away and saw a rather larger sized wet spot growing on my tight Panama bottoms. I quickly realised what was going on and gasped before tending down below. In complete shock at what had just happened, I stood up and looked at me alarm clock that read "2:36 am" . I saddled to the bathroom and only when I stared at the toilet did I remember about the challenge. I stopped where I was, still desperate to pee and smiled. I realised how much pressure had just lifted off my shoulders and another spurt of pee entered my panties. I quickly stopped it whilst biting my lip. I felt the pre roll down my thighs and drop out the bottom of my pyjamas. I walked back to bed and paid down on the little wet spot I had made and took in what was about to happen. I heavily breathed in and let out a huge sigh as the pee gently simmered into my underwear. I moaned a little as it happened. And as it finally came to a stop, I fell asleep knowing that the challenge had begun.....

@@I woke up the next morning feeling really moist. I checked to see if it wasn't just some glorious dream, and it wasn't. My pyjamas were just as soaked as I remembered them and after paying there for a while just taking in what I had done, I felt another urge to pee. I pushed my hand into my crotch and released a small spurt, which rewet my pyjama bottoms. I stared at the toilet across the ball from me and once again, I got the refreshing realisation that I didn't have to use the bathroom and once I felt desperate enough, I pulled the covers to the side and scared at my crotch as the now crying wet spot glimmered and I was reminded of the fun I had had just a few hours earlier. I was the wet spot grow round my crotch, waist and thighs and felt an almost orgasmic release. A few minutes after I had stopped peeing, I stood up out of my bed and stared at the humongous wet patch on my bed. Feeling rather proud of my creation I smiled and looked down at my tight, grey pyjamas and peeled them off my body. I went across the hall to put them in my washing machine and went to peel off my white panties too, but then I came up with my own separate twist on this challenge. The Lee just looked so elegant on my tight, now slightly transparent panties and I decided that not only was I not gonna use the bathroom, I wasn't gonna change my panties either. I giggled at the thought of it and said to myself in the mirror "you are so bad..."

@@Luckily I had nothing planned for that day, so I decided to just dedicate it to fun 😉 For breakfast I had cereal and three glasses of water. I then did some bladder exercises before having ano huge cup of coffee. I already felt it. The desperation in my bladder got hard and the fact my panties were already wet, didn't help... I saw the clouds outside were looking pretty angry and I decided to take advantage of that. I put on some light grey leggings and the moment I stepped outside, a huge fish of Lee ran down my leg. Completely out of my control. I was very shocked by this but also very exilerated. Luckily for me, no one saw, and it it started raining. My body really started feeling it now and I decided I'd go as far as I could before peeing myself. I ran for about 10 minutes before I already had to stop to put my hands between my legs as another spurt of pee bursted out. It was only lightly raining so the wet spot still looked pretty out of place, which she was hoping would change soon. She ran a little while longer before she turned into a covered alley and released another huge spurt of pee. This time, it did a lot of damage and it actually made a tennis ball sized puddle on the floor. I still couldn't believe I was going to piss myself in public, but if I was going to do it now would be the time. I looked out at the rain which had now intensified and though " now is my moment". But before I could even start walking, I felt my thighs warming and a slight hissing sound. I looked down to see my absolutely soaking my leggings and immediately sprinted into the rain. For a moment I just stood there, and enjoyed the warmth running down my legs, as the freezing cold rain soaked the rest of my body. When I was done, it felt less pleasant. But I didn't head back, I kept going. There was a bigger reason I went out today. I wanted to get something that might help with my little "operation". I continued running until I reached the pharmacy and picked up what I needed before heading back. The rain had actually stopped soon after it started and the sun came out which helped dry my leggings. When I got back to the apartment building, I pushed and another huge spurt came out, which wrapped its way around my legs in the glistening sun. Ahhh... Today was the perfect day.

When I entered the building, I saw someone at the desk who asked me if I wanted to check in, I smiled and said yes but he looked at me weirdly. He just kept staring at my crotch and I couldn't tell why. I originally thought it was creepy it was only when I saw my reflection in the elevator did I realise that the sun had dried my leggings enough to be able to tell about my most recent wetting. I freaked out in that elevator, and then in that moment, I felt something change in my stomach... Something just felt weirder and then it gurgled. I quickly got distracted from my shame though as I pulled out of my bad a box of saline laxatives.....

