In which a stakeout drags on a little too long (SW: Rogue One fic)

Author: duchessofwasps

*000*2023-11-29 05:45

Hello again! I'm happy some of y'all liked my first work, it's always so nerve-wracking to put stories out into the internet void but it makes me happy when people enjoy them.

Both male and female desperation in this one. The male is more prominent and becomes more the focus after about halfway through. I get the vibe that isn't as popular here, but the brain does what it does lol. Desperate Jyn Erso and desperate Cassian Andor are equally catnip to me so I expect there'll be more of both of them in the future. As always, this work set in a universe where the RO characters survive the movie (and Jyn and Cass are romantically/sexually involved). I'm hoping it can stand on its own as well.

If you enjoy it please let me know, I hoard comments like a dragon 💚

###

Usually, Cassian would say that his favorite place in the galaxy is beside Jyn, no matter where that might be. Today, though… that might not be quite true.

Corellia’s sun is slowly setting and they’re stuck on reconnaissance, lying side by side to watch the back entrance of a bar suspected to be a front for a local crime lord. It’s been hours, and so far there’s been nothing to see. There’s a cold wind at their backs, a light rain that comes in gales from time to time, and (much to Jyn’s complaining) they don’t have any food with them. They’re both cold and damp and hungry, and -

“I have to pee so bad,” Jyn whines beside him.

Well, and that. Cassian forces himself not to react too obviously despite his own discomfort.

"I know. So do I.” Trying to ignore his full bladder is always one of Cassian’s least favorite parts of stakeouts like this, and today is especially bad. They’ve been here much longer than they planned, and Cassian’s already finished both of his canteens (and so has Jyn, now that he thinks about it). He’s needed to go for hours, and badly too. His bladder is begging to be emptied, and the rain isn’t helping with the situation, either.

He looks over at her, sees the tension in her body. It must be really bad for her to complain to him about something so personal, because even as safe as she feels with him by now, Jyn hates seeming needy. She is less used to things like this than him, much more used to active combat and sabotage than long hours of information gathering. She’ll get used to it eventually, but for now she’s clearly struggling. She’s squirming subtly, and he understands much better than he wishes he did.

“Only a little while longer, and then we can leave,” He promises, but he really doesn’t know so it’s empty reassurances. “Hang in there.”

She nods, grimacing, and they’re quiet again, watching the empty alleyway as the rain picks up again. The sound of the water in the gutters is not helping matters, and Cassian starts counting backwards from five hundred by threes in his head - then back up but by sevens. He needs the distraction.

By the time he’s finished with that he’s feeling a little better, his need pushed to the back of his mind, but Jyn is not faring so well. She’s shifting subtly, her breathing just harsh enough that he can tell she’s struggling.

"Breathe, Jyn,” he murmurs.

“Sorry, I just…” She bites her lip, and doesn’t finish the sentence.

“I know you need the head, it’s alright. Try to think of something else."

“Easier said than done,” she grumbles. “I don’t have your special spy brain. Or your special spy bladder, for that matter.”

“I told you, I have to go too. I’m just keeping myself distracted. Is there really nothing else on your mind?”

“There’s nothing going on down there, I’m cold, and I have to piss so bad my eyeballs are floating. Not much else to think about.”

“Hmm.” He shifts minutely closer to her and leans toward her ear. “What about last night?”

“What about last night?”

"I thought you’d remember,” he teases. “You were moaning so loud I was afraid the neighbors would complain.”

She rolls her eyes, but he knows she’s thinking about it. Last night had been incredible, Jyn’s legs thrown over his shoulders while he drove into her fast and rough and she rubbed furiously at her clit, unable to keep her hands off herself.

“I know you know what I mean. You felt so good around me.”

“I appreciate what you’re trying to do here but I really don’t think it’s helping,” Jyn whines. “Any other tips, genius?”

He chooses to ignore her sarcasm and takes the question seriously. “Yeah, actually. Loosen your belt a few notches, it’ll take some pressure off, give your bladder a bit more room to stretch. You’ve got this, just hold on.”

The encouragement is almost as much for himself as it is for her, his own heavy bladder beginning to beg in earnest for release. He ignores it resolutely. Jyn may not be used to holding it in for so long, but he certainly is.

“That helps a little,” Jyn concedes when she’s done as he suggested.

When it’s clear she has nothing more to say on the matter Cassian retreats back into his head, this time running through the details of their mission so far and planning what he’ll write in his report while he keeps his eyes on the entrance to the club. Still nothing.

The minutes pass agonizingly slowly, but they pass. Another half hour slips by in silence, until Jyn gives a soft groan, calling his attention back toward her.

"How are you doing?” He asks softly, and when she turns to answer him he sees tears welling up in her eyes. She’s full to bursting - it’s written all over her face, in her body language.

“I can’t hold it in much longer,” she whimpers, “I’m so full…”

"Yes, you can. You can pee soon, just hang in there.” It’s an empty promise, but he has to say something. He wants to help her but they’re stuck here.

“I can’t,” she moans, “Cass, it hurts, I can’t take it anymore! I’m about to burst!”

“Shh…” His own need pales in the face of the desperation in her eyes (not that hearing her describe her need is doing him any favors). He feels so helpless, unable to do anything to ease her discomfort. Out of options, he lies. “Just ten more minutes. You can do anything for ten minutes.”

Jyn bites her lip and nods unhappily, the poor thing. Thinking back now, it’s no wonder she’s worse off than him. While Cassian pissed in an alley an hour or so before they climbed up here, he remembers now that he’d forgotten to warn Jyn to do the same. She hasn’t emptied herself since they left the ship this morning. He may be desperate for relief, but she’s even more.

As it turns out, Jyn can do anything for ten minutes. But only just for ten minutes. After barely eleven she gasps suddenly, and shoots a hand down her body to hold herself.

“Fuck, Cassian, I’m leaking! I’m gonna pee, I really can’t keep it in any longer!” She’s nearly crying, and Cassian weighs their options. They can’t leave yet, but he can’t ask her to keep holding, he won’t. She’s clearly minutes from soaking herself, and that’s being generous. There has to be some way to help.

“Jyn, listen to me.” His voice is stern, getting her attention and leaving no room for interruption or argument as he outlines the only plan he can come up with. “You’re going to hold it in until the next air patrol passes. That’s about six minutes.” She whimpers, but doesn’t protest. “Once it’s gone, we’ll have about four minutes before the ground patrol. There’s a grate behind you that should filter into the gutters. You’ll have two minutes. Get up into a crouch, piss in that, and return to position immediately. Do you understand?”

She bites her lip and nods. It’s a risk, but a calculated one. There’s no way in the galaxy Jyn could make it off the roof, much less back to the ship, without relief.

He can almost hear her counting seconds in her head, fighting to keep her overfilled bladder from spilling its contents in the home stretch. The tell-tale sound of TIE fighters approaching makes her breathing catch. Once they’ve passed overhead she doesn’t wait for his mark before she’s already scooting backwards, whimpering quietly. In his peripheral vision he can see her raising herself up, and he glances back just long enough to see her slide her loosened fatigues down to her knees in a hurry before he turns back to keep his eyes fixed on the door to the club. Even if he didn’t have to keep watch for them both, he knows he wouldn’t be able to handle watching her piss while he’s so desperate for it himself.

Of course, he still has to listen. He hears the rustling sound of her clothing, the clinking of her belt. She’s still whimpering softly with need even as she gets herself into position as quickly as possible, her breath shaky. He can picture the look of pure need on her face as she squats down and aims as best she can, fighting to keep in control of her exhausted, eager bladder for the last few moments before the ocean inside her is finally released.

And then he hears the unmistakable hissing sound as Jyn starts peeing.

The torrent is fast and strong right from the moment she starts, a veritable waterfall of pee flowing from her. As her stream splashes on the grate and her desperate whines turn to relieved groans, Cassian winces. He can’t stop himself from imagining the way it must be gushing out of her, dizzyingly satisfying. He needs to piss so bad… But it’s fine, he’s fine. He’s had to hold it far longer than this before, this is nothing.

(It doesn’t feel like nothing).

Jyn’s impressively strong flow lasts so long it’s ridiculous, and Cassian grits his teeth, thoroughly jealous and wishing desperately she would just finish already. He’s painfully, agonizingly aware of every drop of liquid inside him, his own full, heavy bladder begging to be emptied while he listens to Jyn get what he so badly needs.

Eventually her stream slows to a trickle and finally, finally tapers off. Jyn sighs, relieved.

Cassian takes a deep, careful breath. “Feel better?” he teases, managing to keep the strain out of his voice as she lays back down beside him at the edge of the roof.

“Much better,” she murmurs as distant footsteps alert them to the approach of the ground patrol. Right on time. “Fuck, I needed that.”

He’s sure she did, but he does not want to hear any more about it.

“We just need to stick around until the next transport passes, and we’ll leave right after that. Ok? Won’t be too much longer.”

The reassurances are entirely for himself, now. Not much longer, I can hold it in.

“I’m good.” Jyn assures him. He’s glad she hasn’t realized yet how desperate he is himself. She’s had her relief now, so he’ll only have to control his own body without also having to worry about Jyn. He can also make sure he’s the first in the head as soon as they get to the ship (which is starting to feel impossibly far away, but he’s not thinking about it).

Jyn settles back in, slightly closer to him than she was before but he doesn’t think it was on purpose. He might appreciate it more if he weren’t working so hard to retreat into his head. If he can get himself back into focus he knows his need will fade to the back of his mind for a little bit longer.

“You sure you don’t want to sneak back there, too? You said you needed to go,” Jyn says, and he could scream with frustration.

“I’m sure,” he mutters.

“Suit yourself, I guess. But honestly, that felt amazing, I needed to go so bad, all that pressure - ”

“That’s enough,” Cassian growls, cutting her off. He can’t bear to hear another word of it.

“Well sorry,” Jyn says, “Didn’t know this was such an offensive topic for you.”

They go silent again, and Cassian uses the quiet to regain some control over his body, breathing carefully and forcing his bladder’s incessant signals to pee, now! to the back of his head while he watches the empty alleyway and plans their route back to the ship. As subtly as he can manage he lifts his lower body up onto his knees to put himself into a low crawl position, which has the benefit of stopping the growing bulge of his swollen bladder from pressing into the concrete roof.

Eventually, the worst of the wave of desperation passes and he can nearly think straight again.

“I’m sorry for snapping at you,” He murmurs, not taking his eyes away from the alley. “It’s been a long day, you didn’t deserve that.”

“I sure didn’t,” she grumbles, but she smiles slightly at him in a way he knows means all is forgiven.

The minutes slip by painfully slowly, but once again they do pass and soon enough the next transport passes as expected and they can start the trek back to the ship, K-2S0, and most importantly, the head.

Cassian can’t get there soon enough, though the climb down off the roof nearly spells disaster, the rough landing jostling his bladder painfully and forcing him to freeze where he lands, clenching his muscles to prevent a leak.

I’ve done harder things than this, he tells himself, though he’s having a hard time believing it. This is nothing.

And it’s fine. He’s totally fine. He follows a step behind Jyn like nothing’s wrong. Maybe he has to move as smoothly as possible to avoid jostling his brimming bladder, but that’s not the end of the world. He’s a grown man and he can hold his pee.

He recalls an operation he’d run alone some six years ago, one that had ended with him having to actually waddle to the nearest alley the moment he was out of sight of his contact, clutching his dick to physically stop the flow of pee and keep from pissing everywhere before he was able to release, flooding the nearest wall with the contents of his exhausted bladder.

What he’s feeling right now is bad, but as he reminds himself it’s not quite as bad as that time, at least not yet. It could be so much worse.

But like the galaxy itself can hear his thoughts, that’s when a pair of stormtroopers turns the corner in front of them. Cassian nearly whimpers.

“Fuck,” Jyn mutters just ahead of him, without changing her pace or showing any other sign of being uncomfortable with their presence. He’d be proud of her, if he could spare the brain space for it. He can’t, at the moment, busy trying to decide their best chance of avoiding any unwanted attention. They’re both dressed fairly standard for this planet and the weather, their only weapons well-concealed under clothes, there shouldn’t be anything particularly memorable but that’s no guarantee - and sweet fucking force he has to piss so bad -

The troopers, Andor, he tells himself sternly. Focus on the troopers.

He and Jyn keep their heads down as they maneuver toward the other side of the street, hoping to fade into the rest of the foot traffic. There’s no reason for the troopers to take interest in them specifically, it’s just a matter of luck.

“You there. Stop.”

Luck never is on their side.

“Papers, now.”

“Of course,” Jyn says demurely, reaching into her pocket to produce the ID card K-2S0 made for her alias. Cassian fishes in his jacket pocket for his own, but he’s only just pulled it out when he’s suddenly hit with a wave of intense desperation. His bladder is screaming and his breath hitches with the effort of holding it in.

“Here - here it is,” he says, horror rising in his stomach at how nervous he sounds, how suspicious he sounds. Jyn looks at him in obvious concern. He’s compromising them, he’s putting her at risk and didn't he swear he's never put Jyn at risk? He sends a desperate plea to the force for mercy, but it's to no avail.

“You’re hiding something,” the stormtrooper accuses.

“N-no, no, I just…” he searches for something believable to say. All he can land on is the truth, but it’s better than nothing. “I just really, really need the toilet.”

“I told you to go before we left,” Jyn says, and she’s playing along but he can see the very real agitation in her eyes, telling him he should have just peed in that grate, should have gone when he had the chance, and they wouldn’t be in this predicament. And he knows that. Fuck, does he ever know that.

The stormtrooper doesn’t believe him. Or maybe he does, and this is some sick powerplay. Both things are just as likely, but it doesn't matter which it is. Not when he’s suddenly being manhandled into a pair of cuffs behind his back by one of the troopers, the other grabbing Jyn’s wrist - not cuffing her, but keeping her from leaving. Panic flares in Cassian’s chest. This can’t be happening. He’s ruined their entire mission, put Jyn in enormous danger, all because he needs to pee.

The trooper pushes him up against the building beside them. He whimpers as the force of it presses his distended bladder against the brick wall, tears springing to his eyes as he fights to hold back the flood.

“Please, I - I just need to piss!”

“Yeah, yeah, and I’m a nerf’s uncle. We’re taking you back to - hey!”

Cassian’s never been happier to hear the tell-tale sound of a hard blow to dura-plast armor as he is in that moment. He can’t turn around quickly enough to see, but he hears both stormtroopers grunt, the heavy thud of their bodies hitting the ground. Jyn takes them both down handily with nothing but the baton strapped to her thigh, and then she’s behind him, pulling him away from the wall.

“What were you thinking?” She hisses, her gaze darting down to the noticeable bulge in his lower abdomen, proof of his weakness.

“I’m sorry,” Cassian whimpers, panting. As hard as he fights back his need, it’s quickly becoming a losing battle. He wants to grab his dick, needs the help to physically keep it all in, but the cuffs prevent it and there are tears threatening to spill down his face. “I thought - I didn’t want - force, Jyn, it hurts, I’m so full,” he sobs.

"You should have told me,” Jyn growls, grabbing his shoulder and pulling him into an alley a few yards away. Each step is agony, his mind flooded with the signal to pee, now!

“I’m sorry,” he repeats, helpless, “I thought I could hold it in, but I can’t, and I put you in danger. I really didn’t - fuck!” Another wave is desperation, and Cassian can feel his bladder failing. A small spurt of piss escapes him, dampening his underwear. “Oh, no, nonononono…” He rotates his hips frantically, fighting an uphill battle to keep the ocean of pee in for just a little longer.

"Stay still for a second, you have to let me get these cuffs off you if you want to piss,” Jyn says, and he’s trying, really he is, but he just can’t take it. He’s pretty sure his frantic movements are the only thing keeping the liquid inside him. He moans as Jyn struggles with his cuffs and the lockpick in her hand, and feels another leak force its way past his defenses, growing the wet spot between his legs.

“I can’t,” he gasps, “I can’t hold it in!”

“Yes you can -” Jyn growls, trying to force the cuffs off but it’s just not happening.

Something else is happening, though. To his horror, Cassian can feel more pee escaping despite his iron grip on his holding muscles. His bladder is so full that it’s literally overflowing, his cock now leaking steadily as he feels the warm, wet sensation spread down his thighs.

“I can’t!” He sobs, helpless and humiliated. “Jyn, I’m peeing! I’m peeing right now!”

“Shit,” Jyn mutters, and something in his voice must finally tip her off to the truth of his desperate cries. That, or she notices the growing dark patch on his pants as he wets himself agonizingly slowly, despite fighting it with everything he has. “Shit, ok, I -”

"I - I can’t stop it,” he whimpers, “It’s coming out.” Some soldier you make, a vicious voice in his mind growls. A pathetic little mess, hands locked behind his back as he slowly pisses himself in a back alley in front of the most amazing woman in the galaxy. There’s no escape, no option but to give in and flood his pants, but the thought makes him want to die.

Then suddenly his belt is being unbuckled, his pants undone. Cassian looks down to see Jyn taking out his cock, which continues to dribble pitifully no matter how hard he fights it, and realizes she’s plastered herself to his back. He doesn’t understand at first, brain too muddled by the overwhelming demands of his weeping bladder.

“What - what’re you doing?” He groans, panting as he tries even harder to stem the flow because he can’t pee with Jyn’s hands in his pants, he just can’t, she’s never going to be able to look at him again and he -

“Pee,” Jyn orders.

"No - I - what?”

“I’m helping you, idiot. I’ll aim, you pee. Unless you’d rather do it in your pants?”

“N - no - “

“I didn’t think so. Now, pee.”

The idea is mortifying, but then, what choice does he have? He’s basically doing it already.

Realizing he could no longer stop it, even if he tried, Cassian lets go.

The torrent of piss that bursts out of him then is unlike anything Cassian’s ever seen or felt. It gushes from him like a firehose, immediately saturating the ground in front of him as Jyn directs the flow. He can’t help but moan with relief, the intensity of the feeling dizzying. When he looks down he’s shocked and a little disturbed to see that he can actually see his swollen bladder slowly deflating as he releases.

“Ah - ah, fuck,” he breathes, his knees feeling weak as he pees and pees, the puddle in front of him growing with every passing second. Jyn does a surprisingly good job at aiming his stream, directing it to splash against the ground slightly downhill from them, keeping their feet from getting wet. She was thinking ahead while he couldn’t, and he’s so grateful he could cry.

“Th-thank you,” he gasps, not interrupting his flow as he leans back, sagging against her. He can’t think of anything he’s ever needed more than he needs this. “I - ho… thank you…”

“Happy to help,” Jyn says, and her voice is dry but she still sounds a lot less mocking than he expected given the circumstances. He couldn’t even complain if she did make fun of him, seeing as she’s the only reason he isn’t soaking his pants like a child. His head is spinning and it feels so insanely good to finally be letting everything out and it’s a good thing Jyn’s got him because he’s so overwhelmed with relief he can’t even register anything else, he’s totally out of it.

“Fuck, how are you still peeing?”

There’s the teasing note he’d been expecting. Still, he can’t really complain. She’s doing more for him right now than he’s pretty sure anyone else he’s ever loved would have been willing to, save maybe K-2S0, who lacks the capacity to be shy about human’s bodies. She’s allowed to make fun of him a little. It has been a while now, to be fair, and his cascade of pee is somehow still flowing.

“I was really full.”

“Yeah, no shit! You’re gonna flood this whole alley if you don’t finish up soon.”

“Just… just a minute, I think I’m almost empty…”

His stream is beginning to taper off, slowly but surely. It slows from a veritable torrent to a steady but slower stream, and then finally a trickle threatening to drip down on his shoes. Cassian gives one more push, one last surge of pee arcing into his frankly enormous puddle, and suddenly it’s over. His exhausted bladder is finally, blissfully empty, and suddenly he’s so tired he’s almost swaying on his feet as Jyn tucks his cock back into his pants for him.

“Feel better?” she asks, her voice low beside his ear. And she sounds… sincere? Gentle? Not at all like she’s disgusted by the pathetic performance he just put on, not like she’ll never be attracted to him ever again. It gives Cassian hope.

"So much better,” he admits, his face hot but a small, embarrassed smile on his face. There’s no use in denying it. “I’ve never had to pee that badly in my life. I didn’t know my bladder could physically hold that much.”

“Yeah, that was uh... a lot of pee. It’s kind of ridiculous how big that puddle is.” She has her lockpick in hand again, fiddling behind his back. Now that he’s still and calm it only takes a few moment’s effort before his restraints are falling away. “There we go…”

“Thank you,” Cassian breathes again, and he’s not talking about the handcuffs. “Thank you so much.”

“You would have done the same for me,” Jyn says, pressing a quick kiss too his temple. “I’m just glad I could help.” Her tone turns more chastising. “Just promise me you’re not going to let this happen again. I told you you should have pissed in that grate before we left.”

“I know. You were right, I’m sorry. I really thought I could hold it in, but I put you in danger.”

"You’re always such a smooth liar. I can’t believe all it takes is a full bladder to break you like that.”

"I was about to explode, I couldn’t even think straight,” he protests, and Jyn laughs. He can't be too upset about anything, not when she laughs like that.

“Yeah, yeah. Come on, we need to get out of here before more troopers come looking.”

They leave the alley together, their pinky fingers linked as they head casually toward the ship that will take them back to base. There aren’t any troopers in sight, and he looks over at her and can’t help but smile.

“Jyn?”

“Yeah?”

"I love you.”

“I know.”

*003*2023-12-17 23:19

{{On 12/9/2023 at 2:27 PM, BB1BBB said:

This is amazing. I like to tell myself I'm very straight and don't get turned on by male desperation, but the truth is that I probably will go for male desperation if it's as well-written as this.

Have often thought about writing a Star Wars scenario myself, but never managed to find a convincing enough storyline.

Anyway, this is some of the best fiction the site has seen this year.

}}

Ah, what a compliment, thank you so much! I'm glad you gave it a chance despite it not being your usual thing and I'm very glad it won you over lol

