#OperationDonation

Author: dolodi

*000*2025-04-29 21:53

It's been a long long time since I've actively participated on this site, but this is an idea I've been bouncing around my head for a little while. This first part is just the premise, but I do have a couple of scenarios I want to type up at a later date. Anyway, without further ado:

Sperm Donor Initiative also known as Operation Donation

Due to the decline of the male populace, measures were put into effect to encourage propagation. To ensure the new parameters were being administered effectively, public restrooms —including those used for private events— underwent a design overhaul. Any restroom you would encounter would comprise of two rooms. The first of which was an empty vestibule containing a locked door opposite of the entrance and a lone trash receptacle. Next to the locked door, featured on the wall was the collection conduit. Once the appropriate fluid has been received and measured, the door would slide open to reveal the next room, containing both a toilet and a sink. Obviously the first room would require the presence of two individuals, one of which needed to be male.

Certainly, exceptions are to be expected. The sperm donors themselves can utilize the facilities without expending their seed. This hardly seems fair on the surface; however, this measure was implemented to ensure that there was still seed to be spent. The logic may seem backward, but the whole initiative hinges on amorous —albeit brief— relations being formed.

This new program has succeeded in many ways. The male population, once primarily recluse, utilize the public spaces with far more frequency. This in turn has led to an influx of donations for the use of propagation.

In addition to the male exception, there are other deviations from the general rule. Those carrying child are exempt in addition to the youngest generation. Society still advocates the prevention of teenage pregnancy. While there is legislation in place to encourage propagation, it is not aimed at our youth. Thus, anyone under the age of 20 is exempt from this initiative.

With this change in legislation, society was forced to adapt in other ways as well. Gone are the archaic days of identification cards. Electronic wristbands now hold your identity, and any vestibule you enter knows exactly who you are. This had the dual advantage of helping with the war on crime; but that was just an added perk.

Now, this measure was never meant to be punitive. Residencies were exempt from this new restroom’s rule as well as businesses during working hours. The bracelet is attuned to your location at any given point and is aware of your working hours. Need the restroom at work? The bracelet knows to afford you this necessity. This stipulation was added to the legislation for two reasons. Businesses want you working during working hours, not fooling around in the restroom. But more significantly, a lot of working places were lacking in male populace. This legislation was born of crisis after all.

The guidelines for Operation Donation are as follows:

Public restrooms now require a donation of spermatozoa. This means that if you are of the female gender and require use of the facilities, you will first need to find a willing participant to become your donor. Once inside the first vestibule, you and your donor may engage in any activity of your choosing. The space, though private, will be monitored to ensure consentuality of both parties. For more information on that policy, scan this QR code --.

For that second door to the facilities to unlock, your donor's seed needs to be deposited in the collection conduit. Failure to comply means the door remains locked. Condoms available at cost. The release of any unauthorized fluid or excrement in the vestibule is strictly forbidden. The act of such will have you immediately removed from the public space in which you’ve sullied. With each unauthorized act, you will lose public privileges. These measures aren’t meant to be punitive. Follow the rules and you can still enjoy the finer things in life. Redemption is attainable. We understand accidents do happen. To learn more about redemption of lost privileges, scan this QR code --.

Plan ahead. Enjoy life. And spread the love. #OperationDonation

