The longest night

Author: Desperationpee

*000*2019-09-18 15:35

This story is not mine, it's only a traduction I made from an italian erotic story I read on a website. Warning: sexual content

I hope you enjoy!

Hi everyone, my name is Tommaso and I am 23 years old. I want to tell you about what I have already mentioned in the title, of that night after which my life has not been and will never be the same again! So know that my girlfriend, a wonderful brunette named Claudia, shares my passion! What it is you will find out if you will receive the patience to read to the end! We have known each other for a short time, no more than three months, and we have already made love, I above and her below, not without kisses and various caresses, but still without particular perversions. Moreover the saying goes: the SECOND time you never forget! No proverb was ever more appropriate! So that evening Claudia and I met at a restaurant. She was dressed all in black, with a vertiginous miniskirt, stunning pantyhose and two high-heeled shoes that left her toes bare.

We planned an intimate dinner, a movie night and then another night of love. However, what happened at the cinema turned the evening into a night of WILD SEX!

It was a cold winter evening and we both drank too many glasses, so once we got to the cinema I said: - Sweetheart, I'm sorry but I have to go to the bathroom at any cost! Indeed, you would do well to go there too, before the film begins! -. She said: "Don't worry about me, honey, I have an iron bladder!" -. The provocation was obvious, but I didn't care, I went to the bathroom and did what I had to do. Once out, I thought it would end there. Instead she added the dose: "My poor love has a weak bladder!" -. At that point it became a sort of challenge and I replied: - Would you perhaps tell me that you would be able to resist until the end of the film? - She, perhaps emboldened by too much wine, replied: - More than the end of the film! At least home! I'm ready to bet! - -Agree! - I said - but if you lose the bet you will allow me to penetrate you from behind! -

This was something she had never experienced because it frightened her, but she said anyway: "I accept!" And we clasped our hands vigorously to seal the pact. We went into the hall and found a place in the last rows, almost deserted. The film began few minutes later. But do you know what? I didn't care about the movie anymore! I had my eyes fixed on Claudia's beautiful legs, perfectly parallel and comfortably arranged on the chair. I deduced from this posture that he was not in the slightest in crisis and despaired that something would happen, but I kept waiting. My patience was finally rewarded: twenty minutes after the film began, she began to grab her pussy. "We're here!" I thought, "she need to pee!"

"All right, love?" I asked her, feigning indifference. "Certainly," she replied, in the same tone. About twenty minutes later, her legs tightened frantically as she began to pant.

- Love, are you really sure you're okay? - I insisted, not without a smirk this time at the corners of my mouth -Of course, darling, don't worry! - -I still see you upset- I sneaked maliciously -The movie is so compelling! to justify her, but a shadow of concern painted her face before she could hide it. The film would have lasted a long time, at least a couple of hours and she was already beginning to show signs of giving way. As time passed his despair grew, as did my satisfaction, while I was already looking forward to the sweet taste of winning the unusual bet. Towards the middle of the film her legs, from which they were joined crossed as she began to blow, almost wanting to warm herself from the cold that was in the room, in fact she used this as a justification for her agitation.

The first half ended and everyone got up, but she didn't dare move from the chair to go to the bathroom, although she had intention. She didn't want to show signs of giving away, but I knew she was about to lose control. I invited her out to smoke a cigarette and she accepted. Her step was much slower than usual, and as she smoked she inhaled deeply, hoping to divert attention from the impelling need that invaded her every minute that passed. So I sadistically offered her a sip of water from my bottle to see how she would react.

She was desperate, she didn't want to increase her sufferings, but even this time she made the best of a bad situation and took a sip of water as if it were poison. Meanwhile the second half was about to begin, and her bladder, now full to the brim, slowed her pace even more as we reentered the hall. The second half began, and his legs began to tremble as she squirmed in the chair. - Do you have to go to the bathroom, darling? - I insinuated, seeing her now close to giving way. By now his agitation was too obvious for him to be able to hide it, so she replied, "A little bit, but I can still do it!"

Here we are! - I said to myself - she's going to piss herself! -

In the half hour that followed she continued to cross her legs first in one verse, then in the other, more and more quickly, and began to have to hold her cunt every minute or two, a sign that the inevitable was about to happen. The bathroom was there, just a few steps away from her, but she didn't dare go there, so as not to lose the bet that she had let slip from her lips, but soon she could have escaped something else, and by her vulva labia!(labia and lips are homonymous in italian)

Towards the middle of the second half, she whispered to me: - Love, would you let me pass, please? - - Where do you want to go? - I asked her, already guessing the answer - I would like to take a breath of air, if you don't mind! - she said in a pleading tone with doe-like eyes -It is rude to get up so halfway through the movie! - I replied, sardonically grinning - So in half an hour we go out! - -I know, but it's so hot! - -I come with you- - Thanks, love, but I'd rather go alone, if you don't mind! - She was trying to cheat! She had to be really desperate! "I think you're hiding something from me!" I insisted mischievously. "I know you too well, love, there's something bothering you, why don't you tell me what it is?"

"I have to go to the bathroom!"

"Why?" My hands are so dirty, I have to wash them - You can wash them at home too, honey, what's the hurry? It's not so urgent! - -I agree love, you won! I HAVE TO PEE!-she finally admitted, almost screaming in despair. Several people turned to look at us badly, to which she tried to make herself small. - So you give up? Did I win the bet? - -SI! YES! YOU WON! NOW LET ME GO, I CAN'T HOLD IT ANYMORE! - She got up abruptly to go to the bathroom, but I sat back down and started tickling her with my hand against her bladder.

It was the straw that broke the camel's back! The piss so long held back began to descend copiously and abundantly from her legs, forming a wide puddle at his feet that widened more and more, wetting the miniskirt, the panties, the tights, and even the shoes with heels, feet included. Claudia's bladder seemed to take years to completely empty. When she had finished she looked around, full of shame and fear of having been seen, in fact someone started looking at her badly.

When the film came to its conclusion, she hurriedly put her coat back on to hide the patch in plain sight on her miniskirt, but could do nothing to hide the puddle at her feet, nor above all the dark patch along her stunning legs covered with pantyhose. The result was that in the stretch that separated us from the exit, people kept looking at us badly and in response she tried to leave as soon as possible without looking anyone in the face.On the journey home, she didn't say a word, but once she got home she let herself go: "Of course you were a bastard, but it was an unforgettable experience!" I didn't think it was so exciting to wear it in public! That feeling of wet with the fear that others will discover you almost made me have an orgasm! Even holding it wasn't bad! -

Unbelievable but true, Claudia was the real answer to my wildest erotic fantasies! For the duration of the film, seeing her squirming so bad and finally pissing herself made me horny and we had a night of wild sex.

Before sinking into sleep, out of curiosity, I took a look at the clock. It was 3:40. -Wow! - I said to myself.

We had returned home at around midnight, and we had begun to fuck since then, not to mention the splendid evening spent together since dinner, which took place around 8:30. Undoubtedly, until that moment, that had been the best night of my life, and even the longest!

