Your Bladder and You

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2020-06-20 09:26

Since my other story set in this universe got a good response here is another story I posted in my blog back in January. This is bonus story to add to my Aura of Desperation novel. In the final chapter I had my character joke about how much worse it would be if this weird psychic ability started occurring in the 1950s when people were much more uptight about talking about bathroom related matters. Then after I had finished writing the novel and was reading that back I thought, actually that would make for a funny story all of its own. This will eventually be included with my novel which I will give a larger preview of once I am finished reading and editing the whole thing and have published it.

But in the meantime here is the story about my desperation aura and what would happen if it took place in the 1950s, which takes the form of boys and girls each getting an informational 1950s propaganda film about how seeing women glowing because their bladders are full might be giving them unnatural and unwholesome feelings! I like this because it also works not just as a desperation story but as a satire of 1950s propaganda films and sexual uptightness. Enjoy! As always you can also read and comment on it in my blog as well https://desperatejill.livejournal.com/

Your Bladder and You

Sometime in the 1950s in a typical American town.

"Class today we have a very special video for everyone," Mr. Whitaker said.

"Is it going to be another video about how all we have to do to survive a nuclear Holocaust is duck under our desk and cover our heads?" Johnny said as he raised his hand.

"No Johnny, this is actually going to be an informative video about the changes that your body is going through. Recently there has been something of a change in human evolution and we felt that the best way to address this would be through an informational video in the schools. So today the boys and the girls are going to go to separate classrooms and see separate videos about the strange changes you might be noticing. So all of the girls please get up and go to Miss Emily's class to see your video. The boys can stay here and they will watch their video. Now this might be awkward so I don't want any giggling or anything like that."

Once all the girls had left the classroom Mr. Whitaker began playing the boys video.

"Hello patriotic Americans," the man in the video said. "You boys might have been noticing some strange changes going on with your bodies lately but you should not be alarmed. Apparently there has been an evolutionary change in mankind so that now every single man has been noticing women in a different way. You might have been noticing that your female classmates are suddenly glowing all the time."

All of the boys in the class started nodding and smiling at one another.

"I just want to reassure all of you that it's perfectly normal for you to see your female classmates glowing all sorts of different colors," the man on the video said. "The reason why women are glowing now all of the sudden is because they have to go to the bathroom."

Several boys in the class began snickering and laughing.

"Hey listen to the video or I will send you to the principal," Mr. Whitaker said. "If anyone else laughs I am going to give them detention."

"Some of you may find these changes to be rather alarming but I assure you that they are perfectly natural," the man in the video said. "Every woman now glows when her bladder gets to a certain level of fullness with the color changing in color and intensity the greater her need to go to the bathroom is. You may find yourself suddenly more attracted to women suddenly because you find them glowing all the time. There is nothing abnormal about this, but a proper gentleman would not mention these things to a lady. Ladies are very modest and don't like people commenting on the fullness of their bladder based on how they are glowing. So if you see a female classmate who is glowing brightly be kind to her because she needs to go to the bathroom very badly. But also be polite and do not bring up this fact if she does not bring it up first. Simply help her find a bathroom while trying not to make obvious reference to the fact that you know her bladder is extremely full.

"Now there are some of you might find yourself unnaturally interested in this glowing phenomenon that you notice around your female classmates. There is nothing in and of itself abnormal about that, but you do have to realize that the reason women are glowing is because they have to go to the bathroom. You don't want to be attracted to someone simply because of the fullness of their bladder do you?

"Some of you may even take these unnatural urges to dangerous extremes however that would make you to be abnormal. It is not fully normal to be attracted to a woman based on the size or fullness of her bladder. It is also abnormal if you try to cause your female classmates to wet themselves. That is why you should always show proper decorum to your female classmates and never attempt to get them to wet their pants. You wouldn't want them to make you wet your pants would you?

"Some of you may even feel increasingly strong abnormal urges the more you see your female classmates glowing. This new change presents a challenge to all of us in polite society. There are some people who might even be tempted to touch themselves based on the excitement that comes with seeing a female classmate glowing because of a full bladder.

"Don't touch yourselves! As you all know masturbation is a form of mental illness and that if you do it excessively you could grow hair on your palms and you might even go blind. People who touch themselves excessively always end up going insane and becoming social menaces. You don't want to be a menace to your fellow classmates do you?

"Of course you don't! That is why I encourage every patriotic and normal American boy not to give into the urge to touch themselves just because they see their female classmates glowing brightly and beautifully. It is okay to comment that a woman has a healthy glow and that she looks pretty, but remember why she is glowing and try not to think about it too much because that way lies madness!"

Mr. Whitaker turned off the tape. "I hope you all found that informative and educational. Does anybody have any questions?"

Johnny wanted to raise his hands as this video gave him a whole lot of questions.

"Is the fact that women are glowing because of radioactive fallout from nuclear tests?" Wayne asked.

"Nobody knows why women are glowing all of the sudden when their bladders are full," Mr. Whitaker said. "It's a strange and unexplained new phenomenon but I am sure that there is a rational explanation behind it."

"Like what?" Wayne asked as he kept his hand up.

"Well there's a whole bunch of scientific theories on why this might be, but I think that the most rational explanation is it's because of a communist plot," Mr. Whitaker said. "People always said that fluoride in the water was good for us but I think that now we are seeing that there might be an ulterior motive behind putting fluoride in the water."

"But Mr. Whitaker why would the Communists want to put fluoride in the water to make women glow when their bladders are full?"

"How the hell should I know, they are communists, they're crazy! Maybe they want to make our women glow in the dark so that they can easily see them in the nighttime when they invade. If the women are all glowing it will be easier for the Communists to make off with them to send them to all of their crazy breeding camps. And they figure that if all the boys are distracted watching all the girls glowing all the time it will allow them to get the drop on us. Does anyone else have any other questions?"

Johnny and Wayne looked at each other and they shook their heads.

"Good now let us get back to our lesson," Mr. Whitaker said as he wrote on the blackboard civil rights, is it trouble ahead?

"I wonder if the girls video is equally as confusing and strange," Johnny whispered to Wayne.

"Now girls we're going to show you an informative video called your bladder and you," Miss Emily said. "Please hold all questions until the end. I hope that you find this video as informative as our last sex specific video how to find a rich husband and make him happy when he gets home from work."

Miss Emily began playing the video.

"Hi ladies," the woman on the video said. "I'm here to address a strange new phenomenon that you might have noticed. You might have been noticing that your male classmates and teachers and other male associates might have been acting strangely lately. This is because of the strange new phenomenon whereby it seems that women are now glowing but that the glowing is only obvious to men. You are probably wondering why the men are acting so strange as you cannot see what they see.

"Nobody knows why this new phenomenon has occurred, but what we do know is that many men are now being very distracted by the fact that you ladies are glowing and naturally some of you are probably feeling self-conscious about this, as well you should!

"Now of course ladies all of us want to be modest and not be distracting to the men while they do all sorts of important jobs, but unfortunately we have no control over the fact that when our bladders get full we begin glowing. This might attract unwanted male attention and you are probably wondering how you should respond to a man who might be acting strangely because of the fact that your bladder is full and that you are glowing brightly. What exactly is the polite thing to do if you find yourself in a situation where your bladder is full and you are glowing?

"Firstly it's important to stay hydrated so you don't want to dehydrate yourself just because you give off a glow when your bladders are full, as that would not be healthy. But at the same time as a good woman you do not want to be driving the men crazy with your incessant glowing. A proper lady doesn't want men to know when she has to go to the bathroom, but unfortunately that is no longer possible.

"So what you should do ladies if you find yourself with a full bladder is to try to relieve yourself without drawing any attention to yourself. A woman with a full bladder can be very distracting to her male companions and for that reason you should try to take care of a full bladder without drawing more attention to yourself.

"Of course if you are not in a position to relieve your full bladder the proper thing to do is to try to ignore the situation and not draw attention to the fact that your bladder is full. Obviously the men in your life will know that your bladder is full but the proper thing to do is to try not to address it because it's awkward and uncomfortable for everyone.

"Another thing is that many of the men in your life might be suddenly giving you a lot of unwanted attention because of your full bladders. There are some men who might find the idea of a woman who suddenly glows, particularly at night time, extremely attractive. But you should know that these men are extremely abnormal and you should try your best to ignore them because they might have sick urges and impure thoughts because of your full bladder. You should try to avoid provoking these men at all costs because it's up to the women to make sure that the men control themselves.

"So in conclusion ladies if you find yourself with a full bladder that you cannot relieve don't incite the men to craziness by mentioning it. Simply hold it in and try to regard the world with a smile, everyone loves it when a womam smiles. The modest thing to do is to hold a full bladder until you can relieve it and to try not to be a nuisance by letting your bladder be a distraction to others. So remember ladies, if you can't relieve it, hold it and say nothing, because that is the proper thing to do."

"Do you have any questions?" Miss Emily said as she turned off the video.

Elizabeth wanted to ask a question but she felt too awkward asking a question about such an improper topic as did most of the rest of the girls in the class who simply looked at each other nervously.

"Good now let us get back to our lesson," Miss Emily said as she wrote on the board feminism, is it a communist plot like everything else?

Later that day at recess Johnny and Wayne couldn't help but notice that a lot of the girls were glowing.

"Do you see the way that Elizabeth glows, she's really pretty," Johnny said.

"You're not having abnormal feelings towards her because she's glowing are you?" Wayne said.

"No, of course not! I'm a normal patriotic American just like everybody else. I'm not one of those guys who goes after women who are glowing all the time."

"Okay that's good, because you wouldn't want to be with a woman who was glowing all the time because that will make her an easy target when the communists invade."

"You don't really think that this is a communist plot do you?"

"Who knows, those Russians are crazy like Mr. Whitaker said. They probably want to turn us all into perverts who will be easily distracted by glowing women with full bladders. But we are totally normal boys who are not going to be turned on by a little bit of glowing from women."

"Hi Johnny," Elizabeth said as she came over with a bright glow around her that made her look like she had a halo, like she was actually an angel or something.

"Elizabeth, hi!" Johnny said feeling nervous and trying not to get an erection by thinking of his mother and apple pie.

"I was just wondering Johnny, if you're not doing anything this weekend, do you think you would like to go see a monster movie with me?"

"Sure Elizabeth, I would love to go to the movies with you. I can pick you up at around 7 PM."

"That sounds great, I'll be looking forward to it."

As Elizabeth walked off Johnny and Wayne looked at each other.

"I can't believe Elizabeth agreed to go on a date with me!" Johnny shouted.

"Are you really sure that you want to go out with Elizabeth?" Wayne asked.

"I am as sure of that as I am sure that America will have a city on the moon by 1965."

"I'm just saying that I can't help but notice that she seemed to be flaunting the fact that she was glowing. It's almost like she abstained from going to the bathroom specifically to make herself more attractive."

"It's not like that at all! You know I'm not a weird guy like that, I'm no communist, I'm a Yankee first and foremost. You know I check my closet every night for communist spies and hidden microphones like every normal American boy."

Wayne shook his head. "I don't know, many a good man has been corrupted by a woman and now women are glowing, they are practically radioactive."

"Well I'm not going to give up my date with Elizabeth, I have been looking forward to this for my entire life. I can't believe she actually asked if I wanted to go on a date with her."

"Just you be careful, you never know what a glowing woman could be up to. And if I were you I would go easy on the tap water."

That night all Johnny could think about was Elizabeth glowing brightly like a vision straight from heaven. When he woke up he found that he had had one of those embarrassing dreams again, one so intense he almost thought that he had wet the bed.

"I'm not an abnormal freak," Johnny said as he woke up from his dream to realize that he had a very wet dream. But he was trying to convince himself of that because he wasn't quite sure. He didn't think that there was anything abnormal about his attraction towards Elizabeth. He had been attracted to her since before women started glowing all of the sudden, although he had to admit that he was suddenly more attracted to her than ever before.

When he got up he cleaned up his bed and put on his best outfit and wanted to get to Elizabeth's house as early as possible. When she answered the door he couldn't help but notice that she was dressed in a bright pink dress and she had a faint greenish glow around her which he knew meant that she already had to go to the bathroom.

"Elizabeth, hi, how are you," Johnny said, once again trying to control his excitement at seeing her bright and glowing.

"I'm doing great Johnny, how about you?" Elizabeth said with a smile.

"I'm doing wonderful," Johnny said unable to help the fact that he was getting extremely excited by the fact that she was already glowing. "Are you ready to go or is there anything that you want to get or do before we leave?" He was trying to subtly indicate that maybe she wanted to use the bathroom because her glowing was driving him completely frantic.

"No Johnny I think that everything's fine, I think we should get to the movies right away," she said as they began walking to the movies.

"Two for the double feature," Johnny said as he purchased the tickets. It was a double billing of The Communists from Outer Space and Communist Invaders from Mars.

"Let's get something at the concession stand," Elizabeth said as Johnny got them both large popcorns and very large sodas with a free refill option.

As they sat down to start watching the movie Johnny couldn't help but notice that Elizabeth was glowing more brightly and was starting to turn orange which he knew meant that she had to go to the bathroom desperately bad, and yet she seemed to be fully calm and composed.

Johnny was barely paying attention to the movie because he couldn't help but notice that Elizabeth was glowing so brightly and all he could think about was how she had not been to the bathroom this entire time.

By the time the first movie was over Elizabeth was now glowing bright orange and Johnny couldn't help but notice that large numbers of people were staring at her, or at least the men were anyway.

"I'm going to go use the bathroom," Johnny said as he got up during the intermission. "Is there anything else you want at the concession stand?"

"Yeah, can you get a refill on this for me," Elizabeth said as she handed him her empty soda cup.

"Sure," Johnny said as he took her empty cup, used the bathroom and got her cup refilled.

"Hey Johnny, how is your date going?" Wayne asked.

"Wayne, what are you doing here?" Johnny asked.

"I just came to see a movie like everybody else, but I couldn't help but notice that your girlfriend was distracting a lot of people in the theater with her glowing," Wayne said as he shook his head.

"There's nothing wrong with a woman who glows."

"I don't know it's kind of immodest, do you think that she might be a communist or a feminist or a communist feminist, possibly from the planet Venus?"

"Dammit Wayne for the last time, Elizabeth isn't a communist, she isn't a feminist and she isn't an alien invader or all three."

"Are you sure, those things usually come in threes, haven't you been paying attention to the movie?"

"I just want to get back to my date, Elizabeth is waiting for me to give her her refill of her soda."

Wayne shook his head as Johnny ran back to the theater. "She's going to be the death of him, that glowing bladder hussy!"

As Johnny sat back down next to Elizabeth and gave her back her once again full soda he couldn't help but notice that she started rapidly drinking it. Much like with the first movie he found himself barely able to concentrate on the highly cerebral plot about a bunch of alien communist body snatchers from Mars replacing people at the highest levels of government.

"The nerve of that woman," a man said as they looked at Elizabeth who was now glowing bright red. "Her glowing is distracting me from the movie."

Johnny couldn't help but notice that everyone in the theater seemed to be staring at he and Elizabeth but Elizabeth seemed like she was just sitting there calmly watching the movie even though he knew her bladder must be ready to explode. The fact that she could sit there so calmly while her bladder was that full was driving Johnny absolutely wild and making him think that maybe alien communists had been doing something to his brain waves after all.

Finally the movie was over and he noticed that Elizabeth had long since finished her large soda.

"I think I'm going to go use the little boys room," Johnny said. Johnny went into the bathroom and splashed himself with some cold water to try and get himself under control. The fact that Elizabeth was now glowing as bright as the sun was really making him wild. The thought that her bladder was so full was getting him really hot and bothered.

"How did the date go," Wayne said coming up behind Johnny and scaring him.

"Wayne you startled me, I thought you were an alien communist from Mars!" Johnny shouted.

Wayne laughed. "Well I'm no alien communist from Mars, but I'm thinking that maybe your girlfriend is. What type of human being has a bladder capacity that extreme?"

"There is nothing abnormal about Elizabeth," Johnny said. "She's a lovely modest young girl and she probably just doesn't want to say anything about the fact that she has to go to the bathroom. She's probably just shy about it, lots of girls are shy about it."

"I don't know, she still seems kind of suspicious to me."

"Well she's waiting for me, so I don't want to keep her waiting."

When Johnny came out of the restroom he could see that Elizabeth was standing there still glowing bright red.

"Do you need to use the bathroom before we leave?" Johnny asked not wanting to sound rude but at the same time astonished that she hadn't used the bathroom.

"Oh it's out of order," Elizabeth said as she stood there and Johnny could see that she was very slightly crossing her legs at the ankles. "But that's okay, we will be home in a little while."

"I thought that maybe we could go look at the town from up on the mountain side," Johnny said not wanting to explicitly mentioned that he wanted to take her to make out point.

"You know that sounds rather nice Johnny, I would love to," Elizabeth said as the two of them began walking. As they walked Johnny noticed that everyone was staring directly at Elizabeth because she had been lighting up the night like a supernova. Going around with a woman on his arm that everyone was looking at made Johnny feel like he was special and important and he couldn't help but grow more excited every second that he kept Elizabeth away from the bathroom.

Finally they got to the point where they could see the entire city and they saw lots of other people were making out, but a lot of them were looking at Johnny and Elizabeth probably because of the fact that Elizabeth was lighting up the night.

Eventually Johnny leaned forward and began kissing Elizabeth. She was so bright that he was finding he was seeing spots but he didn't even care. He could feel Elizabeth shaking and trembling as he kissed her and he knew that she must be getting close to the point where she needed to use the bathroom, and the fact that she had put it off all night long was driving him completely out of his mind.

After making out for a while they knew that they had to get home but Johnny went as slow as possible seeing how long he could keep Elizabeth away from the bathroom. As they walked down the street several men put their arms up to their eyes and several women looked at the men with jealous stares as they all stared at Elizabeth.

"I guess I will see you in school on Monday," Johnny said as Elizabeth kissed him and smiled.

"Thank you for a lovely evening," Elizabeth said as she smiled and closed the door and immediately ran towards the bathroom, quickly sat down on the toilet and finally relieved herself as she moaned a sigh of relief as she looked in the mirror. "Modest my ass, it's time to shine! My glow brings all the boys to the yard."

Johnny practically ran home and ran past his parents, ran into his bedroom, locked the door and began furiously masturbating to thoughts of Elizabeth and her bursting bladder and it didn't take long before he had made a mess of things.

As he laid back in bed looking up at the ceiling and feeling extremely relaxed he simply shook his head. "I don't care if I do go blind and grow hair on my palms, I'm proud to be abnormal!"

Wayne was looking in through the window and shaking his head. "It looks like we've lost another one to the communist invasion," Wayne said as he walked down the street.

"Hi Wayne," said Cindy, a girl he had always had a crush on and who at the moment was glowing bright red and twirling her fingers through her hair. "What are you doing out late at night? I was wondering if maybe you wanted to do something?"

As Wayne stood there looking at the love of his life glowing like a firecracker in the sky he couldn't help but think that she might be an alien or a communist or a feminist or maybe even all three, but at that moment he didn't care.

"Cindy I would love to," Wayne said as he smiled and offered Cindy a drink.

*003*2020-06-21 09:34

"BTW did you ever contribute any stories to Shara and Ger's? I swear I remember seeing some of your stuff on there."

No, I have looked at the pictures on that website but I never contributed any stories to them. All of my stories are original and only go to my blog and more recently on here, but everything that I have posted here story wise I have also posted in my blog. That is a good website though! I keep forgetting to check that regularly.

*008*2020-06-22 09:20

I'm glad so many people seem to enjoy this concept that I thought of about a desperation aura. But for all you fans of this fear not for I have a full-length 67,000 word novel that I hope to get around to publishing sometime in the near future set in the contemporary times.

This story actually came from an idea in the final chapter of that novel where one of my characters joked, imagine if this happened in the 1950s and I thought it would be a funny idea to explore what if this did actually happen in the 1950s!

