New years desperation

Author: daniel2

*000*2017-12-25 05:26

Makaila just got out of a long shift at the office. She was exhausted so she needed a good cup of coffee before heading to the new years eve party her cousin is hosting. Makaila is 30 years old with black hair done in a ponytail. She is wearing light colored tan pants, brown boots, and a white jacket. She likes to wear tight clothes, showing her (THICC) thighs. There was a conviniently placed dunkin donuts right outside the office. She went in and there was barely anyone there. Everyone must be partying by now. Makaila ordered a large cup of coffee and downed it all quickly so she could make it to the party without being super late.

The party took place at her cousin's apartment. It has a big living room so there was space for parties, but the apartment had only one bathroom since it was a one bedroom after all. Most of her friends and family was there, and their kids too. The party had lots of wine, beer and soda. Makaila greeted everyone at the party. She poured herself a glass of wine so she could start conversing with her friends. After pouring herself some of that good shit, her friend jason steps in. He's holding a beer and wearing that cologne she likes. "hey there" he says, trying to be smooth. Makaila can see right through him. She knows he likes her. "Hey! happy new years" they begin to talk about their long days at work and catch up on recent events and tv shows. Makaila already had two glasses of wine and time seemed to be nonexistant until her bladder started sending in signals. “ok I have to use the bathroom NOW!”

Makaila stepped out of the conversation and walked through a crowd of people. She regretted not going earlier but she can't think of that now. She needs to pee. All that coffee and wine made her bladder fill up. She makes it to the bathroom, but is occupied. She holds her stomache and starts shaking her leg a little. Jason notices her discomfort. He knows her predicament and is turned on by it. Makaila begins walking in place. She tries to get her mind off of it by seeing what's going on in the living room; but it's just people pouring themselves drinks. This is NOT helping makaila. Her bladder is filling up more and she is really feeling the pain of needing to pee.

Jason conjured up a plan to make Makaila even more desperate. As soon as the bathroom was no longer occupied he would run in there and shut the door, and that's exactly what happened. He followed through with his plan. Makaila turned around and saw Jason run in. “no no no no no. I was about to head in there.” Jason playfully responded "the early bird gets the worm"

Jason got lucky that he was drinking that beer. He wasn't desperate but he could make himself pee a little bit to make his plan seem more realistic. He could see Makaila shuffle her feet around under the door, while she was bursting. Makaila crossed her legs. She knocked the door repeatedly. Jason peed and flushed the toilet. This made Makaila hold her crotch and bend down. She didn't care that people might have been looking. Jason turned up the sink all the way, which can be heard from the other side of the door.

Makaila held her crotch again and starting bobbing up and down. He was washing his hands longer than he should have just to tease her even more. Her desperation was a turn on. Suddenly, the music got louder and everyone started dancing. Now plan b can commence.

Jason stepped out of the bathroom and started dancing. He blocked her path and started dancing with her. She couldn't hold still. She danced with him for a while simply for she won't pee herself. It was getting a lot closer to midnight. Makaila whispered loudly in Jason's ear as they were dancing "Jason you know I really have to pee, why are you doing this? are you trying to get back at me from that time I threw a pie at you on april fools?"

Jason knew it wasn't that. The pie bit was hilaroius, but he needed a scapegoat to make it seem like her needed to pee wasn't a turn on. Jason whispered back "yea pretty much, have fun holding your pee while I twirl you around"

"WHAT?" Makaila tried yelling louder than the music. Jason twirled her and swinged her around. She pushed him back and she landed in the couch. Everyone was dancing and having a good time. No one really noticed what was going on.

She is holding her self and she is about to burst in the couch. “I’m going to pee my pants! my bladder is going to explode.” she ran past Jason. She ran past everyone. Jason got a champagne bottle. He was holding it with a glass. He was in the hallway right across Makaila. To Jasons luck (and Makaila's misfortune) the bathroom was occupied. Makaila gasped for air. She bent down and tightly held her crotch. She was tearing up. Her kidneys were symbolically screaming. The countdown was about to start. Jason was slowly pouring the champagne into his cup.

She can see the slow stream of champagne as she begins to leak into her panties. She unbuttened her to relieve her pressure but she was still in pain. Jason kept pouring champagne and Makaila was sweating. She was shaking her hips while holding her crotch tightly, trying to stop another leak. The toilet on the other side flushed followed by sounds of the sink. Jason slowly drank his champagne. The countdown was starting. The door opened and she can finally sit on the porcelain throne she had been craving for so long.

Makaila was about to go in the bathroom but her cousin (the host) pulled her into the living room. "The countdown is about to start I can't let my Makaila miss this" Makaila could barely talk, she was sweating even more. Her bladder felt like it was going to pop. Her breathing was extra heavy. She leaked a little more into her panties. Everyone was counting down while Makaila was shaking her legs and trying to keep it together. "10,9,8,7" Makaila was waiting for the seconds to end so she can finally run to the bathroom. "6,5,4,3" Makaila is leaking even more, a spurt caused a wetspot to show.

"2,1,0 HAPPY NEW YEARS" Everyone is either making out or hugging each other. Jason held Makiala's hand, but Makaila wasn't even noticing. "I gotta go... pee" Makaila could barely form a sentence. She was gasping. She hobbled her way to the bathroom while her bladder was weighing in on her walking. In front of her bathroom was her older friend from work with her kid. "Can you let my little johnny go in first, he told me he needed to go potty really bad" Makaila was absolutely bursting but she couldn't say no to the kid. "G-g go right ahead" johnny went in. "They grow up so fast, I remember when my little johnny was first learning how to walk" Makaila was biting her lip as she can barely pay attention to anything. She was shaking. "Are you ok Makaila?"

Makaila reached her bursting point. "I'm sorry franchesca" she said with tears in her eyes. "I can't-" pee trickled down a little. "Oh Makaila, if you needed to go that bad you could have told him to wait, little johnny understands." It was too late. Pee was gushing out of Makaila. It kept flowing down her tan pants. The pee wouldn't stop. Her bladder deflated but the pee kept on going. Makaila was red in the face. Nearly all her friends and family were there. Makaila's cousin spotted her.

"OH MY GOD WHAT HAPPENED" Makaila was sobbing at this point. "I'm sorry I couldn't hold it in, the bathroom was occupied each time" A few more people checked out what was going on. There was few chuckles. Makaila buried her blushing face in her cousin's shoulders. Jason hugged her from behind. "I'm covered in pee Jason" Jason didn't really care. Makaila's cousin offered her some of her clothes. She changed in her bathroom. Some drunk guy yelled "Yo who the fuck gonna clean the puddle!?" The room was filled with laughter. Makaila's cousin got the mop and some cleaning products. Makaila got her jacket and held Jason's hand. "We're leaving already?"

"I think it's best if you walk me home" Jason's eyes lit up. He felt like the luckiest man in the world. He got to see Makaila desperate, pee, and now he is leaving with her. She said goodbye to her cousin and ran out. She couldn't look at anyone there in the eye anymore.

Jason walked Makaila home.

"Call me okay?"

"sure" responded Jason. Makaila went home to reflect on what just happened. Jason felt like he got much closer to Makaila. Things might turn for the better after all.

