My strange day

Author: Dimwitrolo

*000*2019-05-27 01:30

My day seemed to start normally, but I will admit I don't remember most of it from before I'd come downstairs.

Walking into the front room of our share-house in my pyjamas, nothing was out of the ordinary. Sarah's sat in the middle of the room in her green jammies, cross-legged and focused on the game of Battlefront 2 on the screen. I stand behind her and watch for a bit.

"Having fun?" I ask,leaning over her.

"Mmhmm." She grunts, not looking away from her screen. I stay stood behind her for a while, watching her try and fail to land a fighter inside an Imperial Star Destroyer. So far she's managed to crash two X-wings into the wall, and get shot down by the autocannons. Every time she fails she sighs angrily.

"Not going so well?"

"Do you wanna give it a go?" She retorts, looking up at me angrily.

"Yeah alright." I answer. She doesn't bother giving me the controller though, instead she respawns and runs for another X-wing. As it leaves the hangar for another doomed flight, I feel something warm creeping over my toes.

"Sarah?" I ask, looking down to see a puddle beneath her emerging from her backside, soaking into the carpet.

"Yeah?"

"Are you pissing yourself?"

"What? Oh, ha, yeah." She says, clicking at the control sticks, not reacting to this at all. I knew Sarah could be lazy, but I never had her down for pissing-herself-lazy. Her X-wing collides head first with a TIE fighter. She sighs and drops the controller. A sharp hiss erupts from beneath her and the puddle spreads a little faster for a second. I take a step back and rub my toe on the carpet.

"Why are you pissing yourself?" I ask in a resigned voice. This is a whole new level for her.

"Uh, ‘cause I had to pee? Duh?" She responds. She picks up the controller again, wiping the bottom clean, before respawning once more. I take a step back to consider what I'm looking at.

Sarah's bit of a pudgy girl - not massive, but certainly not in shape. Her brunette hair hangs unceremoniously down her shoulders, not brushed or cleaned. Her undone green PJ top hangs loosely over her body, and underneath are her dark green pants, with an even darker patch blossoming around her backside. The beige carpet beneath her has a matching, growing stain underneath a growing puddle. I look back up to the screen just in time to watch her X-wing blown to pieces by an enemy TIE-fighter. She makes and angry grunt and quits the game. Before I have time to say anything, Amy walks into the room.

"Are you still playing that Star Wars game?" Amy says, walking in. She slumps down onto the couch, letting her house coat flop open. She swings around and kicks her feet up onto the arm-rest.

"Not anymore." Sarah says, leaning forward to eject the disc from the PS2. Her wet backside waves in the air as she does, with more fresh urine pouring out of her PJs. She takes the disc and sits back down on the floor, her ass landing with a wet splat.

"She just pissed herself." I say, turning to Amy. Amy looks up at me.

"Yeah?" She says.

"What do you mean, 'yeah?'" I ask, putting a hand on my hip. "Sarah just sat there and pissed herself!"

"What's your deal today?" Sarah asks, turning to me. I look at her. She doesn't seem bothered by the puddle beneath her. She picks herself off the floor and clambers to her feet, dripping as she does.

"My deal?" I ask. "MY deal?"

"Yeah, what's up Lauren?" Amy asks, picking up the TV remote. "You're acting like she's doing something wrong?"

It's this point when I realised something was up. It's also this point that I left the room in a confused and angry huff.

I walk into the kitchen to catch Natalie rooting through my cupboard. She pulls out one of my tea bags and drops it into her cup. She turns around to the kettle, going bright red when she sees me in the corner of the room.

"Making tea, are you Nat?" I ask, leaning on the door.

"Uhh....no?"

"So what are you doing with my tea bags?"

"Err."

"I pay for those tea bags."

"W-would you like some tea?"

"Yeah alright." I say, stepping into the room. I take over from Natalie, taking out a second tea bag. "Do you want one?"

"Yes please!" She says, grinning and bouncing on the spot.

"I don't mind." I tell her, taking another cup out the cupboard. "But at least ask. I don't like coming home to find all my stuff is gone."

"Sure." She says. She walks over to the table, pulling back a chair. She leans onto the table.

Natalie's our newest house-mate, replacing Annabell who left last month. She still has to learn the rules of the house. And apparently me reminding her of the 'don't take my stuff' rule every day isn't enough to teach her. I can't help but like her though. She's a skinny girl, hazel-skinned and with curly brunette hair down to her jaw. Her green eyes look lovingly up at me over her smile. She always gives me this look when I make her tea.

"So how's your morning?"

"Weird." I tell her, turning my head to look at her. She's prodding the banana in the fruit bowl. "I walked into the lounge to catch Sarah wettting herself, and then Amy acts like it's nothing odd. Then I catch you stealing my tea again."

"Right." She says, not really listening.

"Otherwise, not much worth mentioning." I say, turning back to take the milk out the fridge.

"Making tea, Lauren?" Comes Sarah's voice as she walks into the kitchen with wet foot-falls. She walks over to the counter, PJ's still soaked and clinging to her skin.

"See what I mean?" I ask Natalie, staring at Sarah's soaked crotch. Sarah looks to Natalie and shrugs.

"I like your new PJs, Nat!" Sarah says.

"Thanks!" Nat responds, perking up. "I think they're such a great shade of purple, and the paisley pattern really brings that out!"

"Oh for sure." Sarah says. "And those shorts are so cute!"

"That's why I picked 'em!" Nat says. She stands up and does a little twist to show them off. "I think they might be a little loose though."

I decide to tune out of their fascinating conversation and go back to making tea. I drop a third tea bag into a third cup just in time for the kettle to finish. I lean over, pick it up, and pour it into the first cup. When the water finished pouring, the splashing doesn't stop however. And now it's coming from behind me. I turn to see why.

Natalie and Sarah are stood talking by the table. That's normal.

They're still talking about Nat's pyjama choice. That's normal.

Sarah's PJs are wet and clinging to her. That's normal.

And Natalie's legs are glistening as pee pours down them, through her PJ shorts. That's very much not normal.

"Natalie?" I say, placing the tea cup on the counter.

"Yeah?" She says, spinning to look at me. Facing me head on, I get a full view of the dark patch spreading over her crotch; the pale yellow urine splatter down her legs; the growing puddle beneath her feet. She's wetting herself. She's stood there, all innocent-faced, wetting herself, and quite casually too. Not even remotely bothered by the pee splashing down her legs. Sarah doesn't even react when Natalie's presumably-still-warm puddle begins to envelop her left foot.

"Sorry - am I going nuts?" I ask, too dumbstruck to look away from the streaks running down Natalie's skin. The electric light above is reflected almost perfectly between her feet - or it would be if it weren't from the ripples as more and more is added to the puddle.

"Yeah, but that's nothing new.” Sarah laughs, pushing Natalie's shoulder gently.

"No no no no no." I say, frowning. “You've both just pissed yourselves."

"Well I can see why you don't need glasses." Sarah says, grinning. "Any other genius observations?"

"Only thing I observe is you not making tea." Natalie pipes up.

I don't know how to respond. So I turn around at the tea cups again. One cup is full, and the other two are waiting. I can't quite wrap my head around what's going on, so I make finish making the tea. Feeling rather dazed, I leave two cups on the table for Nat and Sarah, before taking my own tea with me into the lounge again, avoiding the fresh puddle on the floor. I leave Natalie and Sarah still talking about Natalie's purple jammies as if nothing was happening.

I walk into the lounge and carefully sit down on the sofa. Amy's left the room at some point, and right now the room is empty, with the TV just running the local news. It's something about the election, but I'm far too weirded out to pay attention.

Sarah pissed herself, and acted like it was nothing.

Amy reacted like it was nothing.

And then Natalie pissed herself and acted like it was nothing.

And then Sarah reacted like it was nothing - EVEN WHILE NATALIE PISSED ON HER FEET.

"What's eating you?" Amy says, walking back in to the front room. She's put on her work uniform - a grey skirt, grey tights, and white shirt. She's tying her blonde-hair into a ponytail, holding a hair band between her teeth.

"I...I don't know." I answer. "What have you been up to?"

"Nothing much. Yet." She says, taking the band out her mouth. "I've just got out the bathroom-"

"BATHROOM. YES! I knew I wasn't going mad!" I shout.

"Excuse me?"

"Those two just wet themselves like it was nothing, and acted like I was the weird one for calling them out!" I say, pointing roughly in the direction of our bathroom. "But you went to the bathroom!"

"What on earth are you talking about?" She asks, looking at me the same way Natalie and Sarah both had.

"You used the toilet!" I laugh, leaning back in my chair. I don't remember putting my tea down, but I clap my hands together and I don't throw tea everywhere.

"Have you taken something?" She asks, turning around to the mirror on the wall. She brushes her hair with her hand. "'cause you're acting real strange."

"W-what?"

"Oh never mind. What's the time, Lauren?" She asks. I look to the TV. The news is still running, with a little clock on the bottom right. The more I look at it, the more it looks like a bunch of numbers. I squint my eyes and try to make it out.

"Err, I don't know?" I answer, looking back up to Amy. She sighs loudly and checks it out herself.

"Oh damn, I'm gonna be late." She says. "I better get a move on - you're gonna be alright, aren't you?"

"I....err...." I mumble, looking up at her. She groans again. She steps over to me.

She leans over me and presses my head against the back of the chair, looking into my eyes. She tilts my head left, then right, all the while looking into my eyes.

"Well your pupils aren't dilated, your eyes aren't red - do you think someone spiked your tea or something?"

"I don't...." I begin, before feeling something hot splashing over my own legs. Am I wetting myself too?

No.

I'm not.

She is.

Amy is leaning over me, inspecting my eyes, while a yellow stream begins to pour out from under her skirt. A wet patch begins to spread down the front as the culprit pours onto my knees. I'm stunned into silence as warmth begins to pour down my calves down to my feet. I don't quite know what to do - how would you respond if your best friend of six years just casually pissed on you?

"Amy?" I say, looking back up from her skirt. "Y-you're peeing."

"Shush." She says, leaning up even further and peeing onto my thighs. She presses a hand onto my cheek, forcing my face to look up and to the left.

"What are you....?" I begin. Before I can finish, she lets go and takes a step back. I sit stunned as Amy's pee soaks into my Jammies, running down my thighs and pooling at my backside.

"You look fine." She says with a look of concern. "Why are you acting like this?"

"Why am I acting like this?" I say indignantly. "I'm the one acting up? You just pissed on me."

"Why does that bother you?" She says, putting her hand on her chin as she continues to wet herself. Dark streaks run down her tights, and there's another dark stain on the floor next to the one Sarah had left barely ten minutes ago. A small puddle is growing from between either foot. Natalie walks in to the room, with Sarah close behind her.

"Hey, you two." Amy says, looking up to Nat and Sarah. They both walk into the room, standing on either side of Amy.

Sarah with her green PJ pants, soaked from crotch to foot.

Natalie in her purple PJ shorts, soaked entirely around the rim.

And Amy, currently quite casually peeing into her tights.

They all stand and look at me, sat in my chair, and the only one with dry pyjamas.

"Something's up with Lauren." Amy says.

"Something's up with me!?" I shout back, leaning forward. "I haven't just pissed myself!" I shout.

"Dude, what's up with you today?" Sarah asks, yawning and pulling at her waistband.

"You're acting really strange." Natalie says, leaning on her hip and tapping her foot. It splashes against Amy's growing puddle.

I don't know what to say. I look at the three girls until Amy finishes peeing. I stare at the floor below her as the last drips fall into it. My mind goes blank. All I'm aware of is the chair beneath me, and a very sudden and desperate full bladder.

"I....d-don't know." I answer. I look back up to them. They look quite concerned. "But...I really need to pee...."

"So?" Amy says.

"Go on then." Natalie answers.

"Maybe it'll make you feel better?" Sarah suggests.

I don't know what to do. So I take Natalie's advice. I relax.

I don't remember feeling so desperate to pee, but as soon as I relax that urge floods away with a hit of powerful relief. Hot liquid begins to pour out of me, soaking into my PJs and pouring down my thighs, pooling under my backside beneath me. I grin as it puddles under my ass, warming my cheeks before it soaks into the chair beneath me. Everything starts to make sense as my bladder empties into my pyjamas. I get it now. I understand why all three of my housemates wet themselves - it feels so good to let it go! Warmth spreads down my calves as the pee floods over the edge of the chair, wrapping around my legs as it pours down, splashing into the carpet, soaking around my toes. I let myself grin and I press my legs firmly together, squishing the fabric of my pyjamas.

"Lauren." Natalie says, looking at me.

"mmm....what?" I respond, lost in bliss.

"You're wetting yourself."

"....I know...." I respond weakly through a grin. I move one hand over my body and rest it between my legs, letting warm urine flood over my fingers.

"Wake up Lauren." Natalie responds.

"I'm not....asleep..." I say, opening my eyes and looking up. Natalie's stood in front of me in her purple PJs. I look straight into her crotch. It looks....dry.

"She isn't, is she?" Sarah asks. I glance over. She's sat cross legged on the floor, playing Battlefront 2 on the TV. I look up to see her land a TIE-bomber expertly inside a rebel ship's hangar, before pausing the game and looking up to me. "Oh Christ, she actually is."

"Hey, have any of you seen my - Oh for God's sake." Amy says, walking into the room, tying her hair into a ponytail. "Again, Lauren?" She says. She pushes my shoulder. The sudden movement wakes me up. I'm suddenly very aware of my surroundings.

My backside is soaked and warm. My thighs are beginning to get cold, and a wet stain runs along the length of them, going over the edge of the seat. I can feel my PJs clinging to the backs of my calves, and my feet are resting against a very wet carpet.

"That's my favourite chair, too." Sarah says, looking back to the screen and unpausing her game.

"What was the last thing I said to you Natalie, before I went to bed?"

"T-to make sure she didn't fall asleep in the chair." Natalie responds, trying not to giggle at me.

"Do you know why I told you that?"

"I fell asleep!" She argues back. "I didn't know she'd....do that!"

Amy walks over and gestures for Natalie to move. She leans over me and tries to not step in my puddle.

"Come on." She says, pushing my shoulder. "Get up, get cleaned up, and don't fall asleep down here again."

