Maggie's Desperate Afternoon

Author: desperatebabe

*000*2020-03-31 22:38

Maggie went on her lunch break at 1:45pm. A little later than usual, but she was flexible. She worked at a large department store doing anything from stocking shelves to helping on cash. It definitely wasn't glamorous work, but it was helping to pay for school. She clocked out for lunch and smiled at a coworker. Tall and beautiful, she easily captured the attention of others.

She pulled an energy drink out of her bag and began to sip it while deciding what she would eat. After 10 minutes, she drained the last few drops and stood up to throw away the can. She felt full and heavy with all the liquid in her stomach and opted to skip lunch. She wasted a few more minuted playing on her phone, before punching back in and returning to the floor.

###

She finished her last break at 2:30, one hour before her shift was over. She did feel a twinge in her bladder, but decided to ignore it for now. The bathrooms in the store were honestly horrific. She'd use them if she really had to, but only if her need was quite urgent. For now though, she just refilled her water bottle and bounced off to the front cashes where she'd spend the remainder of her shift.

###

She clocked out at exactly 3:30, gathered her coat and bag from the back room and began making her way to out of the store. She paused in front of the washrooms, contemplating. She did feel a definite need at this point, but it was no where near urgent, and then bathrooms were so gross. Then, glancing at her now empty water bottle, she decided it was better to be safe and go now while she had the chance. However just as she decided this, the cleaner put up a "closed for cleaning" sign.

Oh well, she thought. She really didn't have to go that badly, and she only had a 15 minute walk to the bus stop, a 30 minute bus ride, and then a 5 minute walk home. Less than an hour. She was used to holding to some extent due to her aversion to public bathrooms, and felt confident she could make it home with minimal discomfort.

She left the store and was met with cold January air that sent a shiver through her body and made her very much aware of her bladder. She paused for a second, contemplating turning around and waiting for the cleaner to finish, but ultimately decided to continue on.

###

She arrived at the bus stop just as her bus was pulling away. Of course. She sat down on a bench and immediately crossed her legs. Her need had grown considerably in the 15 minutes it took to get to the bus stop, and she was beginning to get quite uncomfortable. She checked her phone to see when the next bus would get there. Okay, in 15 minutes. That's not so bad. 15 minute wait, 30 minute ride, 5 minute walk. I can do this.

She shifted in her seat, then scrolled through her phone to try to distract herself from her growing need.

Just over 10 minutes had gone by when she looked up from her phone in frustration. It was doing very little to distract her from her bladder at this point.

Oh my god I'm such a fucking idiot. Just across the street from where she was sitting there was a public library. If she'd thought of it 10 minutes ago she would have had tons of time to run across the street, take a quick pee, then be back for the next bus. But now the bus would be arriving any minute, and there was no way she'd be back in time. She crossed and recrossed her legs and squirmed in her seat, trying to get as comfortable as possible. She considered running across the street anyway and just waiting for the next bus anyway, but it was so cold out and she really just wanted to get home.

A minute or so later the bus finally pulled up. She stood up and made her way towards the doors, She was able to walk normally, but it felt like torture. 35 more minutes. I can do this.

She took a seat towards the back of the bus, tightly crossed her legs, and bent forward. She once again pulled out her phone to offer some kind of distraction.

Halfway through her journey and she could not believe how much her need had grown. She tried to be as subtle as possible, but she was constantly crossing, uncrossing, and recrossing her legs, as well as squirming in her seat and occasionally bouncing up and down. Not making it to a bathroom in time hadn't ever crossed her mind until this point, but she was beginning to become worried. Every bump the bus hit sent painful jolts through her bladder.

She looked out the window at all the stores and restaurants that probably had bathrooms she could use before shuttering and turning away. She tried to turn her mind to something else, but all she could think of was all the liquid she drank and how there was no way her bladder could hold it all.

No. I'm going to make it. I have to. She recrossed her legs and stared straight ahead, focusing all her energy on keeping her panties dry.

Finally her stop was announced. She gratefully rang the bell and stood up to make her way to the doors.

Oof. She was not expecting the weight in her bladder when she stood. She had to pause, cross her legs, and bend forward slightly. She grabbed a bar, pretending to just be off balance. She'd be mortified if anyone around her knew her situation.

Once she regained her composure, she walked to the back doors and waited for them to open. She had her legs tightly crossed and was bobbing up and down ever so slightly. The doors finally opened and she stepped off and was once again hit with cold air. This time she was forced to double over with her legs crossed tight. it was all she could do not to shove her hands into her crotch.

Once she adjusted to the temperature she began the short walk home.

Okay, this isn't so bad. I can do this. Walking was actually helping a bit. She got to the first and only crosswalk of her journey just as the light turned red. Damn it, she thought as she pressed the button. She absolutely could not stand still, but she was on a fairly busy road and felt she couldn't break into a full on pee pee dance like a child. She tightly crossed her legs, then recrossed them, then bobbed in place, then shifted from foot to foot, trying to remain as subtle as possible, but desperately trying to hold back the tsunami in her bladder.

The light finally turned green and she set off on her way again. Although walking was helping a bit, she had to stop occasionally to cross her legs as she was overcome with waves of desperation.

Finally she was half a block from her house. She'd done it! She'd made it dry! Relief was so so close. She continued walking and excitedly reached into her coat pocket for her key but--No. No this is not happening. She checked her other pocket. No. No no no no nonono not today. No this can't be happening. She was notorious for forgetting her keys, but she'd never been locked out in such a state.

She had now reached her front porch and was frantically hopping from foot to foot, trying not to cry.

Okay Maggie calm down. There is a spare key in the shed in the back yard. Get the key. Unlock the door. Pee. You can do this.

She tried to slow her breathing and she made her way to the back yard. As soon as she passed through the back gate she shoved her hands deeply into her crotch and broke out into a panicked pee pee dance. She had to go. Now.

She frantically looked around her small back yard for a place to squat, but she really didn't have any shrubbery or anything. And the flood of her yellow pee on the winter snow would be so obvious to the neighbours.

Maggie no. Get it together. You can hold it. Get the key. Unlock the door. Pee. You got this.

She glanced towards her back door and in desperation hobbled there to try and open it. She was disappointed but not surprised when she was met with a handle that wouldn't budge.

She hobbled over to the shed, hands still buried in her crotch, and opened the doors.

Okay it's in an empty flower pot on the top shelf. You can do this.

She attempted to reach up, but when she moved her hand away from her crotch and stretched up she felt a dribble escape into her cotton panties.

No no no, she thought and rammed her hand back in place. She took a deep, but laboured breath and tried again. She reached into the flower pot, half expecting the key to not be there with all the bad luck she was having, but was absolutely delighted when her fingers touched the cold metal.

She stuffed the key in her back pocket and pushed her hand back into her crotch. She hobbled her way through her back yard, but froze once she got to her back gate. She lived in a town houses which all shared a communal laneway, meaning she'd have to go out the laneway and halfway around her block to reach her front door. She would be beyond humiliated if anyone saw her in this state, let alone her neighbours who she knew quite well.

She carefully peeled her hands away from her crotch before frantically hopping from foot to foot, trying to stop any more pee from escaping. She eventually felt okay enough to begin walking towards her front door.

Okay. Small, slow steps. You can do this.

She hobbled along, unable to fully straighten up, and finally made it to her door, only having to stop twice to cross her legs as small spurts escaped.

With a shaky hand she attempted to unlock the door. She had just gotten the door unlocked when she was hit with an overwhelming wave of desperation. She gasped as she felt a dribble of pee begin to escape and started sobbing.

No Maggie. Absolutely not. You are not peeing your pants on your own front porch. That is not happening. Get it together and get inside and get upstairs.

She managed to stem the flow and hobbled inside. All she had to do was (somehow) climb up the stairs and get to the end of the hallway. Then she could finally get relief.

Not bothering to take off her coat or boots, she hobbled over to the bottom of the stairs, keeping both hands pressed against her crotch as hard as she could. She decided to take the stairs slowly, knowing she was very close to losing control. She awkwardly made her way up, in a weird sideways fashion. She lost a drop every second step or so, but eventually made it up.

She began making her way down the hallway, losing a small drop with every step she took, despite how hard she was pressing. She finally made it to the bathroom, but once again was met with a problem. She couldn't get her pants down without removing her hands from her crotch, but she knew that as soon as she let go with her hands she'd completely lose it.

She whimpered, then slowly removed one hand. A small dribble started, and rather than fight to stop it, she just focused on getting her jeans undone and down as quickly as possible. As soon as she let go with the other hand to get her pants down, a powerful stream started. She quickly pulled down her jeans and panties and slammed herself onto the toilet.

She sighed and leaned back as a powerful torrent of pee hit the toilet. She had no idea relief could feel this good.

After a full minute and a half, her bladder had finished emptying. She looked down to inspect the damage. Her panties were completely soaked, not surprising. But her jeans weren't in that bad of shape. There was a pretty obvious wet spot at her crotch that dropped down one side towards her knee. Honestly, not bad considering how close she had been to completely losing it.

She felt weirdly impressed with herself. Proud even. That was hands down the most desperate to pee she'd ever been, and she'd been able to make it to the toilet with minimal damage to her pants.

It made her wonder what her true breaking point was, and she felt a strange sense of competitiveness. She wanted to try it again.

