Planet of Desperation - Page 2

Author: DerivativeWings

*028*2017-10-21 14:10

With all four chapters of "Planet of desperation, part 1" completed, I thought I would do a bit of an explanation for what to expect from the series going forward. As always, these things will end up depending on how much free I end up having, which is always a little tough to tell in advance.

Planet of Desperation, part 2

When part 2 comes around, I will make a new thread for that. Similarily to this one, it will span four chapters and continue where the story left off. However, this will probably be a while into the future; the chapters need to be planned out in advance and right now I only have a general framework for where the story should go.

Planet of Desperation, side stories

The world of this story is much larger than the main storyline. To explore this, I plan to write smaller side stories focusing on particular characters and settings. I'm going to do at least two such stories before I move back to the main storyline. I've decided on one of these stories but for the other, I'm going to ask you, the readers, for help. Please vote for one of the following stories in this thread. You will notice tags next to the stories, these note which characters will appear in each story.

- Nora Turnstar, Mad Scientist! [Leanore Turnstar]

- Sarah Lee's Urene mishap [Sarah Lee]

- Ceel, the sleeping beauty [Ceel Heart]

- Cookin' with Meranda [Meranda Southharett] [Leanore Turnstar]

Super secret unknown project

I have a super secret project no-one will know of for some time. But I think it's awesome. This will probably happen sometime after part 2, unless I change my mind. The details of this project is kept highly under wraps, with Federation higher-ups being the only ones with the security clearance to read the secret files.

Ceel's question time

Since the world of this story is set in the future, the day-to-day life of the characters is a little different than ours. There have been people in this thread who were curious about certain societal details in planet of desperation. For example, why people don't use the public toilet that often, and what the potential punishments of peeing outside are. To help me with this, I brought in one of the characters to answer your questions. So without further ado...

"Helloo everyone, I'm Ceel Heart! Standing here, on this podium, yes sir that's me! For a limited time only, I will answer any questions you may have, don't even worry about it!"

You can ask her about herself, for example:

Q: What is your favorite drink?

"Easy question! Cola-flavored Miss Q!"

You could also ask her about the world of Planet of Desperation, like:

Q: What the heck is Miss Q?

"You never had any? It's a very popular soft drink, you get them from vending machines."

Keep in mind though, Ceel doesn't know everything. If you ask her a question she doesn't know the answer to, she might get confused.

"Nope, ask whatever you want! I know everything! For instance, I totally know what the federation is up to!"

...I'm pretty sure she doesn't. I had Ceel do this since she doesn't know about anything relating to future plot points.

So anyway, vote for the next side story I should write, and ask Ceel a question or two.

*030*2017-10-21 20:44

{{42 minutes ago, wedgeantilles said:

A great story and I am realy looking forward to future chapter!

I vote for the MadScientist!

Question:

Is there something like a resistance to the changes (especially the toilet ones) the aliens brought?

}}

"Oh! We talked about this in History recently. There has apparently been a few countries that have had large-scale protests break out. However, those were directed mostly at the local government, I think..?"

"I don't remember many more details... But I think it had to do with the fact that individual countries choose how to implement and enforce the toilet directives. I don't remember any big protests happening in this country."

*033*2017-10-22 06:55

{{9 hours ago, Nikeryda said:

What happens if someones bladder is unnaturally small and they can't possibly make it to the toilet in time?

}}

"You can apply for special Federation grants if you get a medical disability like this later in your life. I know a lady who went through an additional training program after first first child."

{{9 hours ago, Nikeryda said:

Is there any sort of training done to ensure people can wait long enough for the bathroom?

}}

"Yeah, we go through it during kindergarten and early grade school. I've always had a giant bladder though, so no problem for me!"

{{9 hours ago, Nikeryda said:

How do those public toilets work exactly?

}}

"They are these tube-like buildings, you find them outside in public areas. You press your hand against a symbol and the door opens, presto! After you're done, the toilet closes for thirty seconds, to clean I think. Depending on the size of the city, the Federation gives you a certain number of them. Our city has three, so there's are pretty much always a queue."

"Hmm... Anything else.. Oh! Right!" Ceel rolls up her right sleeve and shows off some fluorescent light emanating from her arm.

"These things also help us find the closest one. Handy, huh?"

*034*2017-10-22 07:01

{{2 hours ago, Weasel said:

I'm generally one for super-realistic stories (see my own series, the Gentleman

), but this is pretty amazing. I love the toilet-time setup. There are quite a lot of ways you could play around with that system. Seems to me that some people would start selling their toilet times. And have diapers been made illegal? I'd be fine with that, not my thing... but it would seem like a logical response.

Or how about traveling scenarios? Your toilet time could really screw you over on a road trip or a plane flight.

Nurses would be even more screwed than usual.

And making popping a squat outdoors illegal... wow!

Can't wait to see what you do with it!

}}

I'm not sure if you're asking me or Ceel questions. (The first part of the story is over, so I'm letting one of the characters answer reader questions for a while.) I'll pick out some of your questions for Ceel to answer later anyway, since you've asked some pretty relevant stuff.

I'm glad you like the story, by the way! I wanted to build an entire world around a few, unique concepts and people seem into it so far.

*035*2017-10-22 11:41

{{6 hours ago, Weasel said:

Or how about traveling scenarios? Your toilet time could really screw you over on a road trip or a plane flight.

}}

"The program that fixes the times tend to compensate for flights. Though, if your plane is late, you could still get screwed over."

"Doing it on the road in the middle of nowhere is technically illegal, but..."

{{6 hours ago, Weasel said:

Nurses would be even more screwed than usual.

}}

"Oh yeah, nurses just staight-up need big bladders."

*037*2017-10-23 12:40

{{11 hours ago, randomrobot007 said:

Hey Ceel what is the biggest queue for the toilet you have seen?

}}

"Hmm... They all tend to be pretty long. Unless it's really early in the morning or something you should probably expect to see twenty people or more lining up for them. The longest one I've seen... One of the three public toilets in town is near this area with like a bunch of arcades and stuff. That one get's really crowded, I think I saw more than fifty people lining up there once."

And with that, Ceel's question time is now over. It was fun fleshing out the world a little more, and seeing which questions I already knew the answer to.

I have exams and stuff coming up so I'm probably not writing again for a bit. When I do, I'll be posting two side stories in a separate topic. After this, the main story will continue, also in a different topic. (Which I will name "Planet of desperation, part 2" so no-one gets confused.)

*040*2017-10-25 15:43

{{18 hours ago, Noone000 said:

Once you write each of these separate topics, will you post a link to them here, so if they take a while followers can get a notification leading them to the new stories?

}}

Yeah I will

*041*2017-11-18 11:15

It's been a while, but a side story has now been released - here

.

I was expecting to be able to finish it a lot sooner- but a number of aspects of my life ended up getting in the way (Like getting a cold twice in a row grrr)

Ceel, Sleeping Beauty and Nora Turnstar, Mad Scientist! got a vote each, so I started writing both of them and went with the one I thought would turn out best.

There's another side story coming up, it's more than halfway finished so the wait shouldn't be as long. After that, I will start planning Planet of Desperation, part 2, which will be 3-5 parts long and continue where the story left off.

*044*2018-03-05 14:59

Part II is up, you can read it here

.

*046*2018-03-05 22:34

{{1 hour ago, warham1995 said:

I think that you should put up more side stories for said series. please and thank you by the way. }}

I'll keep your preference in mind. Part II will be fully completed during the following two weeks, but I have plans for potential side stories, too.

*049*2018-03-06 15:15

@YourFNF

, lotta questions. Some very good ones.

{{8 minutes ago, YourFNF said:

So what do the aliens do about nonbinary/genderqueer people?

}}

That's a really good question! Most bathrooms (Public, home) are not gendered to begin with. There is no real need for gendered bathrooms since they only house one occupant anyway. The school bathrooms in the story are gendered, but in name only, really. The end result is that even though there are four bathrooms in the school, any one individual may only access the two of their choice.

{{8 minutes ago, YourFNF said:

Hell I'd probably piss in the trash can in protest.

}}

That would be illegal.

{{8 minutes ago, YourFNF said:

So nobody just pops the lock?

}}

That would be very illegal.

{{8 minutes ago, YourFNF said:

Also why the hell would this galaxy spanning civilization be interested in toilet habits of a species of hairless primates?

}}

The Federation prohibits me from answering this question.

