Clementine Strength Test

Author: DenSak

*000*2020-06-09 13:47

This is my second post. I tried hard on it and writing it was very hard. Thank you for the attention!

Time frame. Soon after the end of season 4.

Clementine woke up in the early morning. Again. She can not fall asleep after what happened. Imminent death, the eyes of Violet. It all killed her. She got out of bed. AJ was sleeping peacefully in bed. Outside the window, the sun was slowly rising. She went out for a walk in the morning. Everything was pretty quiet. Violet was standing on the tower.

- How are you Wai?

- Hi Clementine. Yes, my shift will end soon. Brody will come and replace me. By the way, didn’t Louis invite you to the attic today?

- No. Should he? ”She smiled unobtrusively. How is it that Louis did not invite her. Her girlfriend.

- My shift is about to end. And we plan to hold one small championship. I don’t think you will like it. But then wait for me.

Clementine just shook her head. Championship? However, she was not invited? Eating something? However, she leaned on her still aching leg and waited. All the same, she put a simple wooden prosthesis.

Soon, Wai went down and pulled her. She pulled her pretty quickly. That was weird. Surprisingly, Rudy was there. Like Louis. Apparently it was an interesting and private competition.

“Clem ... I didn’t wait for you,” said Louis.

- Yes. As you can see, I can suddenly come.

- Come on Louis! In the end, you wanted a recharge! ”Said Wai.

- Okay ... Clem do you know what we will play?

- Emmm .... To the cards?

- No ... Wai explain to her.

- In short, Clementine. This water — she pointed to 4 five-liter bottles — they are for us. And very soon they will be in us. The one whose first bubble explodes is eliminated. And you have to undress right away. In order not to wet your pants. That's all. We play alternately actions. How do you like the idea?

- I ... I ...- Clem was a little shocked. She certainly didn’t expect this .... They endure ... With each other .... Okay. At least it was quite interesting. More interesting than everyday life.

- I agree, she agreed. However, she was pretty red.

- Wonderful. Let's start.

After some ten minutes, they were all stripped. Clem was embarrassed by the presence of her underwear. Especially that Louis sees her. Louis, as usual, turned redder. It affected Violet and Brody much less. They drank a liter from the very beginning.

“Why so much?” Clem was indignant.

- How why? To make the water reach the bladder faster! ”Brody looked at Clem.

Decently passed an awkward silence.

- So now a little more. Kakdomu half a liter! -Everyone drank again. Clem became agitated ... All of them .... Such .... She had no words to describe it. And she tried to pretend that she did not notice the bulge on Louis' boxers. However, the fact that she did not go to the toilet in the morning made itself felt. Light weight pressed from below. She fidgeted a little.

- You already? - Wai was surprised.

- No! Of course not! I can hold it for a long time, almost screaming, said Clem. She was embarrassed.

- Yes? Then we begin the assignment. Clem. Put this belt on Wai’s belly. She handed her a tight narrow belt. Clem did it. Now the sensations were about 4/10. The belt unpleasantly pressed on her elastic stomach. If she continues to drink it will put pressure on the bladder.

- You are now giving Brody assignments.

- Good ... Wander .... Until the end of the game you are sitting with legs apart.

- CLEM! IT'S TOO TOO! -Brody understood that it would be difficult in the last stages.

- My decision....

- Good-Brody fulfilled him-Louis. Dress the belt Louis fulfilled.

- Wai .... Drink a free-kick, he gave her a glass of five hundred milliliters.

Everyone completed their tasks. Brodie 4/10 Louis 3/10 Wai 3/10 Clem 5/10.

After half an hour they drank another liter. It was getting serious. Clem hoped to still come out dry. However, feeling such a huge weight in her stomach, she realized that it would be difficult.

- Now me again. Clem. As soon as you get wet you take off your panties! Here is my task!

“Wai!” Clem screeched indignantly.

- No but! Come on next.

- Wander on the belt ....

- Yes, you want my death-Brody pulled on a belt. It was getting worse and worse for everyone.

“Louis, don't use your hands until the end — she turned to him.” Louis's breathing became uneven and he removed his hands. Tension has become only greater.

- Wai take off your bra.

- Louis! This is not ....

- Remove ....

This move has been completed. Wai now sat red like cancer with bare breasts.

Brody 6/10 Louis 4/10 Clem 6/10 Wai 5/10

The next move began. Clementine was getting worse. They all drank another liter. She could not help but fidget.

- Clem put another belt on. This time to the bladder.

Clementine fulfilled ... God, how difficult .... She will soon begin to leak.

- Wander, press on your bladder for the next hour.

- ARE YOU KIDDING? Am I the leakage?

- Rumble the rules there are rules ...

- Mhh ... Okay ...

Heavy moans constantly swept from her.

- Louis .... Mhm .... Get rid of the boxers ...

Louis turned completely red. He took off his boxers. It was hard ..... The cold air constantly worsened his patience.

- Wai .... Drink a free kick ...

“Louis, I’ll explode!”

- Come on ....

The round is over. Clementine began to lose ground ....

Brody 8/10 Louis 6/10 Clem 9/10 Wai 7/10

Clementine used everything she could. Your fingers pose. But the forces were running out. The first trickle was soaked in her panties. She gasped.

- Oooh .....- Wai and Brody sighed excitedly.

“It's all right ....” she took off her panties. As I promised.

- Luis assignments for both you and her. Throw each other down and press on the urine until one of you gives up.

Brody giggled. A game has begun that will end for just one.

Louis blushed but went to complete the mission. She hung over Clem and began to press her hand on her urine. She was groaning and groaning. But her time too. She took off her bra to distract him and with both hands pressed on his urine. Louis gasped. It was hard .... Their breaths went astray. Clementine stroked his urine and constantly massaged it. It almost did not leak. He writhed with all his might and crushed .... But he lost. He lost control of his bladder. From it poured a stream that did not stop for a second. Brodie gasped and tried not to pay attention. But she, too, began to leak ..... Clem used both hands to hold on ... And she stood. Louis embarrassedly leaned back and covered herself .... Only she remained ... and Wai ....

Wai pounced on Clementine massaging her chest and bubble .... Clementine gasped in surprise .... She let out a small trickle and noticed that after the whole show Wai barely holds on. She grabbed her legs and hugged her. A powerful spasm hit her bladder ... She gasped in pain, like Wai ... She writhed and tried to get out, but she began to lose control. After that Clem leaked ... And Wai exploded. A powerful stream hit the boards ... Wai could not stop .... Clementine barely held ... Every second was on the brush .... She moved away and wanted to go out ... But she realized that she was completely naked ... Wai did not could still move ... However, it was clear that the others would not let her go ...

- Guys.....

Brodie and Louis grabbed her arms and legs and started to tickle ... It was unbearable ... Clementine's bladder exploded ... After a long laugh, she stopped ....

- This ... It was wonderful .....

- Repeat. Surely .... - Wai sighed and smiled ...

