Bedtime Desperation: Giving in to the Urge

Author: DerekOmoso

*000*2023-03-27 06:45

Katie loved nothing more than the feeling of a full bladder, the anticipation and excitement of holding her pee for as long as possible. But what she loved even more was the feeling of letting go, of wetting herself and feeling the warm wetness spread across her skin.

One night, she decided to indulge in her desires and purposely drank several glasses of water before bed, even though she knew it would make her need to pee. She slipped into a pair of white cotton panties and her favorite pair of pajama pants, feeling the tight fabric press against her bladder.

As she lay in bed, Katie reveled in the sensation of her full bladder, feeling it ache and throb with each passing minute. She shifted her hips, feeling the fabric of her pajama pants rub against her damp panties. She couldn't help but giggle at the thought of what she was doing, feeling both naughty and exhilarated.

As time passed, Katie let out small spurts of pee into her panties, feeling the wetness slowly spread across her skin. She moaned with pleasure, feeling her desire build with each passing moment. She let out one last long stream of pee, feeling it soak through her panties and pajama pants.

Katie lay there in the wetness, feeling satisfied and fulfilled. For her, there was nothing more thrilling than indulging in her desires and feeling like a secret rebel, even if it meant wetting the bed.

(Another one from ChatGPT. I find it difficult to get it to make a story about bedwetting. But I think I have a workaround now! Hope you enjoyed!)

