The Loud Echoes of the Ladies Room

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2023-03-08 19:25

This current story was inspired by a discussion that I started in another thread asking whether it was more difficult hearing men peeing loudly or women peeing loudly when you are desperate to go to the bathroom. I had been thinking of the question from the perspective of the fact that men when they stand up to pee make a lot more noise peeing into the toilet, which when you are a woman not getting to go to the bathroom is especially frustrating, but somebody brought up an interesting response that there is probably lots of loud noises in the ladies room of women peeing, toilets flushing and all of these other noises in the ladies room, and that's when I thought to myself that's actually a pretty good point it actually does get pretty loud in the ladies room!

And although I had described the sound of the ladies room before in previous stories I thought it would be interesting to do a story focusing mostly on sound, and just to make everything even more over-the-top I decided to give my character enhanced hearing, and how she has to deal with that while desperate to go to the bathroom.

Maybe this is a little bit of a personal story as well because I'm constantly told that my hearing is bad, and yet I always think I hear things that a lot of other people don't hear, so I naturally translated that into what would happen if I had enhanced hearing and how that would affect a situation in an already loud ladies room.

Also in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/11684.html

The Loud Echoes of the Ladies Room

"I find that one of the most frustrating things when I really have to pee is the sound of other people peeing, it just sort of triggers you to want to go to the bathroom as well," Jill said.

"I guess that must be really terrible when you are in the ladies room," Angus said. "I mean all of the sounds of flushing and peeing and faucets running, and all of those other noises of the ladies room, it must just be unbearable."

"It's worse when you hear a guy peeing loudly off in the distance when you know you can't relieve yourself as easily. But I have to admit my hearing isn't all that great, in fact I am actually going for a medical procedure that is supposed to make my hearing better, maybe even make it superior to normal human hearing."

"Well I hope your procedure goes really well, it must be terrible when you can't hear very clearly."

The next day Jill had her medical procedure done that would hopefully correct her hearing difficulties. Luckily it was a simple outpatient procedure so she would be able to go home the same day after being given a hearing test.

"You passed the test with flying colors, I would say that your hearing is now superior to that of the average human being," Dr. Lindsay said as she looked over her charts. "I can see no reason why we can't release you right now, but if you experience any problems with your ears or hearing please don't hesitate to let us know."

Jill nodded and was glad that her hearing impairment had been corrected and now she could hear like normal. In fact as she walked out into the streets for the first time everything sounded so much louder than before, as though the volume in her head had been totally at the lowest volume and now somebody had jacked it up to maximum. In fact it was a little bit jarring as she didn't like all of the loud noises that she was hearing in the background.

"Well I guess it's better than being hearing impaired," Jill said as she started walking up and down the streets drinking a really large drink as it was a warm day and she was finding herself incredibly thirsty. She was surprised at how fast she finished her giant big gulp drink when all the sudden she realized that she really needed the bathroom pretty badly but now she found herself in the park where she didn't see any sign of bathrooms.

She probably should have noticed that she heard the sound of people using hoses rather loudly in the city streets while she was walking as an indication that her bladder was gradually filling, but now that she was away from the city she looked like she was in a bathroomless void.

As Jill stood there trying to think what she should do next, that was when she suddenly heard a loud hissing noise coming from the bushes. She could understand that sound anywhere, it was the sound of liquid making impact on a tree, but it wasn't just any liquid, it was the distinctive hiss of a man peeing up against the tree trunk, but she had never heard a guy peeing that loudly before. Sure she had heard guys making a loud pee in a toilet, but just peeing up against a tree shouldn't have been so incredibly loud.

"Hey Jill," Angus said coming out from behind the bushes looking extremely relaxed and content. "How did the procedure go to correct your hearing impairment?"

"You know I think it went pretty well, maybe a little bit too well, everything sounds really loud, like I could have sworn I heard somebody taking a whiz on the tree trunk right now," Jill said as Angus began blushing until he realized that Jill seemed to be hopping from foot to foot and looking a little bit anxious.

"Hey when you've got to go you've got to go," he said trying to save face as he could hear off in the distance the sound of the river running. What he didn't realize was that Jill heard it as well, and she heard it rather loudly, much louder than he did, in fact that trickling noise of the river was driving her positively frantic.

"Yeah," Jill said pressing her legs together as discreetly as possible but making it very hard to hide the fact that she was bursting for a bathroom as she started looking around in the distance, but all she could hear was the sound of birds chirping and that river rushing into a small waterfall and crashing down.

"Is something bothering you Jill, you look like your mind is elsewhere?"

"I just thought I heard something off in the distance, you know new hearing and all," Jill said as she stood up very discreetly on tip toes as the sound of the river was making her ready to scream. She knew she had to get out of there and she had to get out of there fast, because her bladder was ready to explode! "Well anyway it was nice seeing you but I think I have someplace I really have to be right now."

Jill quickly began running off trying to get as far away from the sound of the raging crashing river that was driving her frantic, but no matter how far she got she could still hear the sound of the river running off in the distance. She continued grabbing herself and looking around hoping that she would see some sign of a bathroom, as she was positive there with a bathroom around here somewhere.

Jill continued walking and stopping every few minutes to press her knees together and grab herself discreetly. She needed a bathroom and she needed one very badly, and finally she saw her salvation in the form of the park bathrooms, but as usual there was a long line, so she reluctantly got in the end of the line and looked anxiously in front of her.

She tried her best to ignore all of the sounds around her but she could hear another woman at the water fountain, and the sound of that water pitter pattering into the fountain was driving her even more frantic than she was before. She looked over at the woman at the water fountain and was wondering why she was taking so long, and then when she finally finished up at the water fountain it looked as though the water fountain was still expelling water as she didn't turn it off.

Jill turned away from the water fountain and tried to think about something else, but the sound of all of that running water was completely unbearable, and she ran out of line, quickly got a drink so that it wouldn't look like she was just running to turn off the water fountain, and after she got a drink she turned off the water fountain and got back in line.

Now that the water fountain was turned off Jill was able to relax a little bit until another woman came and turned on the water fountain and left it running yet again. Jill didn't want to lose her place in the bathroom line again, so she just tried her best to drown out the sound of the water fountain, but it was extremely loud. She could see a couple of other women looking over at the water fountain looking rather antsy but none of them wanted to get out of line in order to turn it off.

Jill was relieved, well not literally, but getting closer to being relieved, when she finally got in the door of the ladies room only to find out it was really crowded inside. As she stood there in line she could see the women at the sinks washing their hands, and the sound of all of that running water from multiple sinks at once was even worse than the sound coming from the water fountain outside.

As Jill leaned up against the wall she realized that the walls were actually rather thin, and she could hear the men flushing the urinals and peeing into the urinals rather loudly in the men's room next door. As far as she knew probably none of the other women had hearing that was finely tuned enough to hear that, but as she heard man after man peeing into the urinal and then flush, she found herself bending at the knees, and sort of jogging in place as she tried to drown out all of the sounds of the bathroom.

But as Jill stood there in line for the bathroom she could hear noises everywhere, the sound of running sinks from both the men's and the ladies room, the sound of the men peeing into the urinals on the other side of the wall, the sound of toilets flushing again and again in front of her. And although she was far from the head of the line she could already hear the women in the stalls peeing loudly into the toilet bowl and breathing sighs of relief.

"Hey Jill, funny running into you here," Jean said as she came out of the stall looking really relieved.

"Oh hey Jean," Jill said finding herself in the awkward position of having to now socialize while trying to maintain her composure.

Jill tried her hardest to focus on what Jean was saying as she started going on about a variety of topics which Jill had to admit that she didn't find all that interesting, as she was trying hard with every ounce of her concentration to drown out the sound of toilets flushing, sinks running and people loudly peeing. What had these women been drinking so much that they sounded like they were elephants?!

"So what do you think Jill?" Jean said as Jill sort of jumped around in place trying her best to not move around too much and make it obvious that she was about ready to explode.

"Sorry I had a little bit of trouble hearing," Jill said.

Jean nodded. "Yeah it is really loud in here, you can hear all of those sinks running, all those toilets flushing, I mean I never realized how loud the ladies room was until now, it's pretty much like an echo chamber in here!"

"Yeah, I recently had surgery to correct my hearing impairment and now everything sounds louder than ever, which sometimes makes it hard to drown out all of the background noises that you normally wouldn't notice," Jill said as she wanted to put her fingers in her ears and try meditating to drown out all of the sound of peeing and flushing and sinks running.

Jean continued going on talking about a variety of topics as Jill just sort of stood there and nodded, not saying all that much, until Jean paused to start drinking some of her Gatorade, her yellow Gatorade, and watching her drink that was certainly not making Jill's situation any easier!

"Is everything okay Jill, it looks like your mind is kind of elsewhere," Jean said as she smiled because she could see that Jill really had to go pretty badly, so she simply laughed briefly and then continued going on and on now that Jill was a captive audience telling about her trip to the waterpark and to Niagara Falls, as well as how nice and relaxing it was to sit on the beach and hear the sound of the ocean crashing against the shore.

By now Jill was standing right next to the sinks as the women were washing their hands, as Jean did likewise. Jill couldn't help but notice that Jean seemed to be taking her time washing her hands very slowly, and seemed to be smiling as she continued chatting with Jill.

Finally as Jill was approaching the stalls the sound of the constant flushing and loud hissing of pee into the toilets was almost unbearable, to say nothing of the simple sounds of clothing rustling as it was being pulled down as she heard women slamming their asses down on the toilet seats. Finally she was just about next in line for the toilet as the woman in front of her started taking the loudest hissing pee that she had ever heard. The woman literally sounded like an elephant going, and she just kept on going and going and going, until finally the sound of the flush came and by the time it was her turn Jill could barely contain herself.

Jill quickly closed the door behind her, pulled down her pants and finally sat down on the toilet, and had a really loud hissing pee in the toilet as she finally stopped holding her breath and relaxed, and she seemed to pee for like what seemed like forever very loudly.

After flushing the toilet when she finally came out of the stall she could see that all of the women were looking at her, and now she found herself looking down at her feet and blushing because of all the women in the bathroom she was probably the loudest of all, and thanks to her new enhanced hearing she really noticed it, being in that stall was pretty much like being in an echo chamber.

When she finally finished washing her hands and getting out of there she breathed a sigh of relief because although she could still hear the waterfall in the running river off in the distance at least now she had finally gotten relief.

"So how has your new hearing been, do you have any problems or complaints?" Dr. Lindsay said at her follow-up appointment next week.

As Jill sat there in the office with her legs pressed tightly together, and her hands on her knees digging her fingers into them as she could hear the sound of a woman peeing and a leaky faucet in the bathroom down the hall, she simply grinned and smiled.

"No complaints here," Jill said as she tried to keep her legs from shaking, and as soon as Dr. Lindsay gave her the clear, after what seemed like an extensive delay, she ran to the bathroom and let loose as Dr. Lindsay sat there in her office and smiled to herself, as Jill wasn't the only person with enhanced hearing around there!

