Lola has to go to the toilet while bathing with her friend

Author: Discovery29b

*000*2025-09-03 15:04

Johana and Mia, two inseparable friends, were enjoying a beautiful summer day at the lake. The sun was shining brightly in the blue sky, and the sparkling water invited them to swim. "Come on, let's swim a little further out!" Mia called out, pulling Johana along with a laugh. Johana happily agreed, but soon a pressing need made itself known. "Oh man, I really need to go to the bathroom," she whispered to Mia. Mia nodded in understanding. "I know the feeling! I'm in the exact same boat."

They reminisced about different situations where they desperately needed to go but there was no restroom in sight. "Once, I was at a concert," Johana began to recount. "The band I absolutely wanted to see was playing their biggest hit, and I had to go so badly! I almost couldn't stand it." Mia laughed. "I know that feeling! I once had a long bus ride, and the bus driver just wouldn't take a break. I thought I was going to burst!"

After a while, the pressure became too much. "Mia, I really can't hold it anymore," Johana said. "Me neither," Mia replied. "I don't think we have any other choice." Johana looked at her, puzzled. "What do you mean?" Mia grinned. "Well, what else? We're in the lake!" Johana hesitated for a moment, then burst into laughter. "You mean...?" Mia nodded. "Exactly! Come on, we'll swim a little further out, and then no one will notice."

They swam a bit away from the shore, where the water was deeper and they felt more private. "Ready?" Mia asked with a mischievous grin. Johana nodded, a mix of relief and slight embarrassment washing over her. They relaxed and let it happen. A quiet hissing sound could be heard as the warm water left them and mixed with the cooler lake water. "Ahhh, what a relief!" Johana moaned blissfully. "Oh yeah," Mia agreed, "that feels so good." The hiss grew more intense, just like when you've really, really had to go, that's how the stream was, fast and liberating. "I thought I was going to explode," Johana said, sighing contentedly. "Me too," Mia replied, "so much better." They felt the pressure release and a warm sensation spread through them. "This is like heaven," Johana murmured. "Better than any restroom," Mia laughed in agreement. They swam in the lake for a while longer, relieved and free, enjoying the last rays of the sun for the day.

