Wet Waitress

Author: Dimwitrolo

*000*2017-10-15 23:21

I knew it wasn't going to be a good day when I saw the train pulling out right as I reached it. I'd heard the buzzer going off as I'd reached the station, and was a step away before the doors slammed shut and I ran face first into them. From there, I really should of gone home and called it a day. Maybe called in sick. But no - today I decided to carry on. As a result, I'm sat here typing this in a wet skirt, with a pair of wet jeans waiting to go in the washing machine, and I have no idea where one of my socks are. My hands are cut, my knee is grazed, and I'm half expecting a call from my boss telling me not to come back tomorrow.

Let me tell you what happened...

Chapter One - A run of bad luck

I hit the doors with a smack, and the next thing I knew I was sitting on my ass, with my arms behind me propping me up. I open my eyes and watch the train pull away, and the passengers inside all laughing, looking and pointing at me. I'm too stunned to do anything, and I hardly know where I am until the train is out of sight and I'm left staring at the wall with the familiar metro sign for Kings-gate station. I blink and let myself come to for a moment, before glancing to either side. There are about six people on the station, five of them are laughing and the sixth doesn't know what's going on. It's at this point I realise that my bag is about three feet away from my and that my skirt has billowed upwards and I've just exposed my underwear to an entire train's worth of people.

I blush a hot red as I stand up, wiping the grit from my hands down my jacket. My palms sting a bit, and when I take a look I realise that I've got a cut on my left hand. Nothing massive, but I'm bleeding slightly. I brush my skirt down to make myself decent again, leaving a small red smear as I do. I wipe some more grit from under my skirt and I can feel a damp bit where I smear some more blood on my thigh. I walk over to my bag, pick it up, and look around the station. I better wash my hands before I head to work...

I step into the bathroom. It's a station bathroom, which means it's - well, it's a bit under the weather to put it lightly. Do people forget how to use toilets when they go into a public restroom or something? Puddles all over the floor, and only some of it comes from the fourth sink which has leaked for as long as I've lived in the area. I cast a glance at the four cubicles and consider using them for a second - I haven't been yet - but the sight of various bodily fluids and other assorted goodies puts me off. I look back at the sinks and hope to God that I didn't just see a used Johnny hanging over the handle of one of the loos.

I twist the tap with my good hand, and put my bleeding hand under the stream. I then yank it away and yelp - It's really damn hot! I flick my hand to the side throwing a mix of water and blood at the wall, before I use my good hand to run the cold tap too. I gingerly try running my fingers under the stream again, and when the water's neither scalding or icy, I rinse both my hands under it. A quick look at the soap dispenser tells me that I won't be using soap today - I'll spare you the details as to why. I consider sighing before it dawns on me that breathing in here might be a health hazard. I pull a tissue out one of the tissue boxes and dab my hands dry, and then I take a little more in case I start bleeding again. Which is immediately. I hold the tissue in my hand and open the bathroom door to head out.

Just my luck - as I step out the second train blows the door-closing siren and I watch in awe as the doors follow by closing. I slap my palm into my face and sigh as the second train makes it's way into town, and I'm left angry and late for work. I pull my hand from my face and realise I've made another mistake - a cool breeze on a damp spot on my face tells me I need to wash up again. Back into the bathroom I go...

I leave the bathroom, and as I do there's a third train, sitting with it's doors open. Without even thinking I charge at the open doors, half expecting to bounce off them as I reach it. As I reach the train however, eyes shut and firmly expecting to bounce onto the floor, I fly through it's two open doors. I wasn't prepared for this - I trip over as my legs can't keep up and I land nose-first onto the other side, spilling my keys out my jacket pocket. I moan and pull myself to my feet, again slapping down my skirt. I'm too busy grasping for my keys with one hand and wiping at my ass with the other to realise all the carriage is giggling. I stand up and turn around, my back to the doors I've just kissed, and try to pull a straight face. Then I stop trying, wince and rub my nose.

As I pull my fingers from my face and realise I've given myself a nose bleed, I decide I've had enough. I'm going home. I take a step forward. The alarm sounds and the doors slide shut, with me on the inside of them. The wrong side of them. An urge to cry rises in my, but I quash it down and wipe my nose with the tissues I'd taken from the bathroom, hoping that I won't be giving myself some horrific illness. I hold it in place and slump down on a chair, between a man who's fallen asleep, and an old woman who seems to be watching me.

I look at myself in the reflection. My hair's thrown about, and my nose is a bit red. I brush my hair to one side. I've got blonde hair, a little wavy but it mostly sits flat and hangs somewhere between my jaw and my shoulders. Though right now it also hangs onto my lip, my nose, and my eyelashes. I've got green eyes, and a number of freckles over my face, neck, and breasts. Not that you can see my breasts under my shirt of course. My shirt - my work shirt - is a white polo with the company logo on the right breast.

A plain logo - a wide red and white striped shield with red text reading Washington's. It's an American style diner. My skirt - not part of the uniform - is slate coloured, mid/lower thigh length skirt with brass buttons to one side. Under the skirt, white underwear, and further down is a matching pair of white knee-high socks and white tennis shoes. My jacket, also not uniform, is a blue Letterman style jacket that used to be my brothers. What is the uniform is in my bag - a set of tan slacks. I can put them on in the changing room. Or anywhere really, I could just put them on under my skirt. Not here of course, there's a man to my left and an old woman to my right.

"Are you okay, sweetie?"

I turn my head to the right - the old woman is looking at me with a look of concern for my bloodied nose, red face, and stinging hand. Well, she can't see that my hand is stinging, but she seems to sense it.

"Hm? I'm, Uh, fine" I lie to her. The red streak that's about to flow over my lip says otherwise. She reaches into her handbag and pulls out some tissues without even looking inside the bag.

"Here you are, love" She says to me, pushing the tissues into my face. As much as I appreciate the sentiment, my immediate response is to pull my head back. She notices and pushes the tissues into my hands.

"Sorry, err, miss" I say to her, taking the tissues to my face. "And thank you for the tissues"

"Not a problem" She says to me, smiling. "I'm always glad to help"

"T-thanks" I repeat. She smiles and nods. Maybe things are looking up for me now.

Wrong.

I reach my station. It's only four stops down, but that's exactly enough time for the train to go from 'a bit busy' too 'absolutely packed'. I can't move. Luckily I'm sat down, so I'm not being squeezed between some sweaty bloke and a heavy-breathing pervert. No - today they're just standing directly in front of me, bashing their bags into my face and my legs. As the train begins to slow down, I rise to my feet, pushing the two men a little to the side (and receiving some harsh looks from them).

I try to step forward. Of course no-one moves or even seems to notice. They ignore my pleas of "'scuse me" or my pressing into their shoulders for the most part. Eventually though, I reach the door. Just in time to hear the buzzer and watch the doors closing inches from my head. I try to put my arm through the gap but I'm too slow - instead I get my fingers squeezed back inside. I wince and grab my hand with the other, and glare at the doors as the train lurches forward again and my station disappears behind me

The train reaches the stop ahead of mine, and as the doors open a movement of people throws me out and onto the floor. Again. Still, as I lift myself off my face I can appreciate no longer being on that damned tin can. I breath in fresh air for the first time in two minutes and try to avoid the thought that I'm going to have to force myself into another one to get back. I pull my phone out my pocket to check the time, and my luck being what it is I manage to toss it into the bin next to me.

I look at the bin. My phone's just landed in there. From here I can see a banana skin hanging over the edge of the bin. I dread to look inside...

I look inside. A grim sight looks back at me. My phone is sitting in a plastic jar of half eaten pasta salad. I wince again as I reach inside and pull my phone out, dripping tomato sauce. Another grim sight greets me as I see the clock telling me it's already six-thirty. I have walked through the door to Washington's exactly half an hour ago. Jerry - my boss - Is not going to be pleased. He's always had it in for me. Still - better late than never, I guess. I walk to the other end of the platform and wait for the train.

As I hear the train pull in it dawns on me that I need the toilet. I take a glance down the line and see the train drawing near - it's too late for a break now, and the train after this won't be coming for a good fifteen minutes. Still - at least this one's empty. Each carriage seems to only have half the chairs taken up - except for the one that goes still in front of me. I smile and step in, before I realise why it's empty.

A puddle sits in the middle. It spans the carriage side to side, and it reeks. Someone's been travel sick. And now no-one is stupid enough to sit here. I recoil for a moment, and go to leave the carriage. I don't even make a full turn before the buzzer's sounded and the doors slid shut, and the train lurches forward. I've not had the time to brace for movement, and I fall straight to the floor, my face inches away from the mess on the floor. Without even thinking I'm pushing myself back and trying not to retch, checking my reflection to see if I've come out clean. Luckily for me - I have. Well, so far as I can tell. I push myself into the far wall of the carriage and try not to breath through my nose until the train reaches the station.

The train reaches the station - Liberty garden, and I manage to step onto the platform with tripping over, or hurting myself, or having a stroke. First achievement of the day. I decide to jog to work from there - up the station's stairs, through the corridors, and into the ticket gate. Yes - into. I swipe my card over the reader as I'm walking, and then walk straight into the gates that refuse to open. I'm caught by the doors just under my ribs, winding my a little. I groan and step back a couple times as the doors open and close. I think I must have growled audible, because the skinny teenage door guard turns around and sees me.

"Y-you okay miss?" he squeaks.

"Yeah, f-fine" I wheeze, clutching my chest. "Can you let me through? Please?"

He looks to either side, then steps forward. "H-here, come on through" he squeaks, pressing his own card onto the reader. The doors don't respond. The doors next to me do though, and I glare at him. He notices and is too stunned to respond. Neither of us move for a moment, until the doors swing shut again. I raise and eyebrow and he taps his card down again. The same doors open. Again, neither of us move until they close again. I take two slow steps the side, and he taps his card again. I step through, and the gates close behind me.

"Thanks." I say to the kid, who's clearly embarrassed about the whole thing. If I hadn't had such a bad morning I might find it funny. But right now I'm angry, I've been bleeding, I've got a dirty phone, and I need to pee really bad. I walk briskly from the station.

Having left the station and reached the street, I'm greeted by a thin rain and some stronger winds, blowing my hair about. I clutch my jacket shut and push myself forward.

I arrive at work at about six forty-five. Fourty five minutes later than I'm meant to. Jerry greets me with a glare and raised arms. If looks could kill...

"Sarah? What the f- what on earth are you doing?" He half-shouts. "What time do you call this?"

"S-sorry, Mr Ford" I say to him, exasperate. I sigh - which makes him frown harder. "I just - I've had a rough morning" I say, raising my hands and showing him my grazed palms. "I missed two trains-"

"Two trains, Sarah? Two?"

"Y-yeah - b-but it wasn't my fault!"

"Who's fault was it, Sarah? Sure as shit wasn't mine!"

I don't know what to say, so I just look at him, trying to resist the urge to burst out crying. I don't know if he notices and feels sorry for me, or if he just gives up on shouting at me, but he stops yelling.

"Right. You - behind the counter, now. You're on tills today"

"S-should I get changed?"

"Oh for - YES. Yes you should get changed, there's a uniform for a reason!"

I try to avoid eye contact as I make my way to the changing rooms. I head inside and shut the door. I drop my bag to the floor and pull out the slacks, then pull them on. I undo the buttons on my skirt and let it fall to the floor by my feet. I shove it unceremoniously into the bag, hang my bag and coat on the hangers, and head back into the shop front right as the clock hits Seven. Jerry casts an icy look at me from the front till, catching me before I can even move toward the toilet. I daren't head to the loos without saying anything first.

"H-hey, Mr Ford, mind if I -"

"Mind if you what? Take up more time? Sarah - it's seven in the morning. Morning Rush - you know what that is, right? You've only been here for three years" He spits out the words like some kind of machine gun. "If you even consider asking to do anything except overtime, I'm going to be putting you on tomorrow's special lunch menu"

"Err, nothing" I say, My bladder doesn't agree. I have to go, really badly, and I genuinely fear what Jerry might do more than I fear wetting myself right now. I take my place at the till.

There are about six tills in total lining the bar. It's a thirties-American-diner style shop, with a checkered floor and red leather seats against the walls with a table between two. My colleagues don't say a word until I take my place behind the till, waiting for the morning rush to begin any moment now. We never used to get such rushes in the morning, but then one day about a year ago, Jerry's wife bought two coffee machines and a coffee filter - so now we do coffee's too.

We've got our own personalised paper cups and everything, with a blue shield with a white star on the sides. It makes a lot of money of course - everyone wants a coffee in the morning - but it also makes a lot of work, and they've had to hire a barista and train another. That other one is me. Usually I'd be getting ready to use it, but my machine's been broken for about a week. Just as well really, the sight of espresso pouring into a cup would not help my bladder right now. I lean against the counter and wrap one leg around the other in an attempt to hold it easier while also looking casual.

My bad luck seems to carry on through the day. I manage to screw up at least one out of every five orders, to the point that one customer calls me a moron and leaves without paying. I'm too busy hopping foot to foot behind the counter to give my full attention, and each screw up gets me more flustered, and then I make more mistakes, and - it's a vicious cycle. It's not until I accidentally through a double espresso and a panini onto a customer's newly polished shoes that I get called away. The porcelain shatters in slow motion - the coffee flies up, the panini falls apart and the business man flinches as a dark brown coffee stains his suit pants, his shoes and his socks. Jerry thunders over to me while the poor man stands stunned and trying to realise what's going on. Jerry grabs me by the arm and pulls me behind the counter, letting my colleague Chrissie take over from me.

"Sarah? What are you playing at, Dammit!"

"I'm sorry - I-I-I"

"Don't be sorry, Sarah, don't make any more mistakes, got me? I run a diner here, not a circus"

"Y-yes Mr Ford"

"No. More. Mistakes. Got it?"

"Y-yes"

He looks at me like he doesn't trust me. I shift foot to foot as my bladder becomes the one thing on my mind.

"Get on coffee's Sarah" He says to me after a moment of silence. "And try not to throw them around, alright?"

"Y-yes Jer- Yes Mr Ford!"

Jerry thunders away, swearing under his breath. I stand still watching until he's gone through the doors to the kitchen, before I bend over double as my bladder reminds me that it needs emptying - badly. I turn around to see the state of the shop. It's packed. I can't take a loo break now - not when I'm on the only coffee machine. Jerry might actually kill me, which is something I'd rather avoid. I take the barista's white apron and put it over my head, and hit the espresso button on the machine, getting one ready.

The coffee's aren't too hard to make. An Americano is an espresso topped up with water, and everything else is an espresso topped with steamed milk and foam. No, not hard to make - what is hard is taking about five coffee orders at a time, every minute or so. Especially when each new coffee getting poured pushes you a step closer to pouring something warm down your legs.

There's not too much more to say about the busy period here. At the till they call for coffee, and at the machines I make the coffees. I also squirm and wriggle and moan - but that isn't part of the job. At least when I'm making coffee at a rate of knots I'm slightly distracted from my bladder getting fuller and fuller until it starts to feel hard. The customers like to mix things up by asking for a tea or a hot chocolate occasionally (who has a hot chocolate in the morning? Honestly!) Some customers go even further, asking for things that we don't have and then complaining. Still, here at the machine, I don't mind too much because the customers aren't complaining to me, and I'm not spilling anything on them. No, back here I'm just spilling it on the floor while avoiding spilling inside my pants.

By the time it reaches ten my bladder is too full to think straight. I'm making coffees in order and hoping that the customers aren't asking for too much. I don't think I'm doing anything wrong until Jerry grabs me by the shoulder again

"Sarah!" He shouts. "Soya tea - where is it?"

"What?"

"You're joking, right? I've had this gentleman asking for a soya tea for about fifteen minutes now!"

Shit.

"I-I, err, sorry! I-I'll get right to i-hnnnn!"

"....what?"

I wince hard and grab myself with both hands, knocking over an empty paper cup.

"What are you - MAKE THE TEA"

I nod and turn back to the machine. I jam an empty cup under the water spout and hold down the lever. I chuck in a tea bag with one hand and watch intensely as water pours into the cup. The splashes thunder into the cup as it fills up, and I can feel my bladder getting ready to blow any moment now. I watch as more water pours in and in, mesmerised by the flow. More water splashes in, until brown water is flooding over the top of the cup and into the water tray below, splattering and splashing. My own bladder is fit to burst, egged on by the streaming water from in front of me. I can almost feel myself go when Jerry grabs me again

"SARAH!" He shouts - way louder than I think he'd meant to. The shop goes silent, save the jazzy music playing in the background. He grabs my arms and holds them up, leaving the water overflowing the cup behind me.

"Sarah - what the hell are you doing?"

"I-I-I"

"Don't give me stuttering dammit, give me that tea!"

"But I have to-"

"Have to what?"

I look at Jerry - he's fuming. The customers and my colleagues are all watching me, waiting for my response. The water is splashing into the cup behind me, flicking water around. My nose aches, my hand still stings, and my bladder is rock solid. I look down at my feet - I can actually see a bulge where my bladder is. I look back to Jerry, then the customers, then the staff, then over at the spilling cup. It's splashing, and pouring, and flooding, and I...

I lose control. It's all too much for me today - I'm late, I'm hurt, I'm overwhelmed, and now I'm getting wet. My bladder gives up trying to hold everything in and before I can tell what's happening there's a hot burst around my crotch as my overfilled bladder spills out. The jazz and the splashing are quickly joined by murmurs, gasps, and more splashing, as an entire days worth of gold pee flows out of me, I whimper as Jerry stares me in my eyes, which I feel tear up. Meanwhile, I can sense a growing flow of pee down my thighs and shins, with the streams wrapping around my legs and flowing around my knees and ankles. My pants, my socks, my underwear and my shoes all soak in the pee rapidly as it jets out of me. A dark black stain floods down my legs over the brown fabric of my work pants, making my accident more than obvious.

Some chuckles behind me, some gasps, and more muttering tells me that everyone is looking. I blush powerfully and clamp my eyes shut as I try to wake up from a horrible dream. O f course I don't - what happens is my socks and shoes get stained a pale yellow, and a hot puddle begins to grow beneath me. Jerry lets go of my hands and I fall to my knees, resting my body on my heels, letting my bladder empty itself after being forced to hold everything in for so long. Talking and ordering carries on again as the spectacle of a grown girl of twenty-three pissing herself loses its appeal, but my bladder doesn't seem to realise as it continues squeezing itself empty. As the last squirts shoot down my thighs, I start to whimper as it all really starts to get to me. I open my eyes, and through the tears I can just about make out Jerry. Or, more accurately, Jerry's crotch. I look up to see his face, and he's looking straight at me.

"S-sorry Jerry" I stutter, drips still falling from beneath me. He doesn't look like he knows what to do. He sort of looks at me, tight lipped and a bit guilty.

"Get up Sarah" He says to me, giving me his hands. I climb back up to my feet, the still-warm fabric sticking to my thighs. I stagger once or twice as my body isn't quite prepared to be stood up so soon after loosing all control. I nearly slip in the fresh puddle, but Jerry catches me.

"That's Mr Ford to you" He reminds me, but he doesn't seem too insulted. I figure he knows that in my state my mind isn't on being polite, it's on my still warm clothes, my soaked legs, and my fantastically empty bladder. I sigh hard as the relief begins to set in. He turns to one of my colleagues, a woman about my age - Martha.

"Martha, take her to the staff room will you?" Jerry says. "Get her changed into her skirt, I'll clean up here and then deal with her"

"Sure - come on Sarah" She says, offering me her hand. I nod, flicking a tear off me, and take her hand. She leads me through the kitchen.

The kitchen staff don't seem too pleased to have me dripping my way through to the staff room, but they haven't really got a choice.

"Are you alright Sarah?" Martha asks me. I manage to nod, sniffing. "That looks pretty embarrassing" She says to me, as if I don't know. I nod.

"Still need to go?" She asks. At first the seems like a dumb question, but then my bladder tinges. I don't know if I just didn't let it all out or if my bladder was pushed too far, but I still need to pee. I nod at her sheepishly.

"Come on you then" She says, leading me by the hand and out the back door. The door leads into an alley behind the store where we keep the bins, and the smokers have a their breaks. The cold air blowing in my face really exaggerates how warm my face is from blushing, and how cold my legs have gotten. She takes one of my hands.

"Go on then - finish off" She says, smiling in what I assume is an attempt to be comforting

"W-what?" I ask. "Pee? Here?"

"Why not, you're over a drain!"

"People would see! I'm not going to expose myself in an alley way!"

"No, silly! Go in your pants!"

She says it like it's obvious, but to me the obvious thing to do would be to pee before I left the house and missed three trains and wet myself at work. She smiles warmly at me again like it's meant to help, but it's not so easy to feel like she's got all her marbles when she's trying to make me wet myself again!

"You gonna go or not?" She asks me, looking like she's getting bored.

"I, err, I guess - couldn't I just use the-"

"Sarah. It's fine. Don't you think it feels kinda nice anyway?"

"Martha! Eww!"

"Would you feel better if I went too?"

"I guess - don't piss yourself Martha!" I laugh. She smiles - I guess she's just trying to be nice.

"Alright then" I say. "Here goes". I take in a deep breath, hold it in, then release. A subtle hiss, followed by a familiar sensation of heat shooting around my crotch hits me. Relief begins to flood over me again, and I must moan because I catch Martha giggling at me. Deciding that it'd be best to get this over with, I squeeze on my bladder, resulting in a harsh hiss as pee shoots down me and runs through my pants, splashing on the floor between my feet. The cold patches quickly warm up again as fresh pee is absorbed by the fabric, before it flows out and lands on the floor, draining quickly away into the drain and leaving black streaks behind it. I close my eyes and just let my bladder do its thing.

Pee runs over my thighs and shins again, taking the same still wet path it had before, occasionally making new paths down me, including one that runs down the very front of my shin and making me shiver. My shoes squelch as I wriggle my toes inside, as pee floods into them. My socks are going to be stained a pale yellow top to bottom, and my shoes appear to be like that too. I feel my face relax into a blissful smile as I empty my bladder completely, warming myself up in the process.

"Better?" Martha asks, leaning to one side. I blush and nod, still letting pee trickle out of me. It takes a short moment to stop, and I can feel Martha watching every single drip run down my legs. When I open my eyes, she appears to be blushing too. I'm not surprised - I'd be embarrassed if someone deliberately wet themselves in front of me!

"B-better!"

"I kinda need to go now too" Martha says to me. "I told you it feels good!"

"Martha-a!" I laugh.

"Might do it myself now anyway"

"Martha! Don't wet yourself, okay!" I laugh, taking her by the shoulders. She smirks back at me.

"Alright Sarah, you've convinced me. Another time then?"

I chuckle at the idea of someone planning to wet themselves sometime. Martha smirks back at me.

"Come on you, let's get you changed"

We head back into the office, after I've flicked my legs a couple times to stop them dripping.

That's not the end, by any means. You need to know why my skirt is wet, and why my sock is missing. Well - I'll tell you. Next time. Right now it's midnight, and I've got work in the morning. Here's hoping the day goes better than today right? I mean, how much worse can a day be than pissing yourself TWICE in front of your boss? Whoops - spoilers! Don't worry, I won't tell you any of the important details, like whether or not Jerry still employs me, that's what you're really here for, right?

What's that? That's not what you're here for?

See you next time!

