Security gate person desperation

Author: daniel2

*000*2021-07-10 21:23

This story is based off a desperation sighting I saw at epcot, disney world in florida.

Michelle's job was very simple. It was to stand at the gate at epcot in disney world and be both a security guard and give directions to people. Things like "where is [x] ride/show?"

"where is the bathroom?"

"what time do you guys close?" were very common questions. Since she worked the closing shift she had to oversee everyone exiting once the park closes. She has to stand there until practically everyone leaves so they can close the gate.

Michelle is a short, semi busty latina in her early 20s with tan skin and dark hair. She wore the shirt uniform and some dark slim jeans. They fit her figure quite well, but the slim part isn't very good for what's about to happen.

Sipping from her plastic refillable bottle michelle was checking on who was coming in and out. It was pretty sunny and hot so she couldn't wait for sun down when it gets cooler. Every 10-15 minutes she would get asked something but other than that the day has been pretty mundane. She would greet people who go in and out and give them a warm smile.

A few hours later her manager walked in and and signalled her to go off to the side of the gate so she can talk to her.

"so we are gonna need you after closing (10pm) until everyone leaves the park so we can close. can you stay during that time?

"yes"

"excellent. When you go on break just call me on the walkie talkie so I can send someone in, or I can cover you [laughs] I've done some security work myself" michelle chuckled after

"I'm serious I can cover you for your break if no one shows up"

"ok thank you so much"

Michelle's manager was in her 30s and she was white with brown eyes, brunette, tall and thin. Pretty much the opposite of Michelle. She did get along with everyone however and she was one of those managers that tried to help everyone to her ability. She had that "a rising tide raises all ships" mentality. Except in this case you will see soon, everyone will be too busy for poor michelle.

It was finally time for michelle's break. She got leftovers from home and headed into the breakroom. Disney has a lot of secret rooms, one of them being an employee break room. Michelle was having her lunch, leftover rice beans and chicken with a coke, while browsing on her phone. She lost track of time while doing so causing her to almost be running late. She ran to the bathroom for a quick pee, because she still had a long while until the end of her shift, given how she has to stay extra late until after hours when everyone leaves the gate.

The restrooms were close to the break room right across the hall. She went in and it was empty. Most employees don't go to the breakroom and prefer eating at thee park since they get an employee discount. Meaning she had the bathroom to herself. Michelle went to the nearest stall, out some paper on the seat and sat down for a relieving piss. It's not that she had to go that bad, but it was important to use the restroom whenever you have the chance especially for security jobs. Every relief is a blessing. Michelle washed her hands, had another gulp of water and went back to her shift.

At the gate Michelle's manager was waiting for her.

"you're 2 minutes late but i'll let it slide"

"thank you for holding the fort"

"you're welcome, remember you're staying late, if you need anything just ring me up on the walkie talkie"

They waved each other goodbye and the later half of the shift began.

.

.

.

It was one hour before closing now, Michelle has been drinking a lot of water, she already started to feel it on her bladder and her need to pee, while not extreme, was starting to become a nuisance. Her slim jeans made her bladder a bit uncomfortable, but she felt like she still could handle it. Moments have passed and she started seeing people walk out now and she greeted them on their way out. Some parents and their kid walked up to her and asked where the bathroom was, it reminded Michelle on her need.

Bathrooms were passed the gate in the side of the entrance. She wishes she could run off there given that's it's not too far away, but she had to stay in position. She gave the family the instructions and they went off their merry way.

Michelle was observing everyone leaving the gate making sure there was no funny business and she noticed someone walking out as they were drinking from a squeezable water bottle. Seeing the water like that didn't help her case, and made her bladder hurt more. She turned around and saw some kid drinking from a near by water fountain. She crossed her legs and squeezed and then uncrossed. 30 minutes until closing, which means she has to stay extra on top of that.

Michelle used her walkie talkie to try and get her manager to cover for a few minutes.

"sorry i'm busy, i'll try and get someone. over"

"got it. over"

Time has passed and some guy came up to her and asked for the bathroom, which has happened a few times now and all it did was made her situation worse by reminding her of the bathroom. She was bouncing up and down while telling him where it is.

"thanks, you seem like you could use one yourself"

Michelle gave him a nervous laugh.

"if only there was someone to relieve me haha"

"well have a nice day" the guy said politely while waving in the distance. Oh how she envied him.

She signaled the walkie talkie again and the response was brutal.

"sorry everyone's busy. over"

"ok just tell me when the next person is free. over."

It was closing time, everyone was leaving the gate in droves, and Michelle had to oversee that everyone was leaving and know where all the exits and parking is. There was also a fire works show outside the gate so everyone was distracted by that, giving michelle a chance to cross her legs and squeeze tightly. She gasped mouth agape while holding her crotch. A small wet spot started to form. She was on the happiest place on earth but her bladder certainly wasn't. She wishes she could undo her button on her jeans but that would look really inappropriate for a front gate person in disney world.

30 minutes have passed, many people left the gate but they were by the fireworks area close to the gate. The last few people were asking for the bathroom. Michelle's eyes were watering. As she was telling them she was straight up pee dancing out in the open. She knew it was unprofessional but she couldn't maintain her composure any longer. As she was pointing to them were the bathroom is she noticed both bathrooms outside the gate already had two long lines forming outside of them. Even if she were to take advantage of the low traffic of people since mostly everyone has left, the line was too long. The breakroom was too far away for her to use the bathrooms there. She was trapped. No one could come in to help her since they were busy closing and making sure everyone leaves that are still inside the park.

Michelle was sucking on her teeth. She reached that "tsss" noise people do when they have to pee. That's when it's bad. She noticed that there were still some people walking out of the gate so she still had to be on alert. Another wet patch was coming out. She bent down and gasped for air as the pain was becoming unbearable She NEEDED to pee now. The urgency was grave and her body was yearning for relief. Her hips were bouncing and she was holding her crotch. She ran to the bathrooms, she couldn't hold it any longer. However there was problem.

The line around the bathrooms hurdled to some kind of group. The bathrooms were out of order. People were asking if there were any other bathrooms. Michelle was trying to mutter a response.

"I... have to let you.. in gate there is... ah" she held her crotch and bent down and she leaked a little more.

"there is a bathroom (her voice was becoming high pitch and strenuous) yea... a bathroom past the gate to your right"

"oooo" she sucked her teeth again "sorry... um.. yea just exit the park again when you are done"

The typical protocol for this rare situation of the gate restrooms when they are out of order and it's exiting time is to let people in to use the restrooms near the exit and then they get escorted out by extra security when they are done. However, everyone was busy and security was understaffed, hence why the manager covers people's break sometimes. So it was up to her to oversee that everyone goes in and out smoothly.

She was now checking outside the bathroom and overseeing the outside of the bathrooms while everyone was forming lines. This was torture for Michelle. She held her crotch tightly this time while bouncing up and down. Another leak spurt.

Michelle's manager showed up.

"What's going on?"

"bathroom... was out of order... they" michelle groaned involuntarily "they are using that one"

She couldn't even stand still and she felt dizzy now. She had sweat beads on her forehead and it was unbearable to keep holding on.

Michelle's manager told her she has enough time to spare to oversee the restrooms and to make sure everyone was leaving the gate. As they seemed to be the last people there at the park. Meaning everyone else has been successfully been escorted and her shift was practically over. So that was settled as her manager was covering for her there. Michelle dashed to the restrooms. There was still a line at the women's room however.

"please... aaa" she could barely mutter a sentence as her panties were flooding.

"let me skip i'm going to pee myself!"

"you can't skip us!" the ladies were yelling and muttering back.

Michelle was in her breaking point she was holding her crotch with both hands as she was running to the men's room.

One of the stalls were out of order. The rest were being used. She was bouncing profusely while crossing and uncrossing her legs. Her panties were flooded and she unbuttoned her pants to let out some of the pressure that has accumulated in her exhausted bladder. Someone was washing his hands behind her. The running water in the sink sent her to overdrive.

"I can't... aaah... hold..." She was getting dizzy again. The unbuttoning helped her hold it a little bit more efficiently but it wasn't enough to hold it in for much longer. She was staring at the water from the startled guy washing his hands. He understood what was going so he finished washing, picked up some paper towels and left.

Finally a door opened, it was an old man. He got his cane and was walking slowly out of the stall. This was torture. She finally had her chance to pee and out of all people to come out of the stall it was someone who walks slow. Her instincts were telling her to push him out of the way but this was a helpless old man were talking here.

"why is there a woman here?" he said puzzingly

"i'm sorry" she muttered

The old man was out of the stall now. Michelle went around him and she dashed into the stall, closed the door, unbuttoned her pants, pulled down her wet panties, and sat down on porcelain bliss. The feeling of relief was second to none. The pee kept flowing for what seemed like minutes now. Her eyes rolled back at how good the relief felt. She could now finish the rest of her shift, but first she had to get rid of those soaking panties.

