Tinkle Tour

Author: Dale Miller

*000*2021-06-19 18:04

Hey all, this is the first chapter of a story I'm working on at the moment. Any feedback will be welcome and also any requests/suggestions for future chapters would be appreciated as well.

Here we go...

Chapter One: Sales Pitch

“If you need anything, absolutely anything, just ask” said my aunt Mara. Her and my uncle Mark were just on their way out, saying a tearful farewell to my mother and I.

They were the last to leave, which was my cue to exit as well. We stood and waved by the door until they were out of sight.

“I need to go” I said “I’ve got to catch the train.”

“You don’t want to stay the night?” she asked, between sobs “I was going to cook you some spaghetti.”

“I think I…really need to be by myself for a bit” I said. I was holding it together quite well.

She hugged me so tightly that it made breathing even more difficult than I was already finding it. She clearly did not want me to go, but I wasn’t sure how much longer I could fake it.

“Call me tonight then, please” she said, finally letting go.

I managed to keep up the facade for the whole train journey, the whole time feeling like I was about to lose it. Not yet, I kept telling myself. Not yet.

I made it to the front door of my apartment, and threw myself inside. It was still dark, but I didn’t bother putting any lights on. The tears finally came. Within seconds I was a sobbing mess on the floor.

You see, my brother Malcolm had died in a car accident a few weeks before. And that day, the day of his funeral, was the last order of business before we were all expected to just move on with our lives.

I had refrained from breaking down until this very moment, wanting to appear strong in front of my family and his friends. I thought the crying would make me feel better, but if anything I felt worse.

Everyone had stories about Malcolm, some good and some bad. But even the bad ones weren’t terrible. He could be a handful. But he was the kind of person you meet once and never forget. He had an amazing sense of humour, liked a drink, and loved getting himself into a lot of trouble.

Who am I? I’m just his little sister, Sal. 24 years old, short, skinny, black, bisexual and insecure. That’s as brief a description of me as I can give you. Even my Twitter bio is longer.

When I finally pulled myself together and the tears ceased, I made myself the spaghetti that my mother had promised, and started flicking through Netflix for something to watch.

I ended up not watching anything, but the browsing gave me something to do to take my mind off the grief. I phoned my mother, who also had just got done having her own little breakdown, and took myself off to bed.

The day had been beautiful, and it had all been for Malcolm. I, however, was planning a tribute of my own, something a little bit out of the box and way more personal.

I gave it a couple of days before paying Malcolm’s girlfriend a visit. I had seen her at the funeral, of course, but going to see her meant going to his house. There was just too much there that would remind me of him. But if I was going to pay tribute to him properly, Suzie had to be in on it.

I drank two coffees in preparation, assuming everything would go to plan. I arrived at the house, and immediately felt my heart rate go up. I couldn’t bail now, I had to do this.

I knocked, and waited. I hadn’t told Suzie I was dropping by. She answered the door and was surprisingly chipper.

“Sal! Babe, how are you?” She yelled, wrapping her arms around me tightly. Either she was processing her grief much better than I, or she was really faking it.

She invited me in and made me another coffee, which was perfect. The first two were already working.

“So” I said “I’ve been speaking to my mother about this little idea. It’s my version of a proper send off for Malcolm. I’ll be truthful, she’s not fond of the idea. I said I would speak to you about it, I can’t guarantee you will like it either.”

“Ok” she said, looking puzzled “I’m listening…”

“It’s unconventional” I said.

“Well” Suzie said “so was he.”

“Exactly” I said “and I know he really would like this.”

“I think I can get into it” she said “fire away, what’s the idea?”

He we go, I thought to myself, time for your weird-ass sales pitch.

“The working title is Tinkle Tour”

Suzie started laughing, she could already see where I was coming from. See, one thing you have to know about Malcolm is he loved peeing in weird places. If he had to pee, he would nearly always avoid using a toilet or urinal if he could help it.

Long car journeys? He wouldn’t wait for a rest stop, he would just stop the car and go. Family barbecues? He couldn’t just go inside, he insisted on whipping it out and relieving himself in front of everyone. Out for a drink? There were perfectly good toilets he could have used, but instead he would go outside and use a bush.

People’s gardens, ponds, railway lines, cemeteries, you name it, he would take a piss on it. He faced many a fine for public urination, but he kept doing it. He wore them like badges of honour.

In truth, it was really annoying and uncomfortable. He would often berate me for not wanting to join in. I’m a little more civilised in that I like a bit of privacy and comfort when I pee. That’s how you know this project was for Malcolm and not for me.

“So this is my idea” I started saying “it’s a collaborative project. Myself and someone important in Malcolm’s life go to different locations, including places that mean something to him, and we pee together. I take a video of us peeing and upload it to his memorial page.”

I could tell Suzie thought I was nuts. I was even questioning my sanity. But we both knew, somewhere, our boy was laughing and cheering for me.

“You have to name it something better than Tinkle Tour, though” Suzie said.

“Well” I said “it was either that or Malcolm and the Piddle.”

We looked at each other for a second before Suzie spoke.

“Tinkle Tour it is then.”

*002*2021-06-23 16:48

Chapter Two: First Stop

“So, when do you start?” Suzie asked.

She hadn’t figured out that I wasn’t just there to explain it.

“Well” I said “you may have noticed that I’m…dancing in my seat a little bit. Like…I have to go”

“Oh” Suzie said, as it finally dawned on her what I was asking her to do. I could tell she didn’t want to, but also couldn’t say no. She was all on board with the idea until it meant she had to contribute.

“Where…where do you want us to do it?” She asked, awkwardly. It looked like it was really happening.

“I thought right here, in his home, would be good” I said.

“Like…inside, outside?” She asked, although she already knew the answer.

“Outside” I replied “most of them will be outside.”

She stood up and paced for a second.

“I’m not sure I even really need to go” she said.

“We can fix that” I said.

“So…” she said, puzzled “we just go outside and pee?”

“Yes” I said “and I record it.”

“Record it?” She said “like, everything?”

“We’ll have to frame it carefully” I said “I don’t want to show anything we’re not supposed to. We’re not making porn here.”

“Have you been on the internet ever?” She said.

“Look, it’ll be fine” I said “let’s pump you full of beverage and go do it.”

After a while, she definitely seemed to soften to the idea. She drank three huge glasses of water and we waited about half an hour before she felt the need to go. I was getting pretty desperate by then, which I knew would make things easier.

We made our way outside to the garden, my heart was racing and my hands were shaking. This was so unlike either of us, but we were committed now.

“Somewhere our neighbours won’t see” Suzie said “that’s my only request.”

“Seems simple enough” I said “where did Malcolm like to go?”

“Behind the shed” she replied.

We wandered behind the shed and looked at each other nervously. I realised, in this moment, that there was going to be something in it for me other than what I intended. Suzie, I always thought, had the most amazing ass. In truth, her whole body was amazing, but her ass was something to behold, especially for a white girl. I was about to see it totally bare and that made it doubly worth it.

“We doing it now, then?” Suzie asked.

“Just a second” I said, as a took out my phone, opened the camera, flipped it to front lens and swiped to put it on video mode. I took a deep breath and hit record.

“Hey, Malcolm’s friends, family and followers” I said to the camera “Thanks so much for all the support that’s come flooding in over the last few weeks. Sorry I haven’t been able to reply to everyone, it’s been a bit overwhelming. I’m Sal, Malcolm’s little sis, in case you didn’t know. I’m here with at Malcom’s house with Suzie, his girlfriend.”

“Hello” she said awkwardly to the camera.

“So, I had this little idea. Basically, I don’t know if this is even allowed, we might get flagged, I don’t know, but anyone who knew Malcolm watched him take a piss at least once. So my idea, which has a really embarrassing name that I won’t say because I’m gonna change it as soon as I think of a better one, is to do like a series of videos where I go to a different place with a different person each time, all relevant to Malcolm and his life, and we pee for you guys. Yes, for the next few weeks, you guys get to watch me pee over and over again. I understand some of you might be into that, that’s fine. That isn’t why I’m doing it, but hey, you do you. So I actually really have to pee, and the longer I stand here, the worse it gets. I promise all the intros won’t be this long, future videos I will probably just get straight to it. But erm, here goes.”

I turned to Suzie, who said nothing but gave me look that was sort of amusement mixed with pity.

We were actually both dressed pretty appropriately for the task, I had deliberately worn a skirt. Suzie was wearing denim shorts.

Suzie and I stood next to each other, pulled our pants down and squatted. I kept the camera on our faces. Suzie and I had always liked each other, but this was the first time we had ever done something this intimate together.

“Ready guys?” I said to the camera.

Despite any trepidation we had prior to this moment, it seemed to come so easy to both of us. We were peeing within seconds. Suzie started before me, I knew because I could hear it. I couldn’t stop myself from taking a look. Her nude ass looked absolutely stunning, as I knew it would. I could see our streams flying side by side onto the grass.

“It’s happening!” I said “We’re peeing!”

I quickly stopped the recording and switched to the other lens so I could actually capture our pee on camera.

“See it?” I said.

And then we were both done and I stopped recording. We pulled our pants up and I recorded a final little piece.

“So, that’s the first one, I hope you enjoyed that, I’ll see you all again soon!”

I finished the video and opened up the files for us to watch.

“Oh good” Suzie said “You didn’t get my hoohaa on camera.”

“No” I said “I was very careful. I almost got mine, see where the stream starts? My lips were literally just out of frame. Happy with it?”

“Yeah” she said, shrugging her shoulders “As long as you are.”

“Cool” I said “I’ll cut that together and put it on the page later”

And that was just the first stop on my Tinkle Tour.

