Kylie's Chronicles - Quest for Captainship

Author: dolodi

*000*2020-01-02 16:13

AN: So I completely forgot I wrote this, and it appears I never posted it. And based on the title, it looks like I had more plans for it that I never got around to writing and subsequently.. forgot. Depending on the reception, I may or may not write more, but I figured I'd drop it on here for the community to enjoy. I did write this before the new policy change, but I'm pretty sure it still complies with the community guidelines, but if it doesn't please let me know and I'll take it down immediately.

Without further ado:

BANG BANG BANG. “Pleeeease hurry up!” Kylie exclaimed as she pounded on the bathroom door. “Whoever you are, PLEASE it’s an emergency!!!” Kylie was hunched against the door, one hand buried in her crotch, forcing her skirt to ride up and show off a hint of her white spankies. Kylie’s lithe and petite build was quivering in her green and white cheerleader’s uniform. “COME ON, WHAT’S TAKING SO LONG!” she whined at the door, quickly losing hope she’d make it out of this situation dry. In reality, she had only been outside the door for 2 or 3 minutes, but time was quickly running out for her.

The door suddenly sprang open without warning, startling Kylie and making her spurt into her panties. “S-sorr-sorry. I was nervous about auditions,” a petite Freshman in the same uniform said wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. Kylie couldn’t care less as she bolted into the bathroom and slammed the door behind her losing precious liquids as she fiddled with the lock. If there were witnesses, a thin rivulet could be seen trailing down her thigh. She quickly turned around, whilst bobbing and quivering, hands ready to get her out of her uniform asap.

“What the FUCK!?!” Kylie exclaimed, “You’ve got to be kidding me,” she added as the abhorrent smell hit her. Wrinkling her nose, she stared at the horrid sight before her. There was vomit everywhere. On the seat, on the floor around the toilet. Kylie stood there in frozen horror, still subconsciously bobbing in desperation... until another spurt woke her from her reverie. The view of the toilet was driving her crazy, and she slowly approached the disgusting throne, 3 more rivulets staining her spankies and running down both of her quivering thighs.

Tears of frustration leaked down her face as she shakily got out of her panties and spankies, both of which were suitably damp. Lowering her head in shame she lifted her skirts and squatted on the floor and released an absolute torrent. To her horror the puddle started to seep out from under the door, where she heard an exclamation. She willed herself to finish quickly so she could flee the scene when BANG BANG BANG “What’s going on in there!?!”

That’s how Kylie fell out of immediate contention for captainship of the cheer team. The janitor had been furious and blamed the whole mess on her. Added to the fact that these facilities didn’t belong to the school, they threatened to never invite the school again, due to their disrespectful youth.

School hadn’t even begun, and Kylie already had a month’s detention going into her Senior Year of high school. And thus, Kylie’s Chronicles: Quest for Captainship.

A little postface now that I have your attention:

It all began a month before school was to start. All the girls trying out for the team including the handful that were vying for the top spot were required to go to a State-wide Cheer Event for a week. At the event, each team was given an area to practice and learn new routines for half a day, while the other half of the day would be for whatever the girls wanted to do. This event was set-up because the state was proud of how many high schools in the state would win the national competition. They soon set up competitions across the state that would help boost the local economies by having an influx of visitors in town with the intent to compete. A couple powerhouse programs started to thrive thanks to the increased exposure, so the state set up this event to help the teams retain their competitive edge from year to year.

Anyway, this year the West Oaktree Acorns were invited along with 11 other programs from across the state. In years past it was only ever 6 squads who got the invite, but a lawsuit from programs not receiving invites changed that quick. The downside being the facility was located on the other side of the state, so a 5-hour bus ride was required.

Kylie got out of her car her parents got her for her 16th birthday, irked that someone had taken her usual spot. Huffing to herself she popped her trunk and slung her overnight bag over her shoulder. Grabbing her Nalgene with her other hand she closed her trunk, locked her car, and set off toward where everyone was gathered.

“Everyone gather round! Gather round!” Their coach, Ms. Spoked corralled everyone to where she was standing on a table, mentally doing a head count. “Now that everyone is here, I’d like to congratulate everyone for making it through the first two rounds of cuts!” After the cheering subsided, she continued, “Now. Because we didn’t know our final numbers for this trip until last week, I had to call the bus company later than usual. So unfortunately, at least for the trip there, we will not have our customary coach bus, but a regular school bus. It should be here in 10 minutes so use the restrooms while you can, there will be no stops!” With a collective groan, the girls put their gear down and started to filter into the nearest building in search of the restrooms.

Having gone to school at West Oaktree HS for the past 3 years Kylie knew the way and followed a handful of other upperclassmen to the nearest ladies’ room. She let her friends go first because she didn’t really need to go all that much and instead looked into the mirror. Standing at 5’6” she was about an average height in the cheer squad. She liked to think she was the prettiest with her shoulder length blonde hair adorned with green ribbons and striking green eyes, but there were a lot of beautiful girls on the squad. There were certainly a few of them with better assets. Though she was glad she didn’t have to deal with back pain like her friend Izzy, she often found herself wishing her chest size was larger than a B Cup. She found herself looking over her shoulder at her ass in the mirror, quietly pleased all her hard training gave her something for guys to drool over. She had a tight-toned ass, and she wouldn’t give it up for anything in the world.

“You done ogling yourself in the mirror” her fellow senior Annabelle asked, as she finished drying her hands, “The bus should be here by now, let’s go.” Kylie glanced toward the stalls and realized she must have zoned out while admiring herself in the mirror, for they were all empty. “Yea, sorry, let’s go.”

As I mentioned earlier, I don't really remember what direction I was going with this story, so I'm open to fresh ideas that fit the theme to rekindle my inspiration. Anyway, thanks for reading!

