Dream about a woman wetting on a train

Author: DLJimby98

*000*2023-09-12 06:02

Hey pee folks! Last night I had a really vivid dream of a train wetting and I wanted to put it into words. I'm adding some more details than what was actually in the dream for context and flavor.

I'm not sure where I was going or what was the purpose of my travel, but for whatever reason I found myself in line checking bags to get on a long train ride. I was waiting for the people ahead of me to have their stuff checked by security and all of the sudden I felt a finger tapping me on the shoulder. As I turned around I saw a brunette woman, hair done up in a ponytail, with a thin athletic build and a distressed look on her face. She was about 5'7", wearing pink leggings and a white tanktop, and had a nice butt and probably D-cup breasts. She looked at me when I turned and said, "Sorry to bother you, but I'm really in a hurry can I get my bag checked next," and before I could even respond she was already shifting to move past me.

Seeing her quite distressed I quickly responded with "Of course." and she gave me a very sincere "Thank you" in return. The old lady in front of me, however, was very adamant on keeping her spot in line. There were still a few people ahead of us in line, so it looked like she was going to have to wait a bit longer.

As we were waiting I noticed the woman in front of me was crossing her legs a lot and moving in place quite a bit. She had 2 bags, a rolling suitcase and a duffel bag, so she had to use both hands to carry them. The next time we stopped, however, she parked the rolling suitcase and tried to nonchalantly grab at her crotch for some release. She was using the duffel bag as cover, but I could definitely tell how desperate she was being right behind her.

Edit: I will continye the story in the replies, I accidentaly hit post while i was checking the tags and editing the intro.

*001*2023-09-12 07:23

As we inched forward each time in line, she would do the same song and dance of moving the suitcase forward and then grabbing herself. Each little movement came with a faster crotch grab after letting go of the suitcase. As the old lady reached the front of the line, the woman in front of me tried to move her suitcase by pushing it with her elbow so she wouldn't have to stop holding herself. Unfortunately, this maneuver led to her suitcase falling over. She cursed under her breath and started to bend over to grab it, but immediately stiffened up as she realized her mistake. As she was bent over, I caught a glimpse of a small wet spot forming that must have been the culprit.

She looked mortified, but held strong and stopped the flow before it become more than a spurt. As soon as she regained a little composure, security called her over as next in line. Hearing this, she akwardly shuffled over to the desk and asked the person at the counter to lift her bags for her. The person gave her a weird look but grabbed them off of the floor and proceeded with the security process. Luckily for her, it was quick and she was free to board. I watched her make a mad dash on to the train and proceeded to go about my security check.

After another minute or so, I boarded the train and looked around for the nearest bathroom to check if she had made it. When I came to the closest one I saw that it was locked, so I kept moving towards my spot on the train. The next toilet I came across was near the back where my seat was, and I saw the woman was standing right in front of it. She was there knocking on the door rapidly with seemingly no response coming from inside. When I found my seat by the window, I was still within view of the bathroom door. I saw her then start fiddling with the door handle some more, since it seemed like no one was inside. She was starting to look very desperate, with a hand jammed between her thighs and boucing in place as she held for dear life.

To her luck, a train attendant was making rounds and noticed her struggling with the door. She asked him if he could open it for her, since there was clearly nobody inside. He responded with, "The train is having problems with the locking mechanisms in the bathroom and we are waiting on someone before we get moving." As the man walked away, she looked about ready to give up. After trying a few more times to open the door in vain, she eventually left to go sit in her seat and try to ride out the desperation as best as she could.

As luck would have it, she came over to my row to be seated. She noticed me sitting there and blushed pretty heavily as she realized she didnt have a row to herself. Still, she forced herself to sit down, immediately grinding into the chair and digging both of her hands into her crotch. She dropped all pretense as she looked at me and said quietly, "Sorry, I REALLY have to pee right now and the bathroom is locked." I blushed at this confession and told her not to worry about it.

A few minutes passed by as the woman fidgeted in her chair to no end. All of the sudden, I heard a gasp from her way and an audible hissing as I looked back over and saw her pants start growing wet. She froze for a second, just watching the patch on her crotch grow and trail down her leggings. Then, she quickly got up and started fast-walking over to the bathroom. As she got up I saw her butt absolutely drenched with piss; the pink turned dark all across the back of her pants. And as she left, pee flowing down her legs and making a trail on the floor, I saw the huge puddle in the chair cushion that she left.

What followed was her left as a puddle on the floor next to the bathroom door in tears. I got up, careful to avoid the puddles in both the chair and the ground and came over to comfort her. I then called over a train attendant and got some wipes and towels to clean up with. While I helped the train attendant clean up, eventually the people came in to fix the bathroom locks and she went in to dry her pants off as best as she could. Unfortunately, the train was fully boarded so she couldnt access her luggage and had to sit in her pee soaked leggings the rest of the ride.

I did my best to make her feel better in the interim, which led to some nice conversation on the ride between us. She was super embarrassed, but started to feel better after a while. It ended with a bit of flirting and we ended up grabbing dinner together when we got to our desination.

