Planet of Desperation - Page 3

Author: DerivativeWings

*051*2018-03-06 15:39

{{15 minutes ago, YourFNF said:

Okay so home bathrooms are not locked down I assume? So I guess that means the protagonist just waited to long and got a rude shock?

}}

There are two categories of toilets: Normal and Public.

Public toilets are always free to use. However, a city is only allowed a handful at most, so these tend to have large queues.

Normal toilets can only be used when the user has a toilet time. Home toilets are included in this category.

As to why humanity accepts this fact; you'll have to wait on future chapters for an answer to that question.

*054*2018-03-06 15:58

{{12 minutes ago, YourFNF said:

Okay so the home toilets are locked down, but how? I can see how popping the lock might set off a tamper alarm (I guess the aliens can'd the fourth amendment). But why not just flip the breaker to cut the power and disable it. I'm no electrician but even I can pop a plate and cut wires.

}}

In terms of technology; this story takes place more than twenty years in the future, post-alien invasion. The solutions that would work on a contemporary lock are not applicable here.

{{5 minutes ago, YourFNF said:

Just out curiosity would my solution for the home toilets work?

}}

I won't say it's impossible to tamper with a toilet, but it's not be something most people could do in this universe.

{{5 minutes ago, YourFNF said:

I'm guessing if there is a me in this universe they have a rap sheet of petty crimes several kilometers long and are probably a tatted up hacker punk.

}}

Haha it's possible.

Thanks for you interest in the story, by the way! I'm sorry my answers have to be a bit vague, since I don't want to approach spoiler territory, but it's a lot of fun to get questions about the Planet of Desperation universe.

*056*2018-03-06 16:05

{{1 minute ago, YourFNF said:

I'm glad they don't annoy you, It's just when something breaks my suspension of disbelief it becomes a puzzle I have to take apart and solve. That and when I see a system of authority without logical and or ethical justification my inner anarchist wants to tear it down. See my early comment about this universe making me go full shadowrunner.

}}

I actually really like getting questions like that, since it's really fun to see which ones I already knew the answer to myself.

The next three chapters should give you some interesting hints, I would think.

