The Desperate Pyramid

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2023-06-21 20:05

I thought of this one largely off of the top of my head as I was thinking about how I had read numerous accounts from cheerleaders that they often didn't get that many opportunities to go to the bathroom. And then I thought it would be interesting to have cheerleaders desperate in a cheerleading pyramid because that would be something very physical that would probably put a lot of pressure on the bladder. 

But then I thought what would end up getting them in a cheerleading pyramid so long that they would end up having to suffer extensive bladder agony, and then I thought it would be funny if maybe they were trying to get a record for the longest time in a cheerleading pyramid. I tried looking that up online, but I couldn't find anything about the longest time in a cheerleading pyramid, just the longest number of people in one, so I just sort of made up a time for the purpose of this story but I think it works pretty well. And for those of you who enjoy wetting this is one of my few stories that involves that, so there you go, as I felt that it fit the story very well for comedic purposes. Can also be read in my blog https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/12295.html

The Desperate Pyramid

"I can't believe that our school is going to try to break the Guinness book world record for the longest time staying in a cheerleading pyramid," Jill said. "What was the record exactly?"

"11 hours and 57 minutes," Christie said. "It looks like they were just short of their goal of half an entire day."

"Well that would certainly suck, to come so close to a goal like that and then failing at the last moment like that, but hey they still got the record. Do you honestly think that we can beat that record?"

"I don't know, but I certainly look forward to trying."

"I don't know, it sounds like it's going to be a real challenge, I mean to go 12 full hours just stuck in a cheerleading pyramid without collapsing."

"Well hey you never know unless you try, but this is our chance at making our school famous, don't you want to look back and be able to say that you got a Guinness book record for the world's longest staying in a cheerleading pyramid."

"I almost feel like we should try for some kind of more substantial record, something that's more of a real accomplishment than some kind of stunt that is meant to just bring publicity to the school. But hey I suppose a record is a record."

Later that week all of the girls on the cheerleading team wanted to be part of the attempt at the Guinness book record, so very slowly they all started climbing on top of each other until they had made a pyramid formation.

"How long has it been," Jill said before she looked across at the timer that they had set up in big bold digital letters. "I can't believe it's only been six minutes."

"Well six minutes down, that's only 11 hours and 54 minutes to go," Christie said.

After about an hour everybody was getting rather uncomfortable but nobody wanted to be the one who ended up ruining the record.

"I'm getting kind of thirsty," Julie said. "Holding up a pyramid like this is a lot of thirsty work, it really is very exhausting."

That was when a bunch of the teachers who were supervising this for the television program, as all of this was being recorded, started coming over with drinks and slowly bringing the drinks over to the girls so that they could drink them through a straw.

"But now ladies you don't want to drink too much for a certain reason I think that you might have not taken into consideration," Mrs. Erickson said as all of the sudden those words hit Jill like a bunch of bricks.

Jill realized that it had only been an hour, but she was already feeling the urge to go to the bathroom. It was not like anyone could leave the pyramid for a bathroom break, which is probably why so few people have tried to break this particular record before. In fact she was seriously starting to wonder how many Guinness book records had been lost simply because the person had to go to the bathroom before they could complete them.

Another hour had passed, and most of the cheerleaders were looking rather uncomfortable. Jill didn't think that any of them needed to go to the bathroom very badly, at least not at emergency level, but they were certainly getting rather exhausted from trying to hold up the pyramid.

As two hours turned into three hours a lot of the cheerleaders were now starting to look decidedly very uncomfortable, and Jill couldn't deny that she could really use a bathroom break.

Things were going more frustrating given the fact that there was a bunch of guys who had come by to watch all of the cheerleaders in their pyramid to lend moral support. But a lot of them seemed to be snickering and drinking a lot of drinks in front of them, causing many of the cheerleaders to begin licking their lips because they were once again getting thirsty, but they didn't dare drink anymore because they didn't want their bladders to get any fuller than they already were.

Four hours into the pyramid that was when some janitor came by and started hosing off the pavement not far from the field where the pyramid was being formed.

Jill could hear several of the cheerleaders moaning, as by now a large number of them certainly had to go to the bathroom, and seeing that janitor with his hose certainly wasn't helping, but there were still nearly 8 hours left in the challenge, and nobody dared break formation and risk having the eternal wrath of all of their classmates for having to endure something like this for nothing.

"I have to pee extremely bad," Christie eventually shouted as several of the other cheerleaders began moaning. "Don't they give us a chance to take a bathroom break?"

Mrs. Erickson shook her head. "No girls, I'm afraid that the rules are very clear, the whole purpose of the record is that you stay in the pyramid formation for the longest time possible, if you are able to take breaks a couple of times it wouldn't really be an achievement now would it? I guess you'll all just have to continue holding it in."

"I don't think that I can wait another 7 1/2 hours," Christie said a short while later. "And the worst thing is I can't even cross my legs because then I would be breaking formation!"

"I guess we will just have to continue holding on," Jill said as she gritted her teeth because she could feel the pressure in her bladder was steadily mounting. As she contemplated the situation she thought that this was a lot of aggravation to go through for a record that wasn't exactly going to bring them many accolades. So they would have a record that they were the longest pyramid, it probably wasn't something that you could really get credit for on any college application, and it wasn't like there was a cash prize, still she could see that nobody in the pyramid wanted to leave the pyramid and risk blowing the record for everyone.

"Oh my God we need a bathroom," several of the girls began shouting by the six hour mark, as it could be seen that the majority of them looked as though they were in agony.

"You're halfway there girls, you just have to go another six hours," Mrs. Erickson said as all of the girls began groaning.

"Oh my God I'm peeing myself," Julie said as several of the other girls began screaming but somehow still managed to maintain the pyramid.

"Don't break formation," Chrissy said right before she began urinating on the head of the girl underneath her who continued gritting her teeth. "God the things some of us will do just to break a record!"

"You know I want all of these girls to get this record but this is getting kind of ridiculous now," Mrs. Erickson said, as she could see that several of the girls were peeing on each other while the other girls were moaning in agony. "I have the bad feeling it's going to take some kind of a miracle to save these girls if they want to get their record after all."

Just as Mrs. Erickson was saying that suddenly she heard the sound of thunder and suddenly it started pouring rain all over the girls.

"Don't break formation girls, you just have another six hours to go," Mrs. Erickson shouted, but at that moment she could see that several of the girls suddenly had relaxed looks on their faces. For a moment she thought that maybe the rain was just cooling them off but she realized at that moment all of the girls collectively began going to the bathroom and relieving their aching bladders.

"I feel like when they put this in the record book they are going to want to leave out these details," Mrs. Stéphane said as Mrs. Erickson nodded.

Finally after another six hours the clock went off and all of the girls were quite literally relieved as they were finally able to get out of the pyramid.

"I wonder if it was all really worth it," Jill said. "I mean I'm glad we got the record after all of that but I'm also not really thrilled that I got urine in my hair."

"Well I guess our suffering is over one way or another," Christie said as she and Jill started walking towards the bathroom to see that all of the other girls were likewise in line for the bathroom. "Well almost!"

Jill laughed. "Let's just be glad that we weren't going for the record for longest bathroom line!"

*002*2023-06-24 17:43

@rebeljaffa

"Just for once, Jill got relief! For a moment I was expecting that she would be the only one who didn't get to go, because the universe always does that to Jill! This is an historic moment!"

Sometimes I allow my characters to get relief but it really depends on the story. The reasoning behind this was I was thinking if you were in a cheerleading pyramid and had to pee that it would be a really disastrous situation, so I thought how could I draw it out so I thought that they would try to go for the record and then I figure that eventually they would all start having to pee all over each other.

And then I figured eventually it would start raining and they could all discreetly get relief that way, which was perhaps inspired by that time at Six Flags where I managed to pee myself while under one of the showers that they had to cool people off so that nobody can see what I was doing since I was already wet.

And now that I think about it maybe unconsciously I was influenced by the ending of Miga Miga Avasaram where the police woman was able to pee because it started raining and she could just go in her pants. I don't usually put wetting in my stories but I think that they are situations in which it fits rather well. The way I see it if you are wet already you might as well just go to the bathroom wherever you happen to be!

