Urban Horror

Author: Ducklett00

*003*2016-06-07 05:41

Chapter 2

Reika, Erika and Hasuna stood outside school and watched as Yasuko's body was moved into ambulance. Haruna had been crying whole time, Erika was pale and looked like she was about to pass out. Reika couldn't get the picture of Yasuko's face off her memory, Yasuko's final words also echoed in her ears. Reika hadn't thought about the little girl but she knew it had to be the victim who was burned in the Shrine's fire. Female police officer walked to them. She was long and skinny, she had blonde hair and friendly smile.

"My name is Kyoko Igarashi, I need you to come to the police station. I have few questions for you" she said.

Haruna didn't say anything, Erika nodded briefly and Reika was still looking at the ambulance where Yasuko's body was. Kyoko pointed towards police car near their position. Erika, Reika and Haruna sat on the backseat and Kyoko sat behind the wheel. Luckily they were allowed to put on their normal clothes. Reika's shorts had been stained by the blood, not to mention the urine. Nobody had saw that she had wet herself, she was still wearing her panties which were soaked. Underneath her jeans nobody couldn't see them, she prayed that nobody wouldn't be able to smell it. Reika looked at Haruna, she was still crying. Her eyes were reddish and her cheeks wet from tears. Reika was sitting between Haruna and Erika, so Reika turned her head on her right and looked at Erika. Erika was still pale and she looked out from the window. Kyoko turned on the engine and hit the accelerator.

Haruna sat at the table in small room, there wasn't anything else except big mirror on the wall. Haruna knew it was one-way mirror and someone was probably watching her. Haruna was nervous. After they arrived to the police station, each one of them had been taken to separate rooms. Haruna drummed table with her fingers. She had been sitting there probably half an hour and she had drank maybe little too much water when they were playing tennis, she had felt slight desperation fifteen minutes ago and every minute her desperation increased. Finally door opened and Kyoko walked in, she had folder with her.

"Sorry you had to wait so long" Kyoko said and sat down opposite Haruna.

Haruna opened her mouth to ask if she could use the bathroom but Kyoko interrupted her.

"This will be over soon, just a few questions"

Kyoko put folder on the table and paged through the files. Haruna put her hands between her legs and squeezed them together, she bounced her legs and pressed her crotch with her hands. Kyoko was still paging through the files and Haruna's heart was beating like a drum. She was scared, at this rate she would soon...

"Oh god!" Haruna cried out when she felt warmness spreading in her pants.

Her bottom quickly became wet, urine soaked chair and splashed on the floor like it was poured from the bucket. Splashing sound resounded in the room, to Haruna it sounded like artillery. Kyoko raised her gaze from the folder, looked under the table and then Haruna. Haruna felt herself blushing.

"I'm so sorry, I was scared and I tried to tell you that I have to go to the bathroom"

"It's okay, you're not the first one who's having an accident during the interrogation" Kyoko said kindly.

"Could we get couple towels in here?" Kyoko asked while looking at the mirror.

Haruna turned her gaze to the floor, she was still holding her hands between her legs and they were wet and warm. Kyoko was reading some file when door opened and male police officer walked in, he was bald and had beard. He put pile of towels on the table and looked briefly at Haruna, he was obviously disgusted.

"Now disappear" Kyoko said to officer.

"Pathetic" Haruna heard man saying when he left the room.

"Sorry about that" Kyoko said.

"Here you go, you can use these to clean up" Kyoko pushed towel pile closer to Haruna.

Haruna took a towel and stood up, then she turned her back on Kyoko. She had never been so embarrassed. Chair was completely wet and there was large puddle on the floor under the chair. It took nearly five minutes and four towels to dry the chair and the floor. Luckily only Haruna's bottom appeared to be wet so she used only one towel to dry some of it, then she put towel on the chair and sat on it.

"Let's begin, could you tell me what happened tonight?" Kyoko asked.

Haruna took a deep breath and told everything what she knew, Kyoko took notes and nodded from time to time.

"Could it be possible that Reika killed Yasuko?" Kyoko asked after Haruna had finished.

"Yasuko was Reika's best friend, she didn't kill her" Haruna snarled.

"Well who would do this to Yasuko?" Kyoko put five pictures on the table.

Haruna looked at them, in every picture was Yasuko's face.

"Oh my god!" Haruna slapped her hand on her mouth when she realized what had happened to Yasuko.

"She bled to death" Kyoko said.

"Reika didn't kill her! I'm sure of it"

"Very well, what do you know about Shinto shrine's fire?"

"What?" if Haruna hadn't wet herself earlier, she would do it now. She was frightened and her bladder muscle relaxed while she tried to keep herself calm.

"Eyewitnesses saw four girls running from the Shrine when it started burning. You, Erika, Reika and Yasuko fit the description" Kyoko said.

"I only know what I have read from the news"

Kyoko looked Haruna in the eyes for a long time, then she picked up the photos from the table and stood up.

"You can go, I have no more questions" Kyoko walked to the door and opened it.

Haruna stood up and hurried past Kyoko out from the room.

Reika sat up, her heart was beating rapidly and she was sweating. Her phone's alarm clock was ringing, she picked up her phone and turned off the alarm. Reika couldn't believe that it was already Monday, weekend had felt so short. She had seen nightmares again and she had no memory of them. Worst part was that she hadn't been able to wake up. She suddenly remembered what had happened last time and she quickly raised quilt. Reika sighed in relief, this time she didn't wet the bed but soon she realized how full her bladder was. She got up from the bed, walked towards the door and stopped. She wouldn't be able to make it to the bathroom like this. She put her left hand between her legs, squeezed her knees together and walked on her toes. Her bladder screamed for relief at every step she took. It felt like she didn't move at all, bathroom was so far away. Reika didn't even bother to close the bathroom door behind her.

She walked to the toilet, yanked her panties down and sat down. As soon as she sat down, she couldn't control it anymore and she started peeing. Reika let out long sigh of relief, if she had slept any longer or the distance to the bathroom had been longer, she would definitely had an accident. After she emptied her bladder, she wiped herself with toilet paper, pulled panties up and flushed the toilet. She washed her hands and walked to the kitchen. Reika made coffee, sat on the couch and turned on the laptop.

She checked news, there wasn't any mention about Yasuko's death. Reika didn't believe that Yasuko had committed suicide, Yasuko had said 'she made me beautiful' so Reika believed that someone had attacked Yasuko. Or Yasuko had lost her mind but Reika didn't believe that either. Reika felt few tears running down her cheeks and quickly wiped her eyes and cheeks with her hands. She searched the internet for anything that could help but couldn't find anything. Haruna was better with this kind of things, maybe she could find something. Reika looked at the clock, she had been searching the internet for an hour. Reika turned off the laptop and hurried to the bedroom. She put on her school uniform, grabbed her bag and left her apartment.

Reika had different lessons than Erika and Haruna in the morning so she met them as late as lunchtime in school cafeteria. Erika and Haruna were sitting at the table where they always sat, Reika walked to them and sat opposite Erika.

"How are you?" Haruna asked.

Reika raised her shoulders.

"Did that cop asked lot questions from you?" Erika asked and looked at Reika and Haruna.

"I was there about fifteen minutes" Reika answered.

"Me too" Erika said.

They looked at Haruna.

"She only asked few questions from me" Haruna answered and looked to the floor.

"Did you tell her about Shrine's fire?" Erika asked.

"No"

"Then what is wrong with you?" Erika asked frustrated.

"I was so scared that I peed in my pants before she even asked first question" Haruna raised her gaze.

Erika gave a laugh but Reika put her right hand on Haruna's hand and smiled kindly to her, then she looked at Erika.

"Haven't you ever been scared of police?" Reika asked.

"Of course not and only little girls pee their pants" Erika answered.

"Fuck you Erika!" Haruna said.

"So what do we do today?" Erika asked.

Erika looked at Haruna who raised her shoulders, she turned her gaze to Reika who raised her shoulders too.

"Oh come on! you probably have some ideas" Erika said.

"It's so difficult without Yasuko" Reika said, few tears ran down her cheeks.

"I miss her" Haruna was looking at the floor.

"Yeah I miss her too" Erika said.

There was long silence moment, no-one spoke a single word.

"Excuse me" female voice said near them.

Erika, Haruna and Reika raised their gaze from the floor. Woman was short, little chubby and had short brown hair and big glasses. She was school's headmaster.

"Could you three come to my office right now?" she asked.

Reika gazed Haruna and Erika, they also looked surprised.

"Sure Mrs Sameshima" Erika answered.

They stood up and followed Mrs Sameshima.

Headmaster's office was large and filled with bookshelves and file cabinets. Mrs Sameshima sat down on the chair behind the desk, Erika, Haruna and Reika stood in front of the desk.

"You've got nothing to fear, don't be so tense" Mrs Sameshima said.

Reika looked at Haruna and Erika. Haruna had been standing as stiff as board, even Erika had been tensed.

"I heard about Yasuko ten minutes ago" Mrs Sameshima said.

Reika, Haruna and Erika quickly gazed each other.

"If you need any help to get over this, you can talk to school nurse or me. You don't have to be alone with this. I know this is hard for you, so I give you rest of the week free"

"Thank you Mrs Sameshima" Erika said, since Reika and Haruna stood silently.

"You can go now" Mrs Sameshima said.

Reika, Haruna and Erika quickly left headmaster's office without running. No-one spoke until they reached school yard.

"Whole week without school" Haruna said.

"So what do we do now?" Reika asked.

"I'm going for a swim, see you later" Erika answered and walked off.

"I'm going to the coffee shop" Reika said.

"Wait, I come with you" Haruna said.

Coffee shop was almost empty when they arrived, they walked to the table where they always sat and sat down. Short, blonde waitress walked to them.

"Hello gals! Where is Yasuko and Erika?" she asked.

"Hello Mayumi, Erika is going for a swim" Reika answered.

"And Yasuko?"

"She...she is dead" Haruna said.

"What?!" Mayumi turned pale and sat next to Haruna.

"How?" Mayumi looked at Haruna and then turned her gaze to Reika.

"We..we are not sure" Haruna answered.

"I go get coffee for you, then tell me everything" Mayumi stood up and walked to get coffee.

She soon came back with two cups of coffee and gave them to Haruna and Reika, then she sat next to Haruna. Reika took a long sip from the cup, took a deep breath and told what had happened in the locker room. Only things she didn't tell was that she had wet herself and that she had saw little girl. Haruna and Mayumi were pale when Reika finished speaking.

"What did she meant by 'she made me beautiful'?" Mayumi asked after awhile.

"I don't know, I think someone attacked her" Reika answered.

She drank rest of the coffee and looked Haruna and Mayumi. Haruna was thinking something and Mayumi was wiping her eyes.

"I...I have to go back to work" Mayumi said when two customers walked in, she stood up and walked away.

"You obviously have something in your mind" Reika said to Haruna, who was writing something in her notebook.

"I have to check few things before I can be certain" Haruna stood up and put notebook in her bag.

"Are you coming?" Haruna asked.

"You go ahead, I have to use the bathroom" Reika answered.

Haruna put her hand on Reika's shoulder and squeezed it a little.

"Call me if you need someone to talk to" Haruna said.

"Yeah, thanks Haruna" Reika stood up and walked towards the bathrooms.

She wasn't really that desperate but she decided to use the bathroom just in case. Girls' bathroom was small, there was two cubicles, few sinks and small mirror above sinks. Reika walked to the first cubicle and closed the door, pulled down her panties and sat on the toilet. Reika shut her eyes and relaxed, muffled sound of urine hitting the water lasted few seconds and stopped. Reika dried herself with paper, pulled her panties up and flushed the toilet. She opened the door and walked to the sink. She washed her hands, then bend over and threw water on her face. Reika closed faucet and kept her eyes closed when she straightened herself.

She opened her eyes and looked her reflection, she looked little pale. Something else caught her eyes on the mirror, a figure standing behind her. Blue dress, brown hair and mouth slit from ear to ear, Yasuko! Reika quickly turned around, her heart was beating fast but she didn't see anyone. Had it really been Yasuko or was it just her imagination, they had been talking about Yasuko few minutes ago so it could be her imagination. Reika quickly dried her face and hands on the paper and left the room. When she was outside bathroom she peeked to the bathroom before door closed, that little girl was standing there and then she was gone. Reika shook her head, probably her imagination but she couldn't stop the fear that was slowly filling her.

Public swimming pool was totally empty, there was only few members of staff like lifeguard. Erika liked it that way, she would be able to swim in peace. When Erika walked to the pool from shower room, female lifeguard gazed her briefly. Lifeguard was wearing red bikini, she had red hair and a whistle hanging around her neck. Erika was wearing skintight pink swimsuit. Erika stretched for a moment before she jumped in the pool. Water was warm and felt good. Erika lost track of time while swimming, she had always loved swimming. Lifeguard was circling around the pool from time to time. When Erika finally got out from the pool, lifeguard had gone somewhere.

Erika had felt slight pressure on her bladder some time ago but didn't want to leave the pool so she swam until pressure in her bladder was almost unbearable. She pressed her crotch with hands and crossed her legs few times, perhaps she waited little too long. She wiggled her bottom, bent her legs in turns and bit her lip. Pressure eased up only little but she was now able to walk. She hurried to the corridor that led to girls' shower room. Bathroom was on the other side of the room, just a few more steps. Suddenly Erika heard giggling, it resounded in the room so it was hard to locate where it was coming from.

"Damn kids" Erika muttered to herself.

She was at the bathroom door, her hand was on the doorhandle. More giggles but this time it didn't resound in the room, it was coming from nearby. Erika turned her gaze to the left. There was row of showers on the area which was like a corridor, at the end of that area was little girl. Girl with long black hair and red dress! Erika couldn't breathe, she couldn't move. She was completely paralysed by fear. Fear took over her body and overflowed through her bladder. Urine ran down her legs, it smarted her thighs and splashed on the floor. Erika realized that there wasn't anyone else in the room, it was that girl who had been giggling. Erika's heart was beating fast, she was afraid that it might jump out from her chest.

Suddenly girl just disappeared and then girl's laugh echoed in the room. Erika took a step backward, slipped and fell on her bottom. She crawled on all fours towards the corridor that led to swimming pool, trickles of urine were still running down her legs. When she reached the corridor, she stood up and ran without looking behind. Corridor turned few times and then she was at the pool but when she was at the end of the corridor, she fell forward like someone had just grabbed her from the ankles. She hit her head on the floor before she fell into the pool.

Haruna was writing her thoughts in the notebook and wasn't really watching where she was going. Occasionally she bumped into other persons and briefly apologized before she continued her walking. Light around her suddenly dimmed and she raised her gaze from the notebook, she had walked in the tunnel. Haruna stopped for awhile to figure out where she was going, then she put notebook to her bag and continued walking. Tunnel was pretty well illuminated but it was too dim for Haruna's liking. Tunnel had sidewalk and roadway, at the moment there wasn't any cars passing by or other persons walking. Haruna was halfway when lights suddenly switched off and because tunnel was long and curve, she couldn't see either end of the tunnel. It was pitch-dark, she couldn't see anything. Before Haruna even managed to start swearing, a single light switched on right above her. It illuminated only small area around her.

"Just my luck" Haruna muttered.

Without warning a man walked past Haruna right in front of her, Haruna let out short shriek. Man ignored her, he walked like a zombie. Then Haruna realized that she could see right through man, man was grayish like a ghost. Man kept walking until Haruna couldn't see him anymore, then dozens more men walked past Haruna. They all were grayish like a first man and they all ignored Haruna. Haruna's breathing was shallow, her every muscles were tensed. She felt strong urge to go to the bathroom. When every men had walked so far that Haruna couldn't see them anymore, she instantly heard laughing. Haruna turned around, little girl with long black hair and red dress was looking at her and laughing. Girl's face was burned and disfigured, her eyes were shut. Indescribable fear struck to Haruna, that girl was probably the victim of Shrine's fire.

There was no doubt in Haruna's mind, that girl had to be reason for those ghosts Haruna had just saw. Girl opened her eyes, they were glowing red. Haruna could only stand there and stare into those eyes, she couldn't turn her gaze away. Next thing she knew was that she had lost her bladder control. Urine gushed instantly through her panties and partly soaked her skirt, ran down her legs into her shoes and splashed on the asphalt. Girl giggled, it was too much for Haruna. She turned around and ran. While running she noticed that ghosts had formed a circle around her and the girl. Haruna was briefly aware that she ran through ghosts, she kept running even though she couldn't see anything.

Erika spat water from her mouth and then she started to cough, she had water in her lungs. Someone turned Erika on her side and Erika could cough water out from her lungs more easily.

"Let it all out, good girl" female voice said.

Erika turned her head and saw lifeguard's face. She was on her knees beside Erika, lifeguard was wet so Erika deduced that she had saved her from drowning.

"That was too close, you almost drowned. What happened?" lifeguard said.

"Cramp, I had cramp in both legs" Erika made up hastily.

"Stay put, I call paramedic"

"No! I don't need paramedic, I'm fine" Erika stood up, her legs were trembling.

Erika didn't want to take any kind of chances that someone would find out that she had wet herself like a little girl. It was probably only in her mind but she could swear that she still felt urine burning her legs and crotch. Before lifeguard had a chance to say anything, Erika ran to the girls' shower room and to the locker room. She quickly dried herself with towel, put on her school uniform without taking swimsuit off or putting on panties and bra. She shoved panties and bra into her bag and left the locker room.

Reika was lying on the bed in her room, she was looking at the wall without really focusing into anything. There was so much going on in her head that she couldn't think. Reika heard sounds coming from the living room, she stood up and slowly walked to her room's door. There was nobody in the corridor so Reika walked to the end of the corridor and peeked in the living room. There was two figures standing in the middle of the living room. Girl with brown hair and blue dress, second figure was woman with long white dress and black hair. Woman was slitting girl's face with scissors, woman stepped aside and Reika was able to recognize the girl, Yasuko!

"She made me beautiful" Yasuko said happily while looking at Reika.

Woman turned around, her face was also slit from ear to ear.

"We make you beautiful too" Yasuko said, then she and woman approached Reika.

Reika was too scared to move, soon Yasuko and woman reached Reika. They both raised their right hand where scissors were.

"No!" Reika woke up, she was screaming as loud as she could.

Reika looked around, she was in her room on her bed. Reika quickly felt her face with her hands, it appeared to be intact. It was all just a dream but now she knew exactly what had happened to Yasuko. Reika looked at the clock, it was almost nine in the morning. She took her phone from the table, she had received a text message from Haruna at the same time she had woken up: Meeting at the coffee shop immediately. Reika put her phone back on the table and was about to get up when it all happened so fast. Yasuko had suddenly appeared standing next to Reika. Reika felt like she had ran to the wall, warm and wet feeling spread underneath Reika's bottom. Yasuko giggled, it didn't sound her at all. Yasuko moved her left hand above quilt, quilt fell to the floor. It was exactly like Reika had feared, large dark patch on the bedsheet. She had peed herself.

"Did you wet the bed?!" Yasuko giggled, her voice was different.

"Remember when we used to wet the bed together when we were young" Yasuko asked.

Now Reika was sure, that thing wasn't Yasuko. Reika didn't have bedwetting problem as a child and she knew that Yasuko didn't either have that problem.

"You're not Yasuko!"

Reika tried to move but she was too scared to move. Yasuko laughed and then she was gone.

"She's mine" girl's voice whispered into Reika's ear.

Reika jumped out from the bed, she gazed around but didn't see anyone. She quickly put on jeans and black t-shirt. She didn't dare to stay any longer in her apartment, she didn't even change her panties. Reika ran to the front door and left her apartment, she could swear that she heard distant laugh coming from her room.

When Reika arrived to the coffee shop, Haruna was sitting at the table. Haruna was wearing pink shirt and black skirt. Reika walked to the table and sat opposite Haruna.

"Something new?" Reika asked.

"Let's wait for Erika" Haruna answered, she looked tired.

Young short girl walked to them and asked if they wanted to order anything, they both ordered cup of coffee. Girl walked away and soon returned with two cups of coffee, she gave them to Haruna and Reika. Haruna and Reika thanked and girl walked away. There was long moment when neither of them didn't do or say anything, then Haruna took a sip from the cup.

"Why we had to meet so early?" Erika had arrived and she sat next to Haruna.

Erika had white pants and light blue tube top.

"I did some research" Haruna said.

"And?" Erika asked.

"Have you heard about Kuchisake-onna?" Haruna asked.

"No" Erika answered, Reika shook her head.

"It's urban legend or so I thought. She was mutilated by her husband and she returned as a malicious spirit. I think alleged sightings began spreading in 1979 around the Nagasaki Prefecture. I think she attacked Yasuko" Haruna told.

Reika gazed briefly Erika when Haruna took a sip from the cup, Erika was pale.

"Yesterday I encountered ghosts, I believe those ghosts were from Hitobashira" Haruna said.

"From what?" Reika asked.

"Hitobashira is a term for human pillars. They are concrete pillars, inside of them is said to be human sacrifices. They buried humans inside of those pillars because it was believed that it would make them sturdier. It is rumored that those pillars can be found from all over Japan"

"What about that girl?" Erika asked.

Haruna and Reika turned their gaze to Erika.

"You have seen her too?" Reika and Haruna asked at the same time.

Erika looked at Reika and Haruna, Haruna gazed at Reika and Reika gazed at Haruna.

"I think she is the reason for all this, she has to be the victim of Shrine's fire. I think this is her revenge" Haruna said.

End Of Chapter 2

And again I wait few days and then post Chapter 3

