Swimming with Scarlett and Beth - Short

Author: Dimwitrolo

*000*2019-07-14 06:18

"Come on! Get out!"

"Would you just wait?" Scarlett says from inside the cubicle.

"I can't wait!" Beth shouts back, stamping her bare feet against the tiled floor. "I need to get in!"

"Tough." Scarlett says back, a hint of amusement on her voice.

"H-hurry!"

Beth's stood outside the cubicle, hopping back and forth from foot to foot. Neither girl has been in the pool itself yet, but it feels to Beth like she's carrying one inside her right now - and the only thing stopping her from letting it go is Scarlett - who's sat about three feet away from her behind the wooden door. She can see her feet under the door and a couple of suspect droplets of...something...that suggests she didn't reach the toilet in time.

"Oh, c-come on Scarlett!" Beth moans, leaning against the wall. "I can't hold it!"

"I only just sat down!" Scarlett says back. "I haven't even..." She says, pausing. A dull hiss and a steady stream of splashes come from behind the door. "Haah! I've only just started going!"

"N-now you're just teasing me!" Beth shouts, pressing her head into the door. She feels something warm against her skin - something warm, fresh, and something that signifies that she doesn't have long until the dam bursts.

$$

"Come oooon!" Beth moans as she tries to ignore the pulsing feeling in her groin. The sound of Scarlett behind the door is almost unbearable - the hissing, the splashing, and the soft moans that Scarlett's quite generously and deliberately giving out.

"Sooo good!" Scarlett says from behind the door. "Phew, I really needed that, Beth!"

"S-shut up!"

"Oh god it's good though - I swear, you could see it bulging out a little before I got in!"

"S-Scarlett!"

"Gonna be real with you Beth. My swimsuit isn't totally dry - I came this close to-"

"S-Stop! Just get a move on!" Beth shouts, Looking down at herself, trying her best not to leak. "Come on, I'm about to wet my suit!"

Looking down at herself, Beth can see just how mad she's got to go. She can't see the wet spot - although she can feel it - because there's something in the way. Beth can only imagine it's her bladder, so full she can see it - she can certainly feel it, like a rock beneath her ribs. Another feeling of warmth blossoms around her groin as another leak makes its way out.

"Why aren't you using the other toilet anyway?" Scarlett says from behind the door. The splashing sounds begin to slow down to a last few drips. Scarlett lets out one last exaggerated sigh. "Oh, so good!"

"O-out of order - Let me in!"

"I've only just stopped peeing, give me a moment!"

"H-hurry!"

"How do you know I don't need to poop?"

"SCARLETT!!"

"Look I said you should pee in the pool."

"I-I'm not gonna - Hnng!"

"What?"

Beth doesn't respond - she can't - at that moment, the only things she can focus on are her bladder, and getting it over a toilet, before it empties down her legs. She's already had two small warnings, and now it feels like it's about to take control. She can't hear anything coming from behind the door now though, other than Scarlett's breathing. She bangs her fist against the door and then....

"Do you mind?" Scarlett asks. "I won't be a momen - Oh my god!"

It happened - With a huge wave of pressure from her bladder, Beth couldn't hold back. The ocean inside her erupted in a warm flood in her groin, before bursting from her swimsuit and falling to the floor with a loud splatter. Rather than fight back though, Beth decides - or more rather, her body decides - to push with her bladder. Pressing her face into the door, Beth feels her whole body tense up as she forcefully relieves herself into her swimsuit, hissing furiously as it jets out of her. She lets out a moan of 'Nnnn-haaaaah!' as relief floods up her body in a warm shiver to match the warm streams now pouring down her legs, wrapping around her thighs, calves and ankles, before falling into small puddles beneath her feet.

Almost double the size of the puddles under each foot, there's a rapidly growing third puddle directly beneath her, with fresh urine falling into it straight from the source - filtered by the swimsuit. The pale yellow stream glistens in the electric light as it falls, soaking the floor and splashing her ankles as it does. Beth arches her back as everything floods out of her, as the feeling of relief grows stronger as the full feeling she'd had moments ago grows weaker, pouring out of her.

$$

"Can you get off the door?" Comes a voice from behind the cubicle. "I'm trying to get out."

"S-shut up." Beth spits back, pressing her head forward as she relieves herself. "I'm peeing."

"Yeah I can see." Scarlett says. "The puddles coming through the door."

"Haaah..."

"You, ah, you gonna stop any time soon? It's almost at my feet."

"T-tough." Beth mumbles, half giggling. "You did this to me." she moans.

"Hey!"

Beth doesn't respond though - and she doesn't move. She's not even halfway done - she'd been holding back an ocean, and it was going to take some time to get it all out, even in spite of Scarlett's protests.

The initial waves of releif have died off now, but the warmth running down her legs certainly hasn't. Reality becomes to come back to a now very relieved Beth. She stands up straight again, leaning off the door, and letting herself finish in her swimsuit. She laughs limply as Scarlett opens the cubicle door.

"You can stop now, Beth." Scarlett says. "Sit down and let the rest out."

"N-no point." Beth says, trying to stop grinning. "This far in, I might as well finish having this accident."

"Wow. You really had to go." Scarlett says, trying to figure out how to get out the cubicle without getting her feet wet. As she feels her toes grow warm, she decides it's best to step through it. "Couldn't you have done this somewhere away from the door?" She says, stepping in a very warm puddle as she moves away. She flicks her foot dry as she reaches dry ground.

"I can't believe you made me wet my suit." Beth says, turning to Scarlett with a slightly annoyed smirk.

"I can't believe you're still going."

"Hm?"

"Wanna get a move on?" Scarlett says, cocking her hip. "I kinda wanna go swimming today."

"Oh, yeah." Beth giggles. She clenches her body and the hissing grows louder and harsher for a couple seconds as she forces her bladder to empty now. Scarlett can see Beth's swimsuit move with the increased force from Beth's stream as it crashes out of her. It takes a couple seconds, but with the increased pressure, Beth finally finishes.

"Done?" Scarlett asks.

Beth nods.

"Feeling better?" Scarlett asks.

Beth nods.

"Let's go then."

Beth nods again and pulls at the crotch of her swimsuit, letting it slap back against her, shaking off some of the drops. The fall into the still warm puddle beneath Beth's feet. "Let's get in the pool."

