Sara's desperate day off!

Author: DerekOmoso

*000*2022-09-23 21:29

Sara woke up in the morning well-rested.

She went to bed at 11 last night and woke up at 9.

Sara was always busy with her job as a secretary. She never had time to herself. She'd either be working, cleaning, or sleeping. Today was her first day off in a few weeks. She was working a bunch to get enough money to move out of her apartment. She found a cute house that was being offered for a good price.

Anyways, Sara woke up with a lot of energy. The first thing she did was approach the bathroom. She thought for a minute about using it, but she had a little thing for holding it. Sometimes she even purposely peed her pants. She hasn't done it in a while due to how busy she was. She remembers back in college when her friend Lucy came over. They even ended up hooking up, but alas they wanted to go different ways so they mutually broke up.

Sara hasn't had fun like that in a long time. So today she decided she would.

Sara skips the bathroom and heads right to the kitchen. She makes herself a cup of tea. She gets out 2 slices of bread and throws them in the toaster. She starts it and heads to the living room to start a movie.

She looks at the steaming service she had and finds a funny sitcom from 2000. She starts it and immediately loves it.

*POP*

The toaster was finished. Sara stood up.

Her bladder makes its presence known. She giggles at it and skips over to the toaster. She grabs the two pieces of toast, puts them on a paper plate and butters them. She sprinkles a good amount of cinnamon on the bread. She takes a bite and smiles.

She returns to the couch. She sits in a criss-cross position. Her eyes focused on her food and the show.

She sips the tea she made earlier, knowing that it's going to go straight to her bladder. She finishes the toast after a half hour.

Sara stands up to throw away the paper plate. She feels the tea filling her bladder. She laughs again and makes herself another cup of tea. She sits back on the couch and spreads her legs a bit and pushes a bit. She tried to leak a bit into her panties, but her body said no. She gets back up and goes to her room. She pulls her panties down and the cool air shocks her privates. She pushed at the same time and managed to squirt a little jet of pee onto the panties and floor. She giggled and pulls the panties back up she rubs herself a little bit before taking the panties off and putting a fresh pair of teal panties on. She looks through her dresser and finds a white dress with a bunch of blue flowers on it. She puts it on and admires herself in the mirror. She picks the dress up and looks at her panties.

She leaves her room and returns to the couch.

After 3 cups of tea and an hour of her bladder filling she finally has started holding herself. Her bladder was an average size, but it filled slow. Hence why her desperation didn't get that bad.

The time was 11:30. She's been holding her pee in since 10:50 last night. She definitely needed to go now. If she stopped holding herself she probably would slowly leak and pee herself on her couch, but she wasn't going to stop holding herself.

Sara stood up slowly and slammed her thighs together so she wouldn't leak. Even if she wouldn't mind leaking into her panties.

She waddled to the bathroom and grabs a thick towel. She waddles back to the couch and places the towel on the ground in front of the couch. She knew she was going to pee herself. She just didn't know when.

She started another episode of her sitcom.

A funny joke gets told and Sara laughs pretty hard. She feels her muscles weaken and she squirts some pee into the teal panties she had on. Sara gasps and hops up on top of the towel. She thinks for a moment on how she wants to do this.

Another leak happens. A few drops hit the towel. Sara figures out what she wanted to do. She puts her hand on her dress and shoves it in between her legs. She crosses her legs as she pushes the pee out.

It takes time but eventually she feels the warmth flow out and soak her panties and dress. The blue flowers on the dress turning a darker shade. Her panties becoming a dark grey. The warm liquid flows down her legs. Sara hasn't felt this in a very long time. She lets out a loud moan. The towel gets wet as well. Sara drops to her knees and moans again. She lets go of the dress finishes peeing in her panties. Sara starts to rub herself through her wet panties. She moans and shakes with each run. After a minute if rubbing she climaxes which causes her to squirt more into her panties. Her whole body shakes as she comes back down.

"Oh... My..."

After Sara catches her breathe she stands up and uses these towel to wipe herself down. She goes into the bathroom and pushes her last little bit of pee into her panties. She takes her clothes off and climbs into the shower.

What a fun way to start the day.

FIN

