Starting Commisons again!!

By diaperedskye

*000*2025-02-01 04:22

Hello everyone! It’s been so long since i last wrote here but i recently got a ton of motivation to write again and i would love to do so for some people! Both wetting and messing stories are welcome. Though i do have some rules!

• Strictly only female commissions as i do not write male stories, never have and i doubt i ever will.

• Messing is something i’m not 100% into writing and these kind of stories may take me a little while to write just for the simple fact that i want to capture it perfectly rather than just slapping it onto the fiction section with little thought of how it may be received.

• I am a human, and i am doing these free of charge, i reserve the right to say no as any artist can and certain stories may come out before others, mainly if i’ve received the commission for them before the other one, or if i simply find it easier to write that one first — please respect that boundary, i’m quite a slow writer and while i try my best, that can cause some stories to take days, or even weeks to come out if i have lost motivation for it. This one’s super important.

• Finally, please don’t hound me over these pieces of work, as stated above, i am a slow writer and if i don’t get to your story as fast as you would like me to, please don’t hunt me down in dms or something of the like. I only say this because i have had many a bad experience doing this a few times before, and if you do, i will be ignoring you. It’s not worth the drama, messaging for updates is fine, but when it delves into having a one sided argument with me over a fictional piece of work that i am doing free of charge, it’s just not fair.

Feel free to either do artwork for your commissioned stories, or commission it from others, i love seeing the stuff some of you come up with 🙂

