Some interesting stories I experienced in school

Author: daily

*000*2022-06-29 04:45

I'd like to share some stories that I've been through.

And I have to say as a freshman whose mother tongue is not English I'm really not good at English, so I will try my best to reduce mistakes in grammar. Also, it may be because of the cultural differences between countries. Some of the details I have told you will be very unexpected and incomprehensible.

Please don't pay too much attention to the views and descriptions, just enjoy it as a fictional story.

But the whole story is based on reality to a certain extent.

I will update as the case may be. I hope that you will enjoy it.

###

After three years of hard work, I entered a famous university in our country with good results. And study game design there.

The reason why I mentioned our school is that it has some particularity.

Because our school is famous for the majors that are suitable for girls under our stereotype, such as art, communication media, performance, hosting, drama, etc.

Because our school is famous for the majors that are suitable for girls under our stereotype, such as art, communication media, performance, hosting, drama, etc. So the ratio of boys to girls reached 7:3. There are only a few math, science and engineering majors in our school that are considered suitable for boys.

Our school is also famous for its comprehensive service to students. For example, long ago, a girl reported that there were more girls in the school, but the ratio of male and female toilets was 1:1. Soon the school noticed this message and transformed the school toilet: some boys' toilets were transformed into girls' toilets. The original layout of the teaching building is that there are two toilets on the East and west sides, one male and one female. After reconstruction, one of the West or east side is two girls' toilets, and the other side is a men's toilet and a women's toilet.

The proportion of toilets for men and women is nearly 1:3. Comparing the ratio of men to women of 3:7, it can be found that the per capita proportion of boys is relatively lower than that of girls. Of course, the actual situation is much more complicated than the "digital game" I share now. As a girl, I don't care or deliberately think that I don't have enough "toilet rights", but when I urgently need to solve my personal physiological needs, I once found the benefits of being a girl.

It was a Saturday morning. My boyfriend (one of my friends who is a boy) and I agreed to study together in the classroom of the teaching building. But he didn't come to the appointment after I had studied for two hours. It was not until I sent him a message to wake him up that he arrived panting in 10 minutes.

His wheezing and the sound of placing objects broke the silence of the study room. He blushed embarrassedly, trying to reduce the noise caused by his sudden intrusion, and whispered his excuse to me. Although he said that he had forgotten which classroom we agreed to be in and was late, I still clearly saw his dark circles under his eyes and his messy hair and clothes - he should have stayed up late last night and just woke up when I called him. Then he put on his clothes with his belongings and rushed here from the boys' apartment.

“I'm really sorry.”

“It's OK, after all, your apartment is still far from here. It is always a difficult problem for college students to get up early on weekends.”

Really, the boys' apartment is far away from the school. There is a road and a subway between the two. There are not many people in the whole classroom, and there are fewer boys. To be exact, there are only oneortwo.

There are not many people in the whole classroom, and there are fewer boys. To be exact, there are only oneortwo. Maybe our stereotype that "girls are more down-to-earth and diligent than boys" is right. Maybe it's just that this classroom is an “accident”.

The tea cup on the table was steaming, and the whole classroom only had the sound of ballpoint pens sliding, books turning pages and tapping the computer keyboard.

Soon, the boy sitting next to me had a new problem. He crossed his legs as if shaking them anxiously. He kept looking out of the door absently. I don't care about his behavior, but he really bothers me.

"If you don't mind, please don't shake your legs."

Although he will stop temporarily, it seems that he still has a big problem to be solved.

With the empty coffee bottle, I can imagine what he has experienced since last night: in order to celebrate the weekend, he and his roommates spent almost a night with beer and games. Play hero league together, then drink a few cans of beer and go to sleep at some time in the morning.

At more than 10 o'clock, he was awakened by the annoying sound of his mobile phone. When he saw my message, he realized, "Oh, shit. I screwed up." Only then did he realize how irresponsible his behavior was last night, as he was preparing to go out with a girl.

Ignoring going to the bathroom and dealing with his hangover, he put on his clothes and rushed to the classroom. The coffee that served as breakfast and kept him awake obviously made his bladder worse.

The solution to all this is actually very simple. He just needs to say, "Oh, I can't hold it anymore. I have to go to the bathroom." But it is almost impossible for us to talk about peeing in front of the opposite sex. Especially when you are almost the only male here and you are surrounded by a person you know very well.

He was wearing black sweatpants at the bottom. His legs were pinched tighter and tighter, but to no avail. Under the condition that he would not be seen under the table, he covered his left hand in his crotch from time to time, because this behavior is almost a sexual perversion in the eyes of the opposite sex. Of course, I saw the dramatic display of his left hand and legs. Just like the cartoon pictures of holding urine on the Internet, the hand seems to be grasping the penis through the middle of the two legs. This shape is very obvious on the sports pants.

But the reality is never as simple as the description on the Internet. It seems that because of the different physiological deconstruction between men and women, it seems useless to grasp the "water pipe" in his lower body. It may be that all he can do is grasp the "water pipe" itself and cannot plug or press the "water pipe orifice". For example, when I am almost unable to hold my urine, I will subconsciously press my hands on my vagina to relieve the pain of holding my urine and prevent myself from leaking. But boys... They may be able to cover their lower bodies, but they may not have the same effect. Especially when he holds his urine to the extreme, he will have an erection. Although this can prevent them from urinating, it makes it more difficult to hold their urine. (What I said is only my own subjective understanding of the male urination system. Of course, it is not accurate.)

Ah, that's disgusting. Just like why he was ashamed to express his needs, under our conservative stereotype, every girl would be disgusted with this behavior, and every boy would be ashamed to show his side in front of many girls. (except for very private moments)

“The moment of excretion is the most vulnerable moment of a creature.”

What I have described above only happened in 30 minutes. As a boy, he is naturally more suitable to express his needs directly than a girl who needs to maintain his dignified image. (stereotype)

A small piece of his pants became darker because of urine leakage. It seemed that he had made a wrong decision: wet the front of his crotch with his "water pipe" facing up rather than down. In this way, he was simply telling everyone directly that I wet my pants.

"I... I'll go to the toilet." He did realize that the problem was big enough. Quickly open the door and walk out of the classroom. Of course, he won't cover his crotch with his hand as he walks. It's like declaring "I'm a pervert and I'm about to leak.". What I have seen in animation will never happen to me.

I settled down to study. It was not long before I realized that he had been out for nearly 30 minutes. Didn't he just pee?

I closed my book and stretched out for a long breath. I also need a little rest.

The classroom is on the east side of the teaching building. There are two girls' toilets at the door. I think I know why he left for so long, but not 30 minutes? When I entered the toilet, I heard two girls passing by the door discussing: "I just saw a boy go to the women's toilet by mistake, and then saw a girl and ran out."

"Oh, they always make mistakes. Don't boys read the sign when they go to the bathroom?"

Please forgive me for laughing. I imagined the story he had just experienced:

He was too anxious to see that this side of the toilet was for girls, and then he thought that the other side of the toilet was for boys. When he stepped in with one foot and bumped into a girl who was preparing to come out, he suddenly realized his mistake and blushed.

"I'm sorry, I read the sign wrong." I'm sure the girl was shocked, too.

In recent years, many news reports have pointed out the bad behavior of some college boys: secretly taking pictures of girls' toilets, secretly taking pictures of girls' bathhouses, and drugging girls. It is almost 100% unforgivable for boys to break into girls' toilets, because girls are afraid and suspect that they will be secretly photographed by the mini cameras that boys set in advance.

In our forum, there was a boy who was afraid of being mistaken for a voyeur because he entered the wrong toilet (but he didn't solve it inside, he just went to the door), so he quickly made a speech on the forum and said that he just went wrong accidentally, and was definitely not a voyeur who reported on the news. This fear is also reasonable, because if he is reported, he is likely to be asked to drop out of school.

Of the four toilet cubicles, I always habitually choose the middle two. I squatted down and took off my underpants to enjoy the short break.

When I got back to my seat after going to the bathroom, he had already come back. He tried his best to hide his embarrassment - he didn't solve it successfully. He was just looking for the toilet for more than 30 minutes.

But apparently he found the wrong place. The entire east side from the first floor to the fifth floor is a completely female toilet. He only looked for it on each floor instead of looking to the west, which would give him the illusion of despair: there is no men's toilet here. What should the boys do! Or is it because the men's toilet is being cleaned and can't be used, or is there too many people in line?

"So, shall we go out first?" He was trying to find other excuses to find the men's room without leaving me alone. Of course, he won't say that he didn't find the toilet and make everyone feel that he is not even as good as a kindergarten child.

I have to admit that if I were him, I would probably do the same thing.

"Of course, why not?" I need to help him without being aware of it.

When he walked with me, the situation became worse. He almost twisted his legs and walked forward, slower than me. His hands moved about uncomfortably.

Although I'm not him, I can imagine the difficulty of holding his urine until now: he needs to try his best to find a men's room to quickly solve the problem, he also needs to stretch his bladder with mental strength so that he won't explode, and he also needs to appear normal in front of the girls. This is almost a kind of spiritual "lingchi".

I still couldn't help asking him, "what's up?"

He seemed to muster up a lot of courage before saying, "do you know where there is a toilet?" Just as a friend of the opposite sex, his problems are good for him. But how embarrassed he would be if he were dating.

"Why not go back to the teaching building and go to the bathroom?"

"... well... Isn't there only a ladies' room?"

He did go in the wrong direction, but now it seems inappropriate for me to remind him again.

"There should be a public toilet in the supermarket over there, but..." He didn't even listen to me and hurried to the supermarket.

When he got there, he realized what I hadn't finished: it was a simple public toilet with only one seat, and there were about 10 girls in line in front of him.

I don't know whether this is a global problem or a regional problem. Many female sex groups don't have enough toilets for them to use. This problem has been improved a lot in the modern feminist movement. For example, when necessary, girls can temporarily "occupy" the men's toilet to alleviate the problem. For example, a girl can keep her boyfriend away from other men at the door so that she can have a place to pee. But until now, these problems still exist: as I described earlier.

The girls in line do not appear to be in urgent need of urination. Irrational people will deliberately show their embarrassment unless you are a lover in this field. The girls just looked at their cell phones and stood silently in the queue. His entry was clearly out of place. And... He can't stand it for so long.

He completely lost the image he had maintained in front of me. His legs were twisted together and he half bent down to make his penis shape less prominent in front of the public.

"Is there any other toilet here? Men's room? I can't hold it."

The tone of shyness completely changed to that of anxiety. From last night to now, boys seem to be able to hold on longer, but that doesn't mean they don't need to urinate.

There are three choices in front of him: I know that there is a hidden forest in the school, and he can go there to solve it, or I know a deserted area with a small number of people, or he can directly ask these girls to let him use the toilet first.

The last one seemed impossible, because a girl who needed to urinate begged him and successfully stood in front of him. It would be impolite to ask for his position again now.

Because peeing in the woods is also considered as peeing in public. Once found, it will be like deliberately breaking into the women's toilet. He finally chose to go to the abandoned area to find the toilet, which is not far away.

But when he really felt there, he was completely desperate: the little man sign in the men's room had long been changed to the women's room. There are only two women's toilets and no men's toilets.

I went to the other side to pee. Of course, I can go to this side as well.

The door opened eagerly, then it seemed that he lost his voice, and finally the continuous sound of running water hit the tiles and the pool. Until I came out, the sound of running water on the other side was still on and off.

He came out slowly after two minutes and sighed.

"So did you make it?"

"Sort of."

"Then I also need..." of course, I lied, not only to show that his urination was not embarrassing, but also to verify what just happened.

His wet underwear in the garbage can, the small pool on the ground and the wall... He just rushed into the toilet compartment and took off his pants in a hurry, but he didn't have time to take off his underwear. But the inner relaxation made the "water valve" of his lower body completely open. The urine hits the underpants. He tried to take off his pants, but his underwear was completely wet.

He tried to ignore what had happened, but the movement of his lower body was too obvious without his underwear.

After that, I suddenly realized that although I was a lesbian, I also had some interest in the face of boys holding their urine and urinating. Maybe I will have a chance to see more stories like today, in an environment like our school.

###

So this is just one of the many stories I want to tell. If you really like it and want to hear more stories, please leave a message below. I will decide whether to update new stories, boys or girls, according to everyone's response and my own time.

