THE RASHI-VIRUS

Author: desperate87

*000*2022-02-24 10:37

Hello everyone, i'm new to this forum. I want to share with you a story i wrote with an omorashi theme. Unfortunately i write only about male omorashi, because that's what i like, but if anyone likes the ideas of my story they can write a version with female protagonists. I translated it with google translate,i hope it came out well. I don't know if you will like it, but i had a lot of fun imagining and writing it.

Hoping you like it, i publish it. There may be sequels, suggestion are greatly appreciated. Thank you.

THE RASHI-VIRUS

INTRO

"It's amazing what science can do," said Ivan when he finished the experiments on his latest invention. Ivan is a 32-year-old doctor-scientist who has always been passionate about microbiology. He just managed to create a new type of virus in the lab. Not a virus that hurts, but one that is good for health, despite a particular effect that is not exactly unwanted. After years of study he can finally say that he created the rashi-virus, from one of his passions: omorashi and wetting.

This particular micro-organism has the ability to fully and not excessively hydrate the body with which it enters into contract and also feeds on toxic substances inside the organism. To do this, the production of urine increases very quickly in order to gather them all inside the bladder which must then be completely full until it explodes. Only if the person has an involuntary loss gets rid of the virus that is eliminated together with the urine, in fact if you can reach the bathroom before the inevitable accident, the virus waits for the person to fall asleep and keeping the infected person active. he can wake up only when the bladder is released, this is because when the bladder is full the virus gathers the harmful substances and makes them come out with urination. The infected subjects are then all much better in health, even healing from some diseases and with hydration there is also a general improvement of the whole body.

Furthermore, urinating becomes much more pleasant and there is no longer any damage to be held back for too long, on the contrary a barrier is created that helps keep the bladder functioning, especially making it always full. The virus creates absolutely no damage to the organs and as a long-term effect those who come into contact with it begin to drink much more than before and to feel an unconscious desire to repeat the experience. The problem is that when the individual begins to manifest an intense desire to pee he becomes highly contagious and releases particles into the air that infect all the neighbors present. However, it cannot create a pandemic as it is outdoors, after it is not known how many subjects, it loses its viral load and no longer infects, but not indoors. It only works on men because it is created bases on male anatomy. Those who are infected with it find themselves inexorably somehow with wet underwear and can always be recontacted.

Ivan is really proud of his work and has already tested it on several people, but he wanted to see the effects in public places. Once he had tried it unintentionally on himself and consequently also on some friends who that evening went out with him and slept in the same room. He kept the virus in a special handkerchief created to carry the virus and accidentally rubbed it on himself. He realized when after 25 minutes he felt his bladder was about to burst, he was in the park, tried several times to separate from the group, but in the end he had to admit his need with enormous shame and went behind a bush then made a long and heavenly piss.

Indeed, he must have infected one of his companions, because returning home he was struggling to walk and started screaming that he absolutely had to go to the bathroom. He got to the restroom just in time and you could hear the sound of his urine and even the sounds of him as he freed himself. Ivan thought he had been saved and instead discovered an effect they had not reported to him, probably out of shame. He was seized by a strong tiredness and after that also all his friends of him, who in the meantime had all gone to the bathroom, were seized by a great drowsiness.

They put on their colorful pajamas (they liked it that way) and fell asleep within a quarter of an hour. But Ivan did not have a peaceful sleep at all, on the contrary he dreamed of looking for a toilet with the utmost urgency, but he could not find it. It was all very clear and he felt his urge to grow by the second, until after an hour of searching he saw a light and ran towards it, he could feel the pea that was about to give his piss. 

Suddenly he opened his eyes, he was very worried, he could not move and felt only a strong pain between his legs. A splash of urine escaped him and then he felt that he was about to give up everything. He tried to resist with all his strength, but then without realizing it he relaxed and started pissing without realizing what he was doing. He felt great, his groin became hot and he felt his belly empty along with that liquid. The sheets were getting wet and he felt the heat on her butt and up her back. He groaned in relief and freed himself completely.

At the last few drops, he touched his underpants and ... oh no, what he had done. He sat up and was scared to see what he had done, yet with him, her underwear and his pajamas were full of piss and so were the sheets. A huge stain was under him, he had just wet the bed. He looked straight ahead, a friend of his was with a shocked face, he couldn't believe it. The soft light allowed you to see a large stain on his red pajamas realizing that he too had just pissed on himself, with a mixture of embarrassment they both realized what had happened and strangely enough the pleasure felt before and something psychological not well defined there. made him smile. 

His other 3 friends were still sleeping, but they were visibly desperate, yet despite all the noise they couldn't wake up, they were trapped. Ivan watched with enormous pleasure as all three awakened releasing their fluids. He saw the various stains grow and their faces took with pleasure, and he was there to witness what had happened and to remove the covers to show everyone how they had just pissed in bed. With embarrassment, they later took her to laugh and wondered how it was possible that it had happened to all 5, only Ivan knew why. Later he noticed that all of his friends had started drinking more and thought less and less about the bathroom. 

Not even a week passed before he saw them all get it on him in some particular situation and he also discovered that even those who were infected by making it immediately on him within a week for a residue of the virus would also have made it under the bed. Seeing his friends, happy to have discovered a new passion, he wanted to try the virus in various environments. He wanted someone all over the world to be infected and he discovered this passion. He already imagined so many men, stars and singers getting it on without being able to stop.

But for now he knew where to start.

TRAVEL BY TRAIN

Luca is a 23-year-old student of the academy of fine arts. With a sporty body, little beard, green eyes, slightly disheveled short brown hair, he is one of the most beautiful boys in school. He loves to run and draw, he does very well in his school and has a lot of friends, as well as a lot of requests from girls. Dressed in long jeans with turn-ups, green boxers, sports shoes and a blue T-shirt, he sets off as every day towards the train that takes him home: a two-hour journey that he had been doing for years. tired, he greets his friends and as he is about to enter the small train of a single carriage (convenient because from anywhere you can see the whole train), he sees a giant sign at the entrance. "The toilets are temporarily out of order, and the train cannot stop at all. We apologize for the inconvenience." He had seen that sign for more than a month and despite some complaints, they still hadn't repaired the train's bathroom.

Luca takes the opportunity to go to the station toilets where he empties himself completely and then gets on the train. The seats are in no particular order and he chooses one in the center with only one seat in front. In the meantime, the conductor also arrives and warns everyone of the inconvenience, pointing out that the ticket had already been reduced for this. The passengers begin to board and Ivan also arrives who immediately notices the boy chosen for his experiment. In fact, thanks to his studies, Ivan knew that Luca, in addition to being beautiful, also has one of the largest and most resistant blisters that you can have. He knows that Luca is used to a quiet solo trip, but this time it will be a little different .......

Ivan had been following the boy for a while, and he saw him every day going to school each time with a different pair of trousers, he had imagined him more in desperate situations and really wanted to know if he would succeed in his intent. The passengers all board the train, on the other side 3 men in their 30s. Ivan does the math, there are 13 men and 8 women, perfect for his experiment. The trip takes two hours and ivan wants to know how long it takes for the virus to take effect. 

He had already put a spray in his nose as an antidote so that he doesn't get infected with it. The doors close and he pulls out what may look like a handkerchief, but is actually a colony of his rashi-viruses of him. Pretending to clean the chair he manages to throw some particles at Luca who, breathing them through his nose, becomes infected. A small blush on the little finger is the only visible sign of the infection and Ivan, seeing it appear on the boy, gives a pleased smile and begins to enjoy the show.

After a minute Luca is relaxed, silently looks out the window and doesn't know why he feels better and with more energy. The virus has started to hydrate it and is now circulating throughout the body. He has no idea what is going to happen to him like the whole train and he is also quite bored, all around him is a shouting and he does not want to think about anything. After three minutes the conductor passes and he gives him the tickets. 6 minutes pass and from this moment the bladder begins to fill. The virus has already hydrated him sufficiently, thanks to a special lens Ivan is able to see that his body is full of water as if he had drunk 2 liters of water, but well distributed without causing damage to the body, indeed helping it. However, all that excess begins to reach the kidneys and Luca perceives something strange but he doesn't quite understand what it is. The guys next to him speak loudly and he tries to think about something else

At 8 minutes he begins to feel a tiny urge to pee and understands the sensation he had. At 13 minutes this starts to grow "Strange, yet I haven't drunk, anyway ..." he thinks. At 17 minutes he feels like an itch in the pack and realizes that he has to officially pee, but he can hold it, yet the urge continues to grow and grow, but he still maintains a composed posture. He makes a small grimace that does not escape Ivan who continues to see his body even from the inside. He knows that the boy never drinks much and that he is very ashamed when he has to ask to go to the bathroom, but since then things would have changed for him. In fact, his bladder was filling up quickly as if he had drunk a lot and could not stop it.After 21 minutes he feels like at the end of school when he is 6 hours that he does not visit a bathroom, the desire is there but it is still negligible. It 'sa bit annoying, but nothing that, on the other hand he is an adult and he knows that he can handle.

After 23 minutes the stimulus is strong and Luca begins to worry. The situation starts to get complicated and he tries to think of something else, but he can't "Man, what a piss I have to do, as soon as I get home I'll have some for minutes. How come ??? it will still be this morning's cappuccino, better avoid it later " thinks. At 26 minutes he tries to think of something else, but his bladder continues to fill, now he feels it clearly in his stomach and closing his eyes he can imagine it. The pee makes itself felt and he finds it harder and harder not to think about it, he hopes that the stimulus stops growing but he does not know that it has just begun. At 30 minutes he realizes it's going to be a really long journey, his face turns red and he starts gritting his teeth. His breathing is more labored and he feels the first signs of despair "Oh my God I'm running away so much, why so quickly? What happens to me? I need a bath, how long am I traveling ..." he says to himself.

At 32 minutes he begins to look around, he knows that he does not have the possibility to expel his needs on the train, he had already heard the words of the conductor and is aware of the impossibility of stopping the carriage since it was almost the entire tunnel. He feels a sharp pain in his bladder and seriously begins to despair. His face is very worried and he's ticking his finger by the window. Ivan sees that his bladder is full, but he can still contain it by expanding, although he now does it more slowly in order to increase the despair and give the idea of holding it to the maximum. The guys nearby begin to notice him and talk to each other with a slight smile. The rashi-virus is meant to give maximum despair so that the bladder fills completely and Luca was trying it.

At 40 minutes his face is really anxious and he has started to move one leg continuously, he looks around, meeting Ivan's eyes in shame and is starting to get noticed. He struggles to maintain the same posture and puts his hands on his forehead several times. His leg doesn't stop and he feels really full. The guys next to him ask him if he is feeling well and he says yes, nothing serious. He tries to hide the fact that he needs a bath right away, but the urge has become very strong.

All of his muscles are in tension and he just thinks about holding back as much as he can. He would like to stay still, but he can't. "Oh my God, I still miss a lot more than an hour, ... why the fuck is the bathroom broken here ???, ah, I can't sit still, yet I have to keep it, I can ..., damn ... "he says to himself. He is too ashamed to be seen like this and then he decides to sit still for a few seconds. Bad idea! A very strong pain as if he were about to lose control takes him and instinctively puts both hands between the legs. His expression is hilarious and everyone looks at him while remaining silent. "When he runs away, run away" he hears one of the boys nearby laughing. He had never remembered a time when he was running away from him so much, but now it was getting really hard and the only thing he wanted was a toilet or something to get rid of. Luca still looks at the conductor hoping for some miracle, by now he had been discovered and calls him

"Excuse me, is there a bathroom? I have a really urgent need," he tells him.

"no sir, I'm sorry but the toilet is out of order and on this journey it is not possible to stop" replies this 36-year-old man with a thick beard

"Uh, ok" replies luca trying to keep a serious look. Ivan notes that his rashi virus has had the desired effect of bringing despair to such a level that all the neighbors notice it. Luca is visibly moving frantically and showing all the signs of one who is about to piss himself shortly. A Moroccan looks at him smiling and laughing loudly. "oh-oh somebody needs the potty here .." he yells at him out loud laughing. At 43 minutes Luca is very embarrassed, he moves continuously and starts making strange noises His bladder is swelling and he is sending strong signals to his brain, his heart is beating fast and all his attention is on avoiding making a lake. The boy observes Ivan and the other passengers with embarrassment, but his fear of losing control is so great that he loses all inhibitions. At 50 minutes his hand slips several times over the pea and opens and closes his legs starting to sweat. "aH, I HAVE TO PISS" he says not so much under his breath.

"Oh my, I piss so much, I can't take it anymore I have to hold up or ... no it's not possible, it can't happen .... Oh God, God I have to pee, ohhhh .. How is it possible so quickly, at the beginning of the trip I didn't have to do anything, oh my God ... no "he thinks. Ivan is amazed by the effect he is having and everything goes according to plan, from dry bladder to full bladder in 50 minutes everything goes according to plan and he had been wanting to see this show for a long time. to make silence, he would like to do something, but he knows that there is nothing he can do, the train is too small and even going somewhere else they would all see it anyway.

The guys next to him are silent and look at Luca with embarrassment and they too begin to feel a strong stimulus in the meantime and start to have a rather serious face. The Moroccan is laughing loudly, on the train everyone is talking about him making fun of him, thinking that he had forgotten to use the toilet at the station. What they don't know, however, is that the boy has already become contagious and soon he would not be the only one in that situation. The little fingers of the three boys were already a little red which meant that Ivan could start counting.

At 55 minutes Luca is experiencing that feeling he never expected, that feeling of being on the verge of exploding, that feeling where you can't wait another minute before doing it and you absolutely have to reach a bathroom before putting it on yourself. And the situation is getting worse by the second making him more and more desperate. He feels his bladder fuller and fuller and his urge is very strong, he has never had so much desire to piss and he feels really trapped. His composure is gone and he is moving a lot, sometimes he gets up a little and hops, starts to cross his legs. He struggles to sit up and is seriously worried, his face is all red. Ivan finds himself in front of a boy who is really struggling to keep his pee and does not know how to behave and tries to pretend to ignore, but Luca is now so desperate that he almost doesn't notice him.

At 57 minutes his hands are both on his pea, he makes some weird noises and hears one of the guys nearby let slip a I have to pee. He looks at the time, there is still a lot of time left to arrive and tears come to his eyes "Oh no, no, it escapes me, it escapes me" he says aloud. He hears all giggles around him, but he doesn't care, his whole focus is on keeping his underpants dry. "Ohhhhh, I absolutely have to piss, I can't take it one more hour come on ...

At 60 minutes he's not so sure his green panties are dry, but they still are. Yet he starts to feel strong pangs that always become stronger, he writhes and with each pang he kneels a little. He thinks it is impossible for him to be in that state and yet there is nothing he can do to stop him, apart from continuing to hold his pee with all his strength. still around, there is no place where he can piss, even if he had done so besides the shame of being seen by everyone he would have wet some of the passengers who would have immediately removed him. He must absolutely keep it, there is not even a bottle or something, all the suitcases are in another place. "Oh my mom, I run away, run away ..... no, no ..... ah" keep thinking.

At 65 minutes his worst nightmare begins to come true, despite all his effort and willpower he perceives on the tip of his dick the piss that is breaking through the barriers and realizes that a tiny drop had just come out in an uncontrolled way crashing on the his boxers. He thinks he's the only one who knows, but he knows that on his underwear you can already see it and in fact ivan clearly sees that little spot together with his face shocked by what happened. "Oh my God it's not possible I'm doing it underneath no, no ...." it is said. He gets really excited realizing the situation and starts crossing and uncrossing his legs.

"Excuse me, but I miss a lot" he says to ivan hoping that he understands the fact. "Quiet I understand, it's nature. I too found myself in his situation" he replies. But luca is too focused on himself to pay attention and feels strong pangs. At 68 minutes he feels a very strong pain, opens his eyes completely and feels the vescia compress, he bites his lip, crosses his legs and puts both hands between his legs. He feels one of the strongest sensations he has ever experienced. 

The piss looked like he was about to come out taking a run and giving him an immediate impression that he was about to start pissing. He focuses all his attention on the pea trying to block the exit and makes loud noises. It all lasts 24 seconds, but Luca manages to stop the inevitable while continuing to move. He now he keeps saying oh no, no out loud. The Moroccan looks at him amused and teases him, the conductor doesn't know what to do and the boys look at him in shock, laughing less. On the train there is a strange air and everyone realizes the boy's situation, but Ivan knows that more people need to urinate.

At 70 minutes Luca feels a sudden twinge and a small squirt escapes him, followed by a strong AH. Part of his boxers are wet and you can see a small patch on the front of his jeans. Luca is in a panic, he looks at Ivan with a shocked look realizing that he had noticed the small loss of him very visible up close. He had never had such a thing before and his urge continued to grow. By now he was feeling pain in his belly and he realized that he was more and more exhausted. He writhes in a very comical way and the Moroccan laughs making fun of him.

At 71 minutes it is great to see him with that speck on his jeans squeezing his legs and biting his lips. "Oh, I can't do it anymore, oh god ..." he says softly. His breathing is labored. At 72 minutes he has the imminent sensation of pissing, he feels weaker and realizes that he is almost at the limit. He has tears in his eyes and his movements become slower. He struggles with everything, he just tries to hold her, but it's becoming impossible. Every second that he passes the urge becomes more and more irresistible and he can only make it stop in one way.

At 73 minutes he feels he is about to explode. He is still sitting but in a strange position, he struggles to move and feels a very strong pressure on his bladder and then moves towards the tip of his cock. Luca realizes that he is about to lose control. He focuses all his strength to stop the pissing, but this time he's too strong and realizes he can't. He had never needed to piss so badly and never would have imagined this on a train. He starts to whisper in a whiny tone Oh no, no, no, then louder and louder and everyone hears it.

He feels the bladder compress and all the liquid inside rushing towards the exit, his gaze shows all the shock he feels. He warns his cock very well that he is about to start peeing and realizes that there is nothing he can do about it. "Oh fuck no, no, no" he yells as he hugs his seat. A splash escapes him, but then he manages to block the flow, but the urge and he comes back even stronger and he had never perceived so clearly his need to urinate. Luca jumps seated and shouts making himself heard "No, no,nooooo ... AHHH"

At 75 minutes Luca realizes that the stimulus is irresistible and he gets another very strong pain that he tries with all his strength to block, but this time the pee completely breaks the dam and a very strong jet leaves him. The pee comes out uncontrolled, he tries to stop it once but fails. He is pissing and pissing himself. His jeans visibly start to get wet making the accident evident to everyone. The pee descends and bounces completely on the genitals and then also wets his butt. A trickle of pee descends from the seat creating a huge pool under him, the sound is perceptible to all. The trickle flows for the train and Luca can no longer stop. He is ecstatic, he has a big smile and is taking pleasure. The virus in fact stimulated the best possible release by stimulating the pleasure centers so that we were completely empty.

"Ahhh .. yes that's nice, ah finally" he says to himself as he releases everything. Unexpectedly he feels great and is really enjoying his accident. His piss lasts almost a minute and only at the end he realizes that everyone had just seen him piss on himself. His jeans are soaked, particularly on the back, but he has a huge patch in front of him. Everyone looks at him in shock and the conductor tries to get a towel to repair the accident. "I pissed on myself" he says aloud, albeit with shame he can't help but acknowledge to himself that the feeling was beautiful and he wants already try it again, besides he is also thirsty. Luca is embarrassed, but also relaxed as the virus after the release left a feeling of peace that made us think that it is all natural and it can happen to anyone, as in fact it was about to happen

IN THE TRAIN PART TWO

Ivan is on a train in front of a boy who has just pissed on himself, it doesn't seem true that his dream has just arrived, he had had so many fantasies. Luca, although embarrassed, is so well after the pleasure and the proven release that he is not so ashamed and even manages not to give a damn about some laughs around him. Of course there will be those who will have to clean up, but the rashi-virus has put him in a psychological state that makes him seem completely normal and he already wants to relive the experience, but this time not alone.

As Ivan already knew he would start to hydrate a lot and soon it would happen again, and within the week he would also wet the bed. Luca does not know yet, but he has become a fan of wetting and now he hopes that others have his same destiny as well and he wants to see them. He says to himself that, on the other hand, it is something that can happen to anyone and looking at the boys next to him he immediately understood that all three had a certain need.

The man sitting behind him, who will be about 45 years old, gets up and with a trembling voice urgently asks the conductor if there is no toilet, visibly in need of releasing his bladder. He has the same answer that the poor boy had a little while before, now with soaked jeans and he sits down with a worried look putting a T-shirt over his legs. The Moroccan is still laughing and the conductor scolds him, Ivan notices that the conductor has a red little finger and with his voice he has also infected the Moroccan whose white underpants can be seen.

Suddenly ivan, he feels a strange stimulus in his stomach, "Oh no, it's not possible, it can't be true" he thinks scared. He actually wanted it and he knows that everyone subconsciously wants to try what happened to Luca. The scientist thus discovers that his antidote does not work and now his little finger is also red and he begins to feel a swollen bladder. He did not foresee this and hopes that with him the rashi virus will not have an effect, but looking at the man from before who is now hopping to his feet and cannot sit still, he prepares for a longer journey than expected. The sound of water on the floor makes everyone notice that that gentleman's beige trousers are no longer intact and that something strange is happening on that car. The conductor is shocked, two people have just made it to himself and Ivan hears someone saying "I have to pee" next to him. Meanwhile, a voice announces that the train is 30 minutes late.

###

Gabriele is with his 2 working employees ready to carry out the profession of bricklayer as every day and was infected 35 minutes ago. Like everyone else, he has a mixture of laughter and embarrassment at seeing a guy next to him having it under his belt, but now in his suit with blue pants, he realizes that he really needs a bathroom most urgently. He immediately thought it was a simple thing, but as time went by he realized he had to take a colossal piss. "ahhh .... I have to piss ...." he lets out under his breath, but his employees hear it and look at each other worried. He had expressed the need for him almost without realizing it driven by the urgency and to his surprise he discovered that his employees are in the same situation, if not worse.

As soon as this was said, all three immediately set out to express, without worrying about being heard by the neighbors, their strong stimulus with false smiles and strange movements. Gabriele did not remember the last time he had to piss like this and he does not understand why, among other things he does not understand how everyone had a similar need, but his goal now is to avoid reducing himself like the two close people to them. In front of him Mattia is silent, but he has a hand between his legs and is ticking with his hands. Samuele is angry and continues to say "Oh my God I have to piss" in a very vulgar way and with an increasingly serious tone.

As boss Gabriele cannot afford an accident in front of his employees, but his stimulus is growing fearfully and is put to the test. He calls the conductor and angrily asks why there is no toilet, which is a duty of the railways. and he begins to loudly insult the state and the railway company for not solving the problem. Meanwhile, his stimulus grows, again and again and he can no longer hide it starting to look around for something that can help him, but with some ladies on the train he can't do what he wants.

Samuele, however, is worse off than him and is jumping in front of him with almost tears in his eyes, whispering words that are difficult to understand to himself. He has never seen him so desperate, but at the same time with him astonishment of him he had never hoped so much that he would get under it. Luca looks at the with a frightened air it is not clear why. In the meantime, Mattia moves a leg quickly and lets it slip away with shame that he too has to piss immediately and he's not there anymore. "Guys, please, I'm not here anymore, I absolutely have to piss ..." he says to everyone.

In other places the 3 men would have looked for a place even outdoors, but on that train with women it is not possible and the only thing they can do is hold her up to the station. Suddenly Samuele realizing the situation starts yelling all kinds of insults against the train as if it could calm his bladder to the limit. "Damn, how come there isn't a bathroom here, I'm ... oh no, no" he yells. In the height of his desperation he falls from his seat and finds himself kneeling on the floor with his legs tight. We see that he tries to hold onto the waterfall that is about to free itself with all his strength, but on the front of his green overalls there is a huge wet spot that grows out of all proportion.

Her signature blue underpants go dark and a very visible trickle falls from the suit to the floor. Luca enjoys the scene with pleasure and is really satisfied that he is not the only one, he looks around and sees an Ivan who begins to feel a strong stimulus, two men who have just realized that they have pissed on each other and two others who are about to do so. . Ivan is also very happy and looks at Mattia who is now saying openly that he is no longer there, with a face that expresses all the effort he is making. Gabriele watches him squirm and sees a stain on his dirty gray jeans. Mattia is trying hard, but he too can do nothing against the rashi virus and at 29 after a long battle with himself he feels his place on the train getting wet with his own urine.

The feeling he feels is magical, and his gaze is one of joy when it happens to him. Meanwhile Gabriele feels his stimulus to grow more and more and become irresistible. He can't get it on in front of his employees, it would be his honor to him, he doesn't want to but the stimulus is too enormous and the train is stopped in the meantime. 

"Oh my God, I can't give in, please, no ... no ...." he says to himself. He starts to sweat and loses all demeanor moving his whole body faster and faster. His employees look at him, but he can't help himself and to avoid the disaster opens and closes his legs. With a really desperate look he doesn't want to accept the fact. He's only holding her for 50 minutes, but it feels like hours. How is it possible that he is happening to so many, including me? he wonders.

But his questions do not take away the urge from him which is getting stronger and stronger. His gray boxers still look intact, but he doesn't know for how long. With both hands on the package he starts to jump and unwittingly stands up to be noticed by everyone, while he moves as if he were doing a strange dance. He continually spreads his legs, can't sit still, blows quickly and puts his hands on his front often .. He's really funny as he has lost all demeanor, saying aloud oh no.

The tone of his voice increases more and more and by now his employees could say that they saw him on the verge of having it underneath. Gabriele is really bursting and feels his bladder sending more signals that he intends to empty wherever he is. "oh no, I'm pissing under, not ....... oh .... help, come on, come on ......... I have to do ...... ah" are just some of the his thoughts running through his head, but in the end with a terrified face and a strong heart that realizes he is at the limit. A pang as strong as a fist forces him to stand with his legs crossed and with his fists closed making his pack press on his pants from which you can clearly see the exact point of his penis from which a huge squirt escapes.

He does not think it possible that there is a stain on his boxers and tries to take one more step, but in the same position his penis gives the piss and he lets himself go with an evident pleasure that leaks from his whole body. He feels the piss come out of his penis, make all his private parts warm and wet his boxers, then run down both legs and fill his shoes too. 

Everyone watches him piss seeing the point from which the long pee that he is doing flows and that he is unable to stop. He has one of the best feelings in his life and finished with embarrassment he looks down and realizes what he has just done. He looks at his shocked employees and after a while of silence tells them "we pissed under", noting that everyone is now in the same situation and they find it natural. Everyone burst into laughter, including Luca and the other man in his 45s. Then everyone looks at Ivan with a sadistic look, who in the meantime is really desperate, and they enjoy the scene of him but also of the others.

###

After 50 minutes the rashi virus took effect men and now he can't help but smile and comment out loud. Meanwhile, even the Moroccan no longer speaks and the conductor also runs most of the train, only two people are then infected later. A few seats ahead Alberto had laughed with his girlfriend, when Luca had made it to himself and now he was seeing on his side two Chinese tourists in their 40s who cannot speak Italian, but are making unequivocal gestures to the conductor to ask where is a toilet, but this is hopping almost like them and walking away ignoring them.

His girlfriend laughs a lot while the two in an attempt to find a bathroom on the train wet their beige shorts almost at the same instant and return to sit down with an embarrassed look, but definitely more relaxed. But this time Alberto laughs less, he has already seen 7 men get it under her and he feels her bladder swollen. He finds it strange that all men have the same need and thinks: "How much do I have to piss ... damn, my girlfriend doesn't have to know, what would I look like, but I really have to go to the toilet right now, oh well I'll try to think of something else , I am not like these who are not even able to wait to get off here ".

Ivan notices the boy, a beautiful 31 year old tattoo artist, with green hair and a punk cut, very muscular and thanks to his technology he also sees that he has a huge cock. He knows he would soon regret putting on those ripped denim shorts and tight red panties. Alberto had always checked very meticulously every time he drank to avoid finding himself again like that time when at times he did not make himself in front of the whole class in high school, he had managed to save himself. Ivan immediately understood that this man would hold up with all his strength and wanted to follow him closely.

After 30 minutes of the infection and with still more than an hour of travel and no hope of a toilet he was not worried, but he was starting to feel irritated. He knows he has a strong resistance, but the more time passes the more he is put to the test. "It's true I have to piss, but it will pass, when I am in my office I will not think about it anymore" he thinks 10 minutes pass, but the stimulus does not pass, indeed it grows frighteningly from second to second. Now Alberto is struggling to hide the need for him, he starts to look serious and his girlfriend asks him "It's okay, it's not that ...."

"No no, all right I'm just ... er .. bored" he replies. But in reality Alberto is fighting against himself, by now his stimulus is giant and he starts to sweat. He tries to weave a conversation with her girlfriend, but in the end he can no longer follow her all her thoughts are inevitably focused on how urgent he is to pee. He can't ignore the swelling in his belly and has to keep a composed attitude with a big discrepancy between how he looks at him and how he feels. In silence and with a look that says it all, he looks at his pants.

"Oh no, he's running away from me too ..... and a lot ..... since it hadn't happened to me ... what's going on on this train," he thinks. Just then he feels that the train is late and after a few minutes it stops. At the stop his heart starts beating a lot, his gaze becomes worried, he feels like never before how much piss there is in his urinary tract and this gives him a little jolt that almost makes him feel like he's going to have it. on. Instinctively a hand slips between his legs, which he immediately tries to hide.

"Isn't it that someone here also needs a potty?" the girl asks about him. The silence and the worried look gave him the answer and standing there under a tunnel in a train Alberto felt his desperation double realizing that he was seriously in trouble. "Oh no, go on damn train, I absolutely have to piss, man ..... how much do I have to piss" he says to himself. But the train does not move and the situation is becoming more and more serious, he continues to think about where the bathroom is in the station, he knows that he has to run as soon as he gets off, but when he gets off he cannot know. He is fidgeting and showing all the signs of not being around anymore, but he keeps telling everyone that he doesn't need a bathroom. Before he made fun of the others and now everyone is looking at him laughing because it is clear that he is going to get it on.

He crosses his legs hoping to find comfort, but the situation gets worse. He looks around and sees that many have wet pants, but he doesn't want to shrink like that, he can't, not there with his girlfriend in front of others, he considers it forbidden and humiliating. From the train he hears psss, sees Gabriele lose control and begins to fidget. He has been holding it for 60 minutes and the station bathroom remains a mirage, the train remains stationary- He closes his eyes and without realizing it whispers "go on, go on"

His girlfriend observes her boyfriend visibly desperate and takes a lot of pleasure. Alberto jumps on the seat, often puts his hands between his legs, has strong pangs, his tattoos seem to take on almost anotherI wait, but he keeps saying he mustn't pee. His thoughts, however, at this moment are: "Oddioooo, because we are still standing, .... I can't, damn, ....... I'm 31 years old it's not possible, I have to keep it ... ahhhh, it's there near miss, ...... oh no ..... again .... hghghghg ...... how much I would like now the toilet of my studio ... no ..... because I'm not train go on .... go oniii .... no, no ..... "Meanwhile his urge grows and he feels his bladder more and more swollen and weak, his breathing becomes labored and several times he thinks he is on the point of giving in, maintaining a serious attitude becomes almost impossible.

After 75 minutes that he has been infected by the rashi virus Alberto realizes that the train has left, but his bladder is no longer there and he just imagines his toilet with him pissing in front of it. He feels the piss concentrate on the tip of his big penis pressing hard to come out, he tries with all his might to stop, closes his eyes and then his bladder explodes. Alberto imagines himself sitting on his toilet bowl only that he is dressed and the pee warms his private parts piercing his red underwear.

He lets himself go as if he were pissing in a toilet, enjoying it very much. His breathing calms down and a trickle of drool runs from his mouth. The girlfriend sees with amazement her boyfriend's piss coming out of her leg, her shorts change color and Alberto relaxes completely. His girlfriend laughs at her and tells him that she will blame him but he does not know why he takes her on laughing at her and says that he will also laugh at her and then he will laugh. The rashi virus was spreading really well.

###

Salvatore is the conductor, but after seeing half of the passengers insult him and have it under her ruining his whole train, he doesn't know what to do. The wagon would have been completely cleaned and he too is starting to feel a strong urge to urinate. Very hairy and with a thick beard, his 32-year-old gave him a Viking look. The train is delayed and in addition to a breakdown the female driver has just told him that he will have to stop for a while.

He had just explained what happened inside the train, but she laughed out loud listening to the stories of the poor men who were now in wet underwear, but Salvatore has been silent that it is 20 minutes that he too urgently needs a bathroom and not to realizing to her colleague that she was panicking she went into the wagon and started pacing back and forth. Everyone asked him something, but he tried to keep a composed attitude. He is at work in his uniform, on the other hand he is an officer and has a responsibility. The full bladder, however, is complicating his life and it is hard not to think about it.

At moments he thinks about making it in a bottle, but his colleague would have seen it. The growing stimulus reluctantly brings him back to the driver "How much is missing from arrival" he asks. At least 45 minutes "he replied." Damn "Salvatore let out with a posture and a frightened tone that immediately made him understand the reason for the question." You can't do otherwise, I know that the conductor will join the rest of the passengers too. Seeing your posture and your going back and forth you can see a mile away that you have to go to the bathroom. Can you keep it until you arrive? '' Replies the colleague.Salvatore imagine themselves for a moment in his wet uniform and scolded his colleague for even thinking about it, but he couldn't ignore what was happening.

To make matters worse, they call him and tell him that for a change they would have delayed another 10 minutes. His heart froze and he hoped so much he had heard wrong. Salvatore tried to exhort, anticipating that some passengers had done it and could sue him, and he almost let it slip that he too was really panicked, but he only had loud laughs and could not understand how such a thing was possible. At that moment the train stops and coming out of the cockpit he sees Alberto who is doing it underneath and shakes his legs. The sight of that pee makes it harder to hold onto him and he starts walking back and forth in the wagon avoiding sitting still. He seems a bit crazy to do this, also because the more time passes, the more his walk becomes funny and fast. He walks tight-legged and tries to avoid anyone who asks him for something, but sometimes he has to stop and talk to them and jump around showing all his urgent need for him.

After 25 minutes he knows he is not long before arrival, but he has been holding her for 45 minutes and is feeling really exhausted. He jumps and finds himself teased by the three boys who had previously insulted him, as he understood them now. The sweat runs and he struggles more and more to walk, he feels his bladder more and more swollen and he also feels closer and closer to the limit. His gaze is worried, his breath is heard ro and his fast pace starts to slow down. She is holding onto her thoughts of pure worry with all her might and is feeling all her pee perfectly. His legs start shaking and everyone looks at him, his hand slips several times between his legs and he feels that there is a small stain on his gray briefs.

He is so desperate that he no longer even hears what the others are saying to him and as he walks he dodges some of the passengers making strange noises. "ohhhhh ...... it escapes me ....... how long is it ????? ...... hmhmmm ...." he thinks walking but suddenly he had to stop moving and go on and back, it is now impossible for him to walk and he moves more and more slowly. With panic and trembling all his gaze becomes incredulous and terrified, while he feels a strong pressure between his legs that he tries to restrain with all his energy, but in the end he fails and starts pissing on himself.

A large stain grows on his beige pants and we see pee falling down his pants. Salvatore feels the pee wet his penis and go down between his hairy legs and a huge puddle forms under him With a big ahhhhh he lets himself go completely and at the end he touches his pants understanding what happened to him A conductor and a real man yes he was there at that moment with his underpants and his pants completely wet and he really is the perfect conductor of that train.

###

Said is perhaps the one who had made fun of everyone the most, but 20 minutes from the arrival he began to fear for his white underwear. For half an hour he has been feeling about to burst and is seriously worried about his reputation. His demeanor has completely disappeared and luca had seemed a composed boy in comparison to him. Working at the market he has always had excellent resistance and several times he had found himself in need of a toilet and had also seen many desperate people. Bragging about the fact that he has never made it to himself, he has always made fun of those who struggle to hold up, but he has always been a good guy who helps everyone and also volunteers on ambulances. With short brown hair, a small beard, blue eyes and a lean but slightly muscular physique today he is dressed in white briefs, light blue pants and a gray shirt.

After 10 minutes of the infection he had started to feel something strange, he had to piss, but he knew he could keep it. "I have to pee too, but I'm not going to reduce myself like that boy" he thought Yet the more time passed and made fun of others, the more his stimulus was growing. It wasn't long before he stopped talking and his face took on a worried air. His never having found himself in a truly desperate situation, did not allow him to hide the urgency of him who was now growing out of all proportion. Said now begins to feel the strong urge to piss and taps his finger on the edge of the window, his breathing becomes labored and he looks around for a solution.

"Oh, but how much is missing from the arrival ... now that I escape ... come on ... what a nuisance" he thinks. Meanwhile, his desperate face stands out and all around them are smiles and the first comments begin. "Oh oh, does anyone need a potty ???? pssss" says gabriele. Said turns red, at that sound he imagines himself peeing there and instinctively squeezes his legs tightly, making everyone understand that Gabriele is right. Everyone starts to psssss and tease him and Said understands what he had made everyone feel up to that point.

That sound is a real torture for him and with embarrassment Said begins to move frantically, often moving his legs. He doesn't want to be seen like that, but he doesn't want to risk having it on, he has a reputation to uphold. "oh no ... she has never escaped me so much, I can't take it anymore ... let's just hope we never see anyone here again" he thinks. His stimulus, however, continues to grow, the train starts again, but he can no longer sit still. He now he says aloud that he has to piss, he feels the overflowing bladder send strong signals, his penis struggles to keep everything and from sitting hops in place.

After 45 minutes he feels his white panties in serious danger and feels that the situation is becoming more serious than expected. He is no longer able to stay and sit and gets up moving a lot He is hopping opening and closing his legs very fast and he says aloud how strong his stimulus is. "Let me out, please I have to piss ... there is no more" he says to everyone, who now laugh and make him loud pss, pssss.

With his hands between his legs he starts running around the wagon and goes to the exit door by banging it hard but there are still at least 15 minutes left to arrive and for Said every second seems eternal and the more time passes, the more he realizes how much he has to piss. 

The girls look at him comically and his face is the best that pee despair can give. The reaction of the others seemed composed compared to that of Said who has now lost all attitude. His hands are both on his penis and he jumps, moving mainly his right leg. He makes strange noises and has tears in his eyes, meanwhile he has strong spasms that often make him assume the funniest positions. He knocks on the door, but it doesn't open and the station is still a long way off.

Meanwhile, he feels that the tip of his cock is about to open and he despairs more and more "NO, no, it can't be true ........ open up .... no ........ apritiiii ..... no ..... "he shouts loudly. It is shortly before te arrival, but Said is not there anymore, he feels that his body can no longer resist. His member tries to brake a very strong push, but it is too strong. With a lot of sweat, the boy feels all the nerves and a strong sensation in his penis makes him understand that he is about to give in. With a strange sound and a red face his cock leaks letting all the pee flow into his body. Said starts pissing in her panties and can no longer stop.

His white underpants become almost transparent and an unmistakable stain appears on his blue pants. He feels the pee wet his underwear and then run between his legs until it reaches his shoes. A small puddle forms beneath him and to his great shock that shines through his face, he realizes he made it into his pants for the first time as an adult. He relaxes and enjoys the sensation with the utmost pleasure and finished is seen in the reflection of the door with his pants wet with piss. He feels the liquid and the heat between his legs and with a lot of embarrassment he turns around making everyone see him. Said already wants to try it again at the market.

###

Meanwhile Ivan didn't want to admit it, but his antidote didn't work at all. The rashivirus worked great and even though he hadn't said it after his night accident that week he had started drinking so much that he had already done it twice, but not in public. Now he feels very desperate and realizes that he is at the limit: Luca and the 3 boys look at him laughing and saying "Oh, whoever has seen here can see you ........ pissed ..... pssssss" Ivan does not he can take it over and now in this way he makes friends with luca and the rest of the train, not imagining that he would be a victim of his own creation.

The sensations in public were much stronger than those he did alone for fun and he doesn't want to be seen by others in that desperate state, but he already knows what he would feel and that he wants to try again. The rashi virus, however, is made in such a way as to always give the impression of being able to defeat it by reaching a bathroom in time and Ivan is hoping for this. "No not here, man, something has gone wrong. Oh, oh ......" he thinks he. But after 58 minutes the scientist fails and like Luca wets his jeans in a mix of ecstasy and embarrassment. Now he can say that his invention works well and he who knows what he can do to the world. The virus has now infected the whole train and there are only 2 more businessmen at the beginning of the carriage with dry pants, but they too have red pinkies.

###

Lorenzo is a 28 year old man currently in a gray suit, while Luigi is 27 and is in a light blue suit. They are two important salesmen, always elegantly dressed. Very dedicated to work they know how to make themselves charming to people, in fact they are always well cared for and elegantly dressed with everything signed. Both brown and sporty, they live their youth to the full, always paying attention to their appearance. For about half an hour, however, both have lost their demeanor, needless to say why. "Oh I have to piss, come down, come on.", Are their current thoughts.

They were infected last but this does not mean they are spared with a better fate. They are both really worried, lorenzo already has a small stain on his blue boxers and Luigi is not so sure that his briefs are still dry. They make strange noises by moving their tongues and their eyes are highly embarrassed. There are still about five minutes left for the train to arrive, but. both are at the exit door with an evident hurry to get out and see the station from afar. Both of them are standing and hopping, they can't keep a leg still which they keep moving and they are sore. They really need and are expressing their desire to go down.

"Come on, move," they hear the other passengers say from them, who instead are just waiting for the girls to leave to change their pissed pants with those given by the conductor. Lorenzo grinds his teeth and counts the minutes, breathes heavily.Luigi has the most theatrical gaze and thinks of the shortest way to the toilet. Only a minute left. Lorenzo has both hands on the pack, he feels very strong pangs, he can't stop them. He just thinks about keeping, he doesn't want to give up so little from the victory but he can't move anymore.

The doors open and there are a few people outside. With his hands on the pea and half kneeling he goes down attracting attention, he tries to take two steps, but in front of everyone he pisses himself ruining his suit. A circle forms around him and everyone sees him flooding his pants. Lorenzo is ecstatic and finished with embarrassment without looking at the others back on the train. Luigi seeing the station begins to move his legs as if he were running, fidgeting more and more. He says "go, go, oh.-........" he feels weaker and weaker between his legs and fears he won't resist but he doesn't want to give up he is so close to the finish line.

As soon as the doors open with his hands between his legs so that anyone who understands him runs as fast as he can to the bathroom. He tries to go as fast as he can, he collides with someone and goes around halfway station with everyone who sees him. The run of him is with his legs apart with his hands often between them, he is very funny and chatters his teeth saying ah. Ah .. People smile when they see him, but he doesn't know that Luigi is infecting a lot of them. With a shocked look, Luigi happens what he thought impossible and he feels a warmth between his balls.

He just got a squirt, yes his panties are wet and you can see a small spot on his suit, he tries to stop, but continues to have other small regular leaks, which widen the stain. Even if he tries, he is no longer able to run and takes a few steps, but then he gives in and takes it all on himself in the middle of the station. He's ecstatic, everyone sees him but he doesn't care that much for now. Ivan had seen the times very well Paradoxically he is in a closed environment and infects the people who have stopped to look at him and who observe him some with embarrassment and some with smiles.

That would have been a day to remember for the railways, the rashi virus made 3 passes between people and who knows how many trains would have had a similar fate to the one where Luigi was now returning to change. He sees lorenzo in his own condition and the other men some with wet panties and some naked. Without thinking much about it, he too undresses showing his light green boxers by now dark .. Strangely no one feels real embarrassment now, on the contrary they are decidedly more relaxed and tell each other what they felt. Everyone goes out and buys a bottle of water, that would have been just the beginning of the next incidents ..

In about two and a half hours the rashi virus managed to make everyone present piss on him, and the next day Ivan read for the first time in the newspapers about his creation. While everyone was wondering how it was possible that in the day so many men had made it underneath on that train and also on the others at the same time starting to suspect something ivan known thanks to his tools that those men's bladders had strengthened forever and that holding back would no longer cause health problems, rather they would expel more toxins. With great joy Ivan is already thinking about the next place to test his virus ....

