Talibrations

Author: Duarg

*000*2018-07-28 23:50

Tal’Zorah sighed, lying in her bed aboard the Normandy. It had been another boring day for the crew, more boring space in a boring sector of a boring galaxy.

It was lazy days like this where Tali remembered how much she actually enjoyed being shot at. But for now, she was resigned to her fate aboard the Normandy. She tossed and turned in her bed, an uncomfortable feeling washing over her. Pulled from her thoughts, she realized her need to pee. Grumpily hoisting herself out of her bed, Tali made her way towards the elevator.

“Ms. Zora.”

Tali turned in surprise, watching as the EDI hologram came into view on her right.

“You are wanted in the conference room.” EDI droned. “Can it wait? I wan-”

“It has been classified as Urgent Ms. Zorah.” without another word, the hologram disappeared, leaving Tali alone in her room.

The Quarian sighed, cursing in her language before storming out of her room towards the conference room of the SR2, pushing her bladder towards the back of her mind.

“-llectors will likely be hiding around there, ready to ambush us.” said the familiar voice of Commander Shepard. Tali caught the tail end of a statement as she entered the room, waiting inside the room were 4 familiar faces. Shepard, Miranda, Garrus, and Mordin. They seemed to be discussing ‘tactics’ for combatting the Collectors and their hordes of paralyzing hornets. “Yes, but are we sure they wouldn’t come about from that area? That nebula would make a good spot for an ambushing ship.” chimed Miranda, with her trademark ‘Know-It-All’ attitude.

“I doubt it,” said Garrus “the Collectors have never really been challenged, they’ll be in plain sight, assuming we can’t hit ‘em hard enough.”

“She makes a good point. Collectors bold, but not stupid. Minimize casualties. Increase chances of total destruction, to enemy.” Mordin interjected.

“We’ll exercise caution about it, but we won’t go out of our way to…” began Shepard, but Tali had stopped listening. She decided she cared little for the tactical discussion, zoning out and allowing her mind to wander.

Why did they call me here if they were just going to ignore me? I am not a tactician, I just want to go pee….ugh, they’re still talking. Now I regret ignoring the waste disposal suit implant...oh...did they ask me something?

“Tali?” Shepard repeated. “What do you think?”

Tali blinked, unable to recall the topic of discussion. “Uh...sounds good, Shepard.”

Shepard nodded, and they began droning on about useless nothing once more.

“Shepard,” Tali interrupted. “May I be excused? It is clear you all have things….covered without me.” She gave a weak smile behind her mask, even if it was impossible for them to see, her bladder had not stopped seeking her attention, and she realized she couldn’t recall the last time she had gone number one.

“Oh no, Tali. We need you here, we’re about to discuss the required maintenance schedules for the engines, and some other items you’d be interested in.” Explained Shepard. “Greeeat. I’ll just...take a seat, then.” Tali sighed defeatedly, taking a seat at the conference table and crossing her legs tight, preparing for a long wait. She checked the time on her Omnitool. 1300.

Tali checked the time on her Omnitool, hot and bothered. 1545. “Ohhhhhhh oh. Oh look at the time! I must go...calibrate the engines and...and...a-and fix some coolant tubes.” Tali jumped to her feet, bobbing up and down and bending her knees slightly inwards to accomodate her throbbing bladder. The others looked at her and said their goodbyes. Tali hurried her way out of the conference room, giving a soft groan under her breathe.

95% of humanoid, mammalian species had a built-in timer for waste disposal. Humans, Quarians, Batarians, Asari, and Salarians all averaged the same.

Every hour after the bladder fills at half capacity, the body sends a jolt to the brain, informing it that it must be released. The need sticks for 15 minutes or so every time this happens, until the 5th hour above 50%. Then, the need does NOT go away, and it clocks in at about 80 to 85% full. Tali’Zorah has reached her 7th hour above 50% full.

“Ohhh nonono…” whimpered the Quarian. She had arrived at the bathrooms, hands on the uppermost point of her thighs, rubbing them, and her legs pushed together tightly. She bit her lower lip and a shudder overtook her. She read a sign taped to the bathroom airlock aloud. “Due to the main sewage pipe being backed up from an incident involving a crewmember, and the mess sergeant’s cooking, all bathrooms are out of order, and locked until further notice. If you are in need, please use the...auxiliary bathrooms? Located in the...engine room, to the left and up the...flight of s-stairs…” Tali shook with fear and frustration as she read the last word aloud, she could barely walk, let alone climb steps in her state. She gave a loud, heavy sigh, her lower lip quivering.

Suddenly, a rush of desperate need blitzed toward Tali’s bladder, with force unseen by human eyes.

Tali gave a loud gasp, cramming both her hands into her crotch, gripping her fingers around the part of her suit covering her vulva as tight as she could manage. With a croaking whimper, Tali dropped to her knees, tightening her body as much as she could manage. ‘drip.’ she felt a small, tiny stream led by a single drop of urine flow out of her urethra, and into the soft, inner material of her suit. Tali whole-heartedly regretted having never worn underwear. Tali began to shake, feeling the wave of desperation slowly churn its way back, leaving nothing but the ordinary dull desperation that endlessly thumped against her bladder muscles.

She gave a short sigh, standing back on her feet and beginning a half-hearted waddle towards the elevator, keeping her fingers tightly wrapped around her vagina as she hobbled along.

Tali pressed the button in the elevator as hard as she could, angry at the universe for what it’s done to her. She slowly removed her hands from her groin, keeping them pressed against her thighs in order to try and ease the desperation.

The elevator lurched downwards, and Tali shot her hands back into her crotch, bending at the waist, sending her plump rear skyward as she felt the mass of liquid slosh around and slap against her bladder walls. She felt another soft, almost steady trickle seep into the material of her suit, as a small leak pushed its way out of her, cutting itself off shortly after. As the elevator came to a halt, Tali slowly stood upright, and removed her hands, making a half-hearted shuffle into the abandoned engineering department. She turned left, then eyed the stairs.

Tali felt a horrible gut feeling, not her bladder, but her instincts. She whispered to herself. “I-I may not make it up these s-stairs…” she gave a heavy gulp and shuffled her way towards the base of the stairs.

Tali with both hands crammed in her groin bent over slightly, then stood upright. In an act of tremendous courage, Tali’Zorah vas Normandy took a step up and forwards, as her foot raised and lowered, landing on the step, a small spurt escaped the Quarian, and she gave a whimper of discomfort as her suit material was dampened a third time, at this point she could now feel as the urine cooled in its stain on her suit. Slowly, the Quarian took another step, and felt another spurt, this time it was hard, and she heard it patter against the material, just above the hum of equipment surrounding her, she now felt a warm spot just directly under her vagina, as enough heat had been gathered to keep the small spot warm. Tali reckoned it was about the size of a golf ball now. Tali took a deep breathe, bending over and cursing low, she looked up. “That is….25 steps…” she said, in disbelief, counting the stairs in total.

Tali took a deep breathe, summoning up all the courage in her desperate body. She bent over and gave a shudder, before beginning to ascend the steps at a more rapid pace, nearing a normal walk. Every step she felt another spurt, or another leak, and the pause inbetween. Her vagina was now wet, and not from arousal. Thankful for the water-proof outside material, Tali managed to reach the top of the steps, hands buried in her crotch, she pushed a finger against her vagina, prodding to asses the damage. It was now at the very least, the size of a softball in her suit’s wet spot, as she prodded, she could feel her urethra quivering in anticipation of releasing the fluids she had built inside of her.

Steeling herself once more, Tali shifted left, towards an airlock with a piece of paper taped over the door, with the words ‘Auxiliary Bathroom’ on them. Tali smiled in celebration, stumbling her way towards it. 20 paces. 15 paces. 10 paces. 5 paces. Tali reached the door, jamming her finger into the airlock button, then into her groin again, shutting her eyes and quickly entering the room in front of her, she hit the button again as she entered, then opened her eyes, trying to locate the nearest stall.

There were no stalls. The room was empty, save for a wall, a solid metal flooring, a security camera, and a console currently unattended, but with a piece of paper taped to it. From here, Tali could make out what was written on the paper. ‘You got pranked.’ Tali gave a horrified shudder, and a gasp. She felt tears well in her eyes as she dropped to her knees and gave a loud whimper.

Then, the flood came. It started slowly, at first, similar to the spurts Tali had felt before, but this one didn’t stop, even with her fingers clamped like a vise against her vagina, nothing short of a miracle could stop this. A soft, sharp hiss resounded through the room, and the pattering of urine against a soft material. Tali stood up, attempting to get her body to move, but she found she could not control the jelly her legs had become.

Warmth spread all throughout her lower body, the warmest point being the front of her pelvis, at the source. Hot urine flowed over and around her legs, teasing the globes of her rear as they passed under it, spreading to the back of her thighs. Tali felt the urine pooling in her boots, slowly rising towards her ankles. Then, she heard it, the sound of urine hitting metal. She had peed so much into the inner material of her suit, it saturated it, and seeped through into the outer material, and then saturated that, finding a home outside her suit, on the cold metal floor.

The warmth didn’t let up, but as it continued, Tali had come to the realization she was giving a shudder with each breathe. And had been giving one long groan of ecstasy and relief, it was practically orgasmic, the release of 7 and a half hours of urine, with still no signs of stopping. She began to salivate as the pleasure grew from her relief, this died, but not her stream.

1 minute or 2, Tali couldn’t tell, but she was still peeing, the hand portions of her suit had become soaked through conpletely, and she had long ago dropped them to her sides as they dripped urine.

Tali continued to pee, but it had begun to slow. The warmth had died down a little, beginning to grow cold. Tali gave a whimper, her bladder muscles sore and overworked. Even as her stream died, urine flowed through and out of her suit. Most prominently from her direct middle out, but some places at her knees and ankles still leaked urine onto the floor the puddle had grown massive, pooling around her feet, and it had even approached the airlock, threatening to dribble into the machinery if the doors opened.

Tali’s stream finally died, down to a few drops. Tali gave a long, loud groan, pushing her legs out and rubbing her tender vulva, which had grown incredibly sore over the day’s events. Now was the matter of cleaning up, and changing suits.

Tali exited the room, thankful nobody had been there to witness her humiliation. And even with the darkened pants of her suit,few might notice. As she entered the elevator, it occured to her.

The Security Camera.

