Family Trip

Author: Dazz

*000*2021-05-10 07:44

Hello Folks, I have been a bit of a lurker on here for a while now and finally decided to get involved.

This is one of the stories I posted on another forum, hope you enjoy

Prologue

Andy and his family have friends visiting from Australia, As they are staying near Edinburgh with Andy's Mum and Dad they decided to take them to see the Firth of Forth bridges and see some other sights.

Andy is a slim 18 year old red head, he is wearing designer jeans, a tight white t shirt which reveals the crown of a nice pubic bush when he raises his arms. An over confident teenager Andy never listens to the advice of his parents which will soon be his humiliating downfall.

The Story.

Roslyn Chapel

It was a fresh Autumnal morning in Stirling, the sun was out and there was barely a cloud in the sky. Andy had just woken up in his bedroom to the sound of the traffic on the street outside and the constant noise of footsteps outside his bedroom door. He stretched out in the bed, as most of us do in the morning, and threw the covers off him, stood up and checked himself out in the mirror. The vain 18 year old stood looking at his nude 18 year old body with his raging hard on pulsing in front of him, he grasped onto himself with a shudder as he suddenly realised his bladder was rather full.

He threw on some PJ shorts and raced out of his room down the landing towards the bathroom. Luckily it was free, as he fished his now soft dick out and let the flow commence he felt frustrated that he would have to go with his family on a trip instead of heading to town with his friends for their usual weekend ritual of chasing the local talent and attending the clubs later that night. He proceeded to then get a shower and prepare himself for the boredom of the day ahead.

Late morning and Andy went downstairs to his family to get some breakfast and was told he would be going in the second car to keep Josh, the friends eldest soon company in the back seat. Josh was not the most social of characters, he had been picked on by guys like Andy his whole life for being different. Josh was gay. Even though Josh did not like guys like Andy he loved how Andy looked and little did he know just how amazing his day was going to be.

Josh and Andy jumped into the back seat of the second of the 2 cars, Andy sitting behind Josh's Dad, a rather tall man who has the front seat back rather far resulting in the back seats being rather cramped for Andy. Josh sat behind Andy's Dad which would have been a better place for Andy but then again it was unlikely that they would be in the car for long as Andy knew the itinerary for the day.

First was a trip to Roslyn chapel, North of Edinburgh, then down to Queens ferry for a boat trip on the Forth around Lunch time, Followed by a run into Edinburgh itself for the castle, some shopping and dinner.

Josh: 'Good Morning'

Andy: 'Hey'

Josh: 'Thanks for coming in the car with me, I doubt I would enjoy man chat from the front seats'

Andy: 'yea?'

Josh: 'Yea its nice having someone my own age to chat to'

Andy rolled his eyes and simply put on his headphones completely ignoring Josh.

When Josh realised what Andy had done he just thought to himself 'great all the way from Australia to here, cold weather and a cold reception'

The trip eventually neared Roselynn chapel and the boys jumped out of the car, Andy felt a slight twinge in his bladder and not being one to be caught short decided to go and search for a restroom. Having a rather small bladder Andy was always looking for a restroom, never wanting to turn down the opportunity. Sadly in his search he found some public toilets that said they were closed for cleaning, this did not bother Andy much as he was sure he could go before they left. Whilst walking around the site Josh tried to strike up a conversation again.

Josh: 'Look Andy I know I am not the kind of guy you would usually be friendly with but I would like us to get along, it is great to have someone else my own age on these trips my parents go on'

Andy: 'Yea sure, sorry I was rude in the car, I was not looking forward to today'

Andy however had a guilty secret. He did not like guys like Josh because Andy had always been a little curious about having some fun with a guy.

Josh: 'so after this church where are we off to?'

Andy: 'Down to Queens ferry to go on a boat ride I think'

Josh: 'Awesome, I love trips on the water, something great about being on something fluid'

Just then Andy remembered his slightly forgotten need, it had been about 30mins since he couldn't get into the restroom and he was starting to feel the need.

Andy: 'I am just going to go and find the toilets'

Josh: 'Cool I really need to go too so I will come along'

Josh jokingly gave his crotch a squeeze which Andy saw, and boy did Andy see it, the bulge on Josh's chinos was huge, certainly compared to Andy anyway. Andy's inner confidence was good when it came to the size of his own dick but now he felt slightly threatened and a little aroused.

As the arrived in the toilets Andy went straight to the urinal, Josh pulled up along side him and fished his huge dick out. Andy couldn't help it, he looked down at Josh and immediately got hard, his foreskin retracted exposing his big purple head and Josh let out a squeal as he looked down and saw Andy get hard.

Andy was embarrassed and immediately put his average sized dick away, head still exposed and still hard as hell without having squeezed out so much as a drop.

Josh came back out of the toilets only to see Andy looking angry. Andy told him to tell no-one what happened or he would regret it.

Suddenly Andy remembered he had not been able to piss and was now feeling a dead weight in his bladder, not helped by him standing out in the cold crisp air. His Mum called over to them that they were going to Queens ferry and to get in the cars.

Andy was a little worried now. He knew it was not a long drive to Queens ferry and thought he could make it, even if only just but he certainly couldn't afford to appear weak now and so resigned to holding on.

Queensferry

As they arrived in the small area of Queensferry Andy was worried. He knew he could not hold on for long and was absolutely bursting, pinching at his dick was not an option as his foreskin was still retracted from earlier and the rubbing against his boxer briefs was not helping either. As they drove down the cobblestone streets towards the car park Andy had a moment of sheer horror. He saw a public toilets and the sight was enough to let a small spurt escape, immediately followed by a slightly longer one. He begged his Dad to stop the car so he could go to the toilet but his Dad just told him to grow up.

Andy had not mentioned his desperate state the entire trip in the car and his Dad simply didn't believe him. Josh however peered over and saw the little wet patch of Andy's jeans and mockingly asked if he was going to wet himself.

That question was enough to let another spurt escape. All Andy could think of was his dick was piss flowing out of it, he could mentally see the piss on his pubic hair and could feel it on his, now small. purple head. The wetness did however do one thing to help Andy, as he struggled to hold himself his foreskin flopped back over his head.

When the car came to a stop in the car park Andy jumped out. the public toilets were now too far away for Andy to make it, he was now dangerously close to losing control, he looked around for somewhere to go. He saw some steps leading down to the beach, the sound of the water and the cold air made him release another longer spurt. Andy now had a small wet patch about the size of a tennis ball to the right side of his jeans and a streak, stretching a couple of centimetres down from it. He proceeded down the steps and started to unzip but just then, Josh, who was enjoying the sight very much (wet himself in his underwear but for an entirely different reason) shouted to Andy that he cannot just pee in public. Andy head his Mum and Dad calling for him and he panicked. He put himself away but not before spurting more into his jeans.

He ran up to his parents asking where the toilets were but it was too late. As he was asking his parents he felt his legs get warm and heard the unmistakable hissing sound from his crotch.

Andy was now in full flow, his limp teenage cock powerless to resist the torrent flowing from him. His Dad simply apologised for not believing him earlier and told him that he had some of Andy's gear from football in the back of the car so that he could change. Andy walked back to the car to rummage for some chinos he left there last time he attended training as he travelled home in his kit.

As he rummaged, Josh how was now on the verge on blowing his load told Andy that was the hottest thing he had ever seen, Andy simply told him to leave him alone.

Andy walked the walk of shame back towards the public toilets. A fit young guy with a huge wet patch on his jeans being witnessed by everyone. He walked inside and felt someone grab his arm. Josh pulled him into the disabled toilets and locked the door.

Andy: 'what the f*ck are you doing?'

Josh: 'Just shut up and do as you are told'

Andy was pinned against the wall while Josh engaged, passionately kissing Andy's neck, whispering in his ear how hot he was, Andy had never been treated this way before and felt himself get hard in his sodden jeans and tight fitting boxer briefs. Josh proceeded to undo his own chinos but was a little caught up in the moment and Andy saw Josh get very wet around the tip of his huge cock, Josh was moaning and panting as he kissing Andy and reached down towards Andy's crotch, but it was all a little too much for Josh as he suddenly shot his load in his underwear, soon followed by Andy after he was tugged Andy a couple of times

Folks this is very much a first effort at story writing, it is not something I would say I was great at but its a fantasy I wanted to have written down so I hope you enjoyed it

*003*2021-05-11 10:04

{{10 hours ago, Alex62 said:

Amazing story!!

}}

Thanks, will do more in the future when I get time, I have 2 posted here so far

