A Leaky Situation (Rob Lucci fanfiction)

Author: DepresoEspreso

*000*2024-07-01 20:01

Chapter 1: Loss Of Control

A/N: Any italicized words are Lucci’s thoughts!

It was close to 4AM and the sun could barely be seen over the horizon as Lucci crept quietly through the woods. Honestly…who the hell thinks that a place like this is suitable for a home? Lucci thought to himself as he peered at a small dimly lit shack from behind a tree. He snuck closer and glimpsed through one of the windows, looking for anyone inside. He didn’t spot anyone so he opened the window and slipped inside, careful not to make any noise.

The target was close, but not here just yet, so Lucci decided to wait for them to arrive back home and ambush them. As he took in his surroundings, the first thing to catch his eye was a table across the room, with a glass terrarium on top of it. Upon closer inspection, it was filled with several small green and purple insects that seemed to sense Lucci’s approach and made their way over to the wall of the terrarium to greet him. Interesting…they seem to be intelligent. Do they want something from me? Lucci opened the top of the terrarium carefully, and gently picked up one of the insects. The moment he did so, a small yet noticeable stinger uncoiled and plunged itself into his palm.

He didn’t flinch or make any sound, this was barely anything compared to the pain he had experienced in the past. He simply crushed the bug in his fist and tossed it to the ground, glaring at the others quietly. Lucci suddenly heard the door quietly open behind him and he spun to face the target. He met the eyes of a short young boy, who looked to be about 16, carrying several of the terrarium bugs in a glass jar. At the sight of Lucci, he immediately froze, trembling in place.

“Y-you…you’re here to kill me, a-aren’t you…!? Well I’ve got news for you…y-you won’t get…the satisfaction!” The boy threw the glass jar on the ground, picked up one of the shards and plunged it into his chest, before collapsing on the floor. Lucci stared for a moment, a bit shocked by the target’s horribly weak will to live. “Well I suppose that makes my job much easier then…how amusing.” He grinned and moved to exit the house when he felt something.

A small jolt from his abdomen.

A quick burst of warmth from his crotch caused him to flinch, a slowly growing stain on the front of his suit. “Wh-what the hell!?” He heard a small laugh from behind him, and turned around to see the boy from before, standing up completely fine, now sporting a pair of insect-like wings and a stinger of his own. He was swaying side to side, as if he was off balance.

“I see…you must have been stung by one of my friends from the glass house…” The boy gestured towards the terrarium, housing the insects that had stung Lucci. “What are these things!? Who are you!? What the hell did you do to me!?” Lucci snapped at him, his pants now felt cold and wet. The boy gave an eerie, almost inhuman laugh. “These are my friends…my children…my creations…I took the bugs of the forest…and improved them…” Lucci’s leopard tail sprouted and started swishing from side to side in a display of anger and distress.

“I am…The Hive King…that is just a title…Hive is my name…and my friends are…The Hiveminds…” Lucci growled at Hive, who gave him a creepy grin, stepping towards him in an erratic, insectoid manner. He sprouted a second pair of arms that grabbed Lucci by the waist and cupped Lucci’s face in his hands using his original arms. “Hiveminds are relatively harmless…but they have…side effects…” The hands on Lucci’s waist began tracing his accident. “They can cause…loss of control…I’m happy witnessing this on such a…lovely specimen…” Lucci glared at Hive and pounced on him, pinning him down. Hive seemed unfazed and gave a creepy smile.

“Well how the hell do I reverse…this!?” Lucci gestured frantically at the wet stain on his pants. “You must wait…for a month at most…I cannot do anything…I have been under the effects for years…I would know this…” Hive looked around the room, seemingly bored despite his current situation. “As soon as any liquid reaches your bladder…it will be removed immediately…whether you like it or not…I will see you soon…Rob Lucci…” Hive wrapped his wings around Lucci and he was suddenly on the floor of his room, still wearing his stained suit. “What the hell…?” Lucci suddenly heard an all too familiar voice outside. “Heya Lucci! Back so soon? Can I come in? Doesn’t matter cuz’ I’m coming in anyways!” Kaku slammed the door open as Lucci ducked into his bed, hiding the obvious stain on his clothes under the covers. “Hey Kaku…” Kaku gave him a warm smile, and Lucci sighed, knowing that he wouldn’t be getting out of this anytime soon.

End of chapter 1

*002*2024-07-02 00:38

Glad you enjoyed it! I have more chapters planned for the future, and maybe I could do another fic where Hive infects other characters! I could make it a series, if people were interested. Not sure who else to do it to, or how to put them in the situation. Maybe Hive will unleash his bugs into the world and they’ll infect requested characters? Either way, I’m happy that you’re enjoying it so far.

*004*2024-07-02 02:13

{{51 minutes ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I'm excited to read my request.When you get around to it.I didn't read this one because I'm not into the The male desperation. I like female desperation.

}}

Yeah, I’ve started working on that one! It’ll probably be out in maybe a week or so!

*007*2024-07-21 22:52

{{On 7/20/2024 at 1:36 PM, Koumei said:

Continues?

}}

I’m working on it, I promise! I had a couple of things come up, but it’s going to be done soon.

SIDENOTE: The next chapter will be more focused on the piss aspect of the fic, and this one was more of a “setup” chapter.

*008*2024-07-23 18:11

Chapter 2: An Unwelcome Discovery

A/N: Quick trigger warning, so you can leave if any of the following makes you uncomfortable!

- Mildly sexual content (Erections but nothing worse than that)

- Mentions of male genitalia

- Cringe attempts at humor

“So, how was the mission?” Kaku stepped over to him and sat on the edge of Lucci’s bed. “I would assume it went well, since you're back already!” Lucci silently glared at him, gesturing towards the door of his room. “Get out.” Kaku gave him a look that was a mixture of confusion and sadness. “Uh…okay.” He silently exited, and Lucci sighed. He knew it wasn’t exactly the best way to get Kaku to leave him alone, but it was damn well effective, and he sure as hell wasn’t in the mood to be nice. He got up from under the covers, looking down at his formerly white suit, now tinted a light yellow.

He stood up and made his way over to the closet, slowly stripping off his CP0 suit, which now smelled of urine. He glanced over at Hattori’s perch in the corner of his room, and Hattori himself cooed in a way that resembled…laughter? “Hattori I swear to every deity in the universe, I am not above cutting the wings off my best friend.” Lucci slipped on his backup suit, which he had in case his old one got torn or broken. He certainly didn’t account for needing his spare suit for something like…this. He looked at his old suit on the floor, before activating his leopard form and shredding it completely. Any sign that he had…wet himself, god, even just thinking about that made him feel a small pang of…something. He couldn’t quite name the feeling, but it was…unfamiliar. It made him feel a fluttering sensation in his chest, almost as if he was nervous, but not quite? He would save that for later, he had to focus on the task at hand.

Following his original train of thought, any sign of…that happening to him was to be disposed of immediately. He would clean up the shreds later, but for now, he had a coworker to socialize with. He exited his room and immediately noticed Kaku leaning against the wall of the hallway, sulking. He didn’t acknowledge Lucci, instead opting to stare at the floor instead. Lucci had no idea how to begin, he wasn’t exactly very keen on apologizing. “Kaku. I’m uh…sorry. I was in a bad mood…” Kaku looked up at him, eyes full of curiosity. “Why?” “Because I had just…” Lucci paused. He had to come up with a somewhat believable excuse, delivering the real reason would be far too humiliating.

“I had just run out of missions for the day…and I uh…wanted to keep killing?” Please buy the excuse, please buy the excuse, please buy the excuse, please- “Oh! My bad, I thought you were mad at me! I guess you do really like killing people. Like, a lot. Like, to the point where it's actually moderately concerning…ANYWAYS! Wanna go get a few drinks?” Every single cell in Lucci’s body reminded him of what would happen if he said yes. The minute any of the liquid reached his bladder, he would have to use almost all of his willpower to keep it there. “Sure.” WHAT. WHY THE HELL DID YOU SAY YES. WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU.

###

After a while, Lucci had downed roughly four drinks as his subconscious was silently cursing him for doing so. Kaku had seven, and it was clearly taking a toll on him. “L-Lucci…can we go back to *hic* HQ now? I don’t f-feel very good…” Lucci sighed, oddly endeared by the sight before him. He grabbed Kaku and picked him up, carrying him out the door and down the sidewalk. Soon enough, the urge struck Lucci, and hard. Just a few seconds ago he was fine, and now he had to stop walking every few seconds to compose himself. Kaku noticed his frequent stops and looked up at him, his eyes slightly hazy. “Lucci…are you *hic* o-okay…?”

Lucci looked down at Kaku, appearing to be trying not to pass out. “I’m-” Another quick throb from his rapidly filling bladder, followed by a quick leak. “I-I’m fine…” He pressed his thighs together as subtly as possible. This whole ‘incontinence’ thing was really taking a toll on him, and it had only been about a day since he was infected. He just kept walking, a bit faster when Kaku nudged him slightly. Lucci sighed impatiently. “What…?” Kaku pointed to a nearby public bathroom. “Lucci…I-I gotta go for a sec…” Oh no. No no no. The last thing he needed right now was to stop. And…there of all places? “L-Lucci…you okay? If you gotta go too, you can go after me…” No. Absolutely not.

A while ago, Lucci had imposed a rule for himself. He would never under any circumstances relieve himself anywhere other than Cipher Pol headquarters. Using unclean restrooms made him feel like he was on a lower station, so he opted to use the ones at HQ instead, as they were cleaned almost daily and were perfect for someone of his caliber. And now, he was going to have to listen to Kaku do the very thing that his body was practically screaming at him to do. “I’m not stopping just because you have to-” He caught a glance of Kaku, he also appeared somewhat desperate, looking at Lucci pleadingly. He was reminded of his own situation and sighed. “Fine.”

###

He waited outside the restroom, bracing himself for the uncomfortable moment. The minute Kaku’s stream started hitting the water, Lucci flinched. No amount of preparation could get him ready to experience this level of discomfort. He gently rubbed his thighs together as he tried to ignore the sounds coming from behind him, to absolutely no avail. He leaked again, and shifted his weight, anxious to get back to HQ, which was only about 2 minutes away.

As Kaku continued, Lucci realized it had been over a minute since he had started. He might be almost done, he might not be, but any way that he put it, Lucci’s bladder was completely at Kaku’s mercy in this situation. Kaku could keep him waiting for as long as he wanted, if he felt like it. He could stay inside and let Lucci’s patience wear thin, and eventually what little control he had would give out and- that thought made him feel that strange fluttery sensation again. He was prepared to unpack what it meant, when Kaku stopped, flushed, and exited. He immediately stumbled over onto Lucci for support, indirectly pressing against his bladder. Lucci inhaled sharply and picked Kaku up again so he wouldn’t notice the now very obvious dark spot on the front of his pants.

###

As they entered HQ, Lucci could feel slightly more urgency even though it had only been a few minutes. He entered Kaku’s room, still carrying him, and set him down on the bed. “Is there…anything else you need?” Kaku shook his head and passed out just a moment later. Now that the person he was trying to hide his problem from was out cold, Lucci shot one hand down to his crotch and literally ran down the hallway. He was actually pretty sure he was using Soru. As he reached his room, he flung the door open and hurriedly made his way over to the bathroom attached to the side of his room, the sight of it causing a leak.

He opened it, and slammed the door, struggling with his belt. The moment his cock was free, a large stream of urine started flowing, Lucci didn’t even tell himself to start. He sighed softly, remembering the specifics of this ‘condition’ of his. He would have a lot of trouble holding in any amount of urine, that much was evident but it also seemed to magnify the desperation. A minute ago, he felt like he was about to piss himself, but his stream tapered off after about 20 seconds. He sighed and exited the restroom, sitting down on his bed and replaying the events in his mind before he was hit with a question.

What if Kaku saw me like this? The thought pushed itself to the front of his mind. He pictured Kaku laughing at him, as he hopelessly soaked himself. “You really couldn’t control your bladder, huh Lucci? You look just like a kid right now~” He knew Kaku would never say any of that, he was too nice…so why did he imagine it like that? The fluttering feeling was back, and much more powerful now. Lucci wanted to try something, to find out what this feeling meant. He imagined more. Degrading comments, humiliation, wetting himself…all of it made this feeling much stronger.

It wasn’t not anxiety, or nerves…this was different. What does this mean…? As if to answer his question, he noticed that his pants now felt tighter. Was that feeling- He didn’t need to say it. He didn’t want to say it. He had gotten turned on from all of this…? His now, very hard cock straining against the fabric of his pants was definitely a confirmation. His mind went into overdrive, mainly confused and shocked by this new information. He didn’t have time for this. It was 11 goddamn PM, and he needed sleep. He slipped off his suit again, and climbed back into bed, looking over to Hattori, and giving him a quick pat on the head. “Goodnight, Tori.” He slowly drifted off, still a bit disturbed by his new discovery, and praying to every god out there that Kaku never found out.

End of chapter 2

A/N: So uhh, that was a trip. I actually wrote most of this at like 1 in the morning actually and barely remember any of it. Anyways yeah, Lucci has a piss kink and a degradation kink now, you’re welcome. Kaku will be featured again next chapter, along with more random gay moments!

*009*2024-08-05 21:23

Chapter 3: I Can Explain

A/N: Quick trigger warning, so you can leave if any of the following makes you uncomfortable!

- Sexual content

- Mentions of male genitalia

Lucci was sleeping much deeper than he had in a long time, the shock of yesterday slowly dying down and leaving tiredness in its place. He slept, quietly and dreamlessly, until that was interrupted by a sudden warmth. Lucci was confused for a moment. What on earth was causing him to feel so warm between his-? Oh. Oh no. Lucci forced his eyes open, sitting up in a sizable puddle of his own- “I must have forgotten to account for this sort of thing happening…” He slowly stood up and got out of bed, changing into new clothes, and decided on a more casual outfit instead of a suit since he had soaked both his regular and backup suits. Well, his backup suit wasn’t soaked, per se, but it was still pretty damp.

He walked over to Hattori’s perch, giving him a quick headpat, before gathering his sheets into a bundle and carrying them out into the hallway. It was literally 4:26 AM so obviously nobody was going to be awake- “Lucci? What are you doing up?” Lucci paused for a moment, noticing Kaku in front of him. “That’s…what I should be asking you.” Kaku laughed awkwardly. “I was just getting some water…my head hurts like hell right now. I probably overdid it on the drinks last night.” His expression shifted to a more curious one.

“Uh…what’s with the bedsheets?” Lucci just froze. He didn’t have a good response for this.

The rush of emotions and confusion made him temporarily lower his guard, causing him, for the second time that night, to start soaking himself completely. The sudden warm sensation trailed down his legs, forming a puddle on the floor, and he heard Kaku make a small shocked gasp. “D-Don’t…goddamn…look at me…”

Despite this being the fourth time something like this had happened, this felt different. Kaku had seen this whole ordeal, he knew. Lucci suddenly felt an extreme wave of humiliation and embarrassment, both of which were emotions he hadn’t felt in many years. He could feel himself starting to cry. He didn’t want to, it would just make things worse, but he just felt so…disgusting right now. He looked up at Kaku, expecting some kind of joking remark from him, but that wasn’t what he got. “Oh…g-geez…Lucci, are you okay?” Kaku approached him, and held both of Lucci’s hands, giving him a reassuring smile. “I think I get what’s going on…incontinence, huh?” Lucci blushed and nodded, looking away.

“Here, I’ll help you get cleaned up. Give me the sheets and go back to your room, I’ll be back soon!” Lucci handed the soaked bedsheets to him, before returning to his room, taking off his outfit, not even bothering to put on a new one, and laying down in his bed. He couldn’t believe it, really. He had just wet himself, in front of Kaku…was he really as fine with this as he let on? Probably not. Lucci started thinking about what Kaku must have thought of him…did he find him disgusting? Would he have teased him?

He was distracted from his thoughts when he noticed that he had gotten hard from this…again. He blushed slightly in embarrassment and sighed. The door flung open and Lucci quickly grabbed a pillow and shielded his crotch. “Alrighty, I’m back, and I kinda want an explanation-”' Kaku froze, his face turning a bright red. “Y-You could’ve at least put some clothes on!” Lucci rolled his eyes. “Do you want to hear what happened or not?” Kaku nodded, and sat down next to Lucci, still blushing.

###

“Wow…that’s one hell of a story! Do we even know where this Hive kid is, or why he’s basically creating an army of piss bugs?” Lucci laughed quietly. “You never know when to take something seriously, do you?” Kaku grinned. “Nope! But you love it~!” Kaku nudged Lucci in the side, indirectly rubbing the pillow against Lucci’s still half-hard cock. He flinched and blushed softly, Kaku giving him a small look of confusion. “Lucci? Are you good?”

He nodded slowly. “Yeah, I…think I might have just leaked again…I’m gonna go to the bathroom.” Kaku nodded as Lucci got up, still shielding his crotch. He reached the door, dropping the pillow right outside and quickly slipping inside. He sat down on the side of the bath, knowing that what he was about to do was incredibly stupid. To spare himself from a very awkward conversation, he was going to- He decided to stop thinking and just do it. Typically, he would’ve taken this kind of thing slowly, but considering Kaku was right outside thinking that he was taking a piss, he could save that for another time.

###

Kaku sat on Lucci’s bed, and noted the fact that it still smelled like urine. How lovely. “Man, poor Lucci…his ego is through the roof and he’s the one who gets incontinence? Honestly, it should’ve been me, considering everyone thinks of me like a little kid, wetting myself would just be status quo at this point…” Kaku laughed quietly, being interrupted by a sudden, strong nagging from his bladder at the thought of such a thing.

“I’m sure he wouldn’t mind if I came in…probably.” Well, he wouldn’t exactly find out until he did it, and Lucci had been in there for a while, so he’d probably be fine.

###

Lucci was enjoying himself much more than he had anticipated, considering he only did this to get rid of his erection. He sat on the side of the bath, one of his hands gripping his cock and tugging at it quickly and intensely as precum slowly seeped out of the tip. Soft moans escaped him, and he covered his mouth with his other hand to try and muffle them since Kaku was right outside and- The door opened and Kaku stepped inside, holding a hand between his legs in an overdramatic way, seemingly about to ask if he could piss as well, before he immediately stopped at the sight of Lucci doing…this with himself.

“L-Lucci-!? I- Are you-?” Kaku could barely even get his words out, and he was blushing so brightly it almost looked like he was glowing. “I-I mean- I’m not- I-” Kaku made a small noise between a whimper and a moan, turned around and sprinted out of Lucci’s room, still blushing. This…was going to be tough to explain.

End of chapter 3

A/N: Sorry if this was bad, I made this whole thing in around an hour while extremely sleep deprived. Anyways I hope you enjoyed this chapter that I wrote while on copious amounts of LSD (For legal reasons this is a joke) See you guys in chapter 4. Or not, because only one person that I know of reads this.

