When in Rome...a Roman tale of desperation - Page 2

Author: DespMely

*031*2017-07-11 12:12

Hello all!

I have decided to make a full-on fiction novel out of this involving several main characters. Most entries will include some form of omo-if not they will be marked.

Today there is a chapter introducing a second protagonist, i hope you enjoy!

Warning contains minor poo desperation.

Criticism comments and suggestions welcome!

(ps bonus points to anyone who can guess why i chose the date:) )

Rome – 74 AD

Claudia Marsiala had a problem. Well, multiple problems in fact.

She ducked around a corner, breathing heavily, and leaned against the rough building. Closing her eyes, she mentally ran through her current problems.

Number 1: the thugs currently following her that would eventually figure out the alleyway she had gone into.

Number 2: the discovery of one of her safehouses. That would create many additional problems in the future, but that could wait.

Number 3: She had to pee. Bad.

Claudia crossed her legs, sighed and risked a glance around the corner, using a passing mule cart as cover. Not seeing any sign of her pursuers – yet – she quickly re-crossed her legs again and updated problem number 3 to 2. She needed to get away from them, to one of her other safe places, and pass by a public latrine on the way.

After another quick glance, she took a deep breath and started moving off in the other direction, blending into the pedestrians as much as possible. There weren´t that many people out in this part of the Subura in the middle of the day though, and she knew that to a trained eye, she would stand out well enough. Stepping around a mound of refuse, she sighed and cursed herself again for letting down her guard enough to get discovered.

The day had started well enough – she´d risen early and met a contact at the market, gotten some good information for her client, and even gotten some dirt on a competitor that she thought she could sell profitably. Shaking her head, she berated herself for her carelessness. She should have known better – of course it had been a plant. Somebody had attached the fake information to the real one to catch anybody that came into its possession. And she´d fallen for it like a naïve little girl – even agreed to a meeting at her safehouse!

Punching her own thigh in frustration, she gasped and stopped for a moment, wincing at her full bladder. Bad idea. Also, not helpful. Looking over her shoulder, she spotted one of the thugs pointing in her direction, and cursed again. She needed a plan, and fast.

Stepping out of the traffic for a moment, she glanced up ahead for options. She was in one of the hill-side residential areas – if the assortment of cheap and shabby tenement blocks could be called residences – with little alleys running off from a main street. Further up ahead, she saw the entrance to the areas market. Making her decision, she started moving again, ducking between the other people on the street quickly, grimacing at the urgent signals from her bladder whenever she had to take a step sideways.

As she reached the market, she glanced at a small, dark alley leading off to the side, and briefly contemplated ducking in. She´d be able to hide, to relieve herself…maybe. Looking at a pair of soldiers from the urban cohorts lounging at the side of the street, she ruefully pressed her legs together and hurried into the market, at once feeling more at ease as the press of people grew. This was her element, something she had grown up in since the earliest days of her childhood when her father´s death in the legions and her mother´s to a sickness had meant she had to steal to survive. She knew how to disappear in a crowd – they would never find her now.

Making her way to a side exit, she stopped briefly as she passed the public latrines, pressing her legs together. She REALLY needed to pee soon, but the queue was horrendous. There were at least 50 people waiting for one of the seats to free up, and she couldn´t afford to stay there for this long – eventually even those lumbering thugs would manage their way through the market. She passed along the row of people waiting to use the latrines, smiling at the sight of crossed legs, fidgeting men and women, and even a young couple in full-on pee dances that somehow made her own need much greater.

As she left the market behind, the crowds thinned out quickly and she was able to move quicker, although it turned into a hobble more and more as her screaming bladder forced her to keep her legs together as much as possible. Stopping for a brief rest, she crossed her legs tight and involuntarily pressed a hand into her crotch, burying the fabric of her tunic between her legs. “oh gods” she gasped heavily, unable to hold still. No question – she needed the nearest public latrines or, failing that, a private spot where she couldn´t be overseen by officials or snitching onlookers.

After a few moments, she started walking again, trying to hurry as much as possible as she made her way through the crowded buildings in the direction of the forum.

Problem 1, solved, number 2 – about to be, she mused as she saw a set of public latrines in the distance.

“Just need to get to number 3…ohhhh !” the muttered, grabbing herself frantically as an older woman bumped into her, thrusting her elbow right on her swollen bladder and making her loose a spurt of urine into her loincloth.

“Excuse me dear but I´m in a hurry” the woman apologized, taking off towards the latrines at a half-run. Claudia stared after her, trying to regain her composure before hobbling off in pursuit of the woman.

“Maybe put problem 2 back on the list” she cursed as she watched her join a line outside the building – thankfully much shorter than the one at the market. Still, she counted 15 people in front of her as she got in line, bouncing and crossing her legs behind the woman who was squirming on the spot frantically.

Briefly Claudia thought about calling her out for jostling her, but she looked really desperate. And not bad to look at, the girl mused as she ground her legs together. “Oh you have to go too dear? I´m sorry, I didn´t know…” the woman said apologetically, looking back at her.

“That´s ok, I know the feeling” Claudia smiled back, regarding her. She was at least 10 years older than her, maybe 30, but that could be deceiving. People spending their whole lives in the Subura always looked older than their years. “I just hope it doesn´t take too long!”

“I know, me too” the woman agreed, shifting her weight and angling her legs together. “There´s been a queue here every day since they started that whole business about no going in the streets…” she blushed as she stopped and glanced forward, taking a few steps as the queue moved.

“Oh really?” Claudia asked, taking a appreciative glance at the woman´s well-formed buttocks through the thin tunic “how many, ah, spots in there?” she added while bending forward, one hand between her legs as she fought off a big urge.

“Just 4!” the woman said, glancing at her holding herself before duplicating her, sighing as she pushed her hand between her legs “Much too few at least…”

Nodding her agreement, the younger girl looked over the remaining people between her and relief. It was the usual combination of slaves, mostly girls, a few workmen and porters and some women. Most seemed fine, but Claudia´s eyes fixed on one girl about her age in a half-length tunic who was holding her stomach with one and bum with the other hand and was hunched over. “oh wow” she mumbled under her breath, blushing slightly as the girl finally got to go into the latrines, letting out a relieved moan seconds later.

“Come on hurry we got go too!” the woman yelled, pee dancing furiously, shaking Claudia out of her momentary bliss as she lost another spurt, grimacing hard as she fought to keep control.

“just a couple more, I can do it!” she mumbled, moving forward again as two men entered and started to pee loudly. “oh nonono” the woman started sobbing, hunching over as she frantically pressed her hands into her crotch, urine soaking through the folds of her long tunic rapidly as she lost control. “Not again…” she cried, giving way with a soft moan and crouching a bit to empty her bladder on the floor. Claudia stared, mouth open, quickly grabbing herself again as the sight and sound made her leak again.

“oh….oh dear” she gasped and moved around the woman to stand in the entrance of the latrine, squirming violently. One seat was still taken by the young girl pooing with a red but relieved face, while 2 others were taken by workmen doing the same. Grimacing again, Claudia turned to the last seat where a slave boy was arching a heavy stream of pee. “ah….could you hurry? I´m uhhh about to lose it here” she managed, small leaks escaping constantly now.

“what? Oh…” the boy said over his shoulder, blushing as he glanced at her holding herself, tunic riding up. “I´m done you can go….” He added, shaking off.

“Thank you!” Claudia gasped and hurried up to him, quickly gathering her tunic to hike it up, pee gushing from her pussy as soon as she squatted down on the seat “oh goooooods” she moaned, grinning happily at the boy who stood staring at her for a moment, his penis growing erect before he hurriedly put on his rags and ran off.

“Well, that’s problem 2 solved.” Claudia said, sighing again as she pissed furiously, emptying her large overtaxed bladder into the sewer, her mind already working on future plans, even as she smiled at the girl sitting next to her emptying her bowels.

*033*2017-07-11 13:37

Yes, it will all be one plot.

*037*2017-10-31 16:11

New chapter! includes both pee and poo desp. I hope you enjoy!

Lavinia nervously fidgeted in her chair, rolling her eyes left and right trying to see what had happened to her hair.

“Stop fidgeting!” Helena snapped, taking yet another of the small pots arrayed on the shelf before them. Dipping in a small horsehair brush, she began applying some kind of fine powder to Lavinia´s face as she froze in wonderment.

“There you go, girl. All pretty.” Helena finally said with a smile. “Now go see if they need you in the kitchen before you change into your serving clothes. Off you go.”

Lavinia gave her a smile and quickly left, heading towards the kitchen. On the way, she passed one of the small fountains and stopped for a moment to look at her reflection in the smooth surface, her eyes going wide as she saw herself.

Her hair had been combed out and tightly curled, kept up by several small combs that the older slave had partly hidden behind flowers stuck into her hair. A few strands fell to her shoulders at the sides, but otherwise her neck was bare. It was the first time in her life she had even seen make-up, and she had to fight down the urge to touch and rub her face. Her cheeks were a shade of pink and her eyebrows seemed much fuller. Red lips and dark purple eyelids gave her an exotic look she didn´t know was possible.

“Are you thinking of going for a swim?” Uvaria called to her, passing by with a tray of sweets, making Lavinia blush “No I…I was just looking” she muttered as she broke away and continued on her way. Reaching the kitchen, she could see that Segara had everything well in hand. There were trays of pastries set up and ready, meat roasting on a fire in the back, and loaves of fresh bread arrayed with cheeses and fruit. Clearly this household was accustomed to hosting parties. And why not? She asked herself as she turned back to her room. While she had not yet found out the masters exact status, he was clearly an important figure in roman politics and so must have an extensive network of clients, allies and patrons. And most likely enemies, too, she mused as she reverently took the embroidered tunic of soft, light blue material she´d been given to wear for the evening.

She´d been in the house for a week now, and by now she knew many of the things that were going on. She was getting to know the masters´ routine and tried her best to discharge her duties to him well. They were easy enough, and once again she sent a brief prayer to the gods to have ended up with him. He was always fair, always had a kind word of greeting for her and the other slaves. There was none of the abuse she had seen many times before from other masters. She wanted to do well tonight, so she took care as she dressed.

While preparing her for her duties as a server for the formal dinner the master was hosting, Cylia, the young Persian girl that in addition to her seamstresses´ duties seemed to be a kind of master or etiquette, had tried to tell her everything about how to behave. It seemed so much different than what she had pictured, but she strongly suspected that this was not the norm of the high society. She had never heard any of the other slaves describe it like that – usually they told of strict rules to be kept. Never make eye contact. Never speak unless asked a question, and answer only if permitted by the master. Stay still when not moving in a task. And so on.

Here, it seemed much more liberal – she was free to speak to guests if engaged by them, for example. She briefly dreaded such conversations, having absolutely no reference, but quickly fought down her anxiety. She would do well. She knew her duties – serving the food, refilling the drinks, keep the table clean. With a final smoothing motion over her sides, she left her room to head to the dining room.

As she passed the latrine, looking a bit forlorn placed in the middle of the adjacent room, she noticed for the first time that two rather large windows in the wall between the rooms would give any of the diners a rather good view of anybody standing there. Thinking that she would have to try and not get herself too desperate, she smiled to herself. The masters preoccupation with people needing to relieve themselves had become very much clear to her, and she found that it gave her a certain thrill to notice him getting excited by her need. And, she admitted to herself with a slight blush, She was getting to enjoy seeing some of the other slaves in the same predicaments.

Some time later.

Lavinia winced noiselessly as she poured the wine and tried to inch her legs closer together. The sound of it pouring into the goblets was starting to torment her bladder which was rapidly approaching full, and the guests were drinking quite a lot. Which meant more pouring, and more urgency for her. Stepping back from the table, she smiled at the middle-aged man who nodded at her as she returned to her place by the amphora at the wall.

Crossing one leg in front of the other, she watched the men and women at the table converse and laugh. Dinner had been fancy, but apparently nothing special to them. Course after course had been brought out and cleared away again, until all that was left was some bowls with fruits and nuts. And wine. As Lavinia watched one of the women sip from her goblet, she absentmindedly wondered how long it would take her to get off her elaborate clothing if she had to pee.

When, not if, she corrected herself with a slight grimace as one of the men hurried out of the room and into the latrine. She knew she´d have to do the same before long. Out of the corner of her eye, Lavinia noticed Cylia look toward the latrine with a longing look. The other slave girl had told her before that the master would expect them to hold it as long as possible, and to be ready for sudden requests from him. So far, there had been none of those, but he and the other men had been to the latrine once already, several twice. None of the three women had gone, yet, but even though they drank with much more moderation, Lavinia was sure their bladders were filling too.

As time passed, Lavinia was unable to keep still and started crossing her legs more often, squeezing her bare legs together. She noticed that several the men kept glancing at her – but that could just be because of the inordinately short tunics she and Cylia wore.

“Oh dear!”

Lavinia turned and saw Cerabin at the latrine, breaking into a pee dance. The guests also looked, several of the men smiling and two of the women blushing brightly. She was quite sure that those two, at least, had their legs squeezed together tightly under the table. Soon they would have to go. And by the looks the master shot their way, and towards the latrine, they would wait a while…”Lavinia!”

She jerked out of her thoughts and hastily stepped towards the master. Uhh, small steps! She thought, cringing at the fullness of her bladder. “Yes, master?” she said quietly, blushing briefly as she saw hem watch her tightly crossed legs intently.

The master looked up at her briefly, then glanced at his guests to make sure they were paying no undue attention to him before speaking quietly. “I need you to do exactly as I say. Go to my rooms and take the small red pot on my desk. There is a powder in it. Mix it in wine and give some first to one of the other slaves, then to one of the guests, in that order. Any but the man with the scarred ear.”

Lavinia glanced over briefly at the man. “After this, you will wait until he goes to wait for the latrine and join the line in front of behind him. He will give you something for me. Make sure you keep it safe and none of the other guests observe you. Go now.”

She felt her heartbeat quicken as the master looked at her again and then switched his attention back to the table. Turning, she quickly left the room and went up the stairs to her masters rooms, easily finding the pot left out on the work table. Well I can guess what this is she thought with a little smile as she poured it into a small cask of wine. It dissolved easily and the dark red of the wine made it impossible to spot. Feeling slightly guilty, she poured some into a cup and left the room, wondering who she would inflict it on when she spotted Cato, the errand boy, leave the kitchen.

“Master said to drink this” she said, blushing, as she offered him the cup. “I´m sorry, I think…” but the boy stopped her. “Don´t worry. It´s not the first time” he winked as he drank off the cup in one go. Lavinia smiled at him nervously before turning to walk back to the dining room, but before she even reached it Cato came rushing past her. “Coming through!” he gasped and hurried into the latrine, holding his stomach. “Oh dear” she muttered, listening to his relieving his bowels as she entered the dining room with her wine.

The master glanced up briefly and gave her a small nod as she approached the table. Quickly she saw that one of the male guests´ cups was empty and she quickly moved to refill with a glance over at Cylia who was wiggling cross-legged looking at the occupied latrine. As she returned to the wall, she became aware of her own full bladder, forgotten during the excitement, and she locked her legs together as she watched her victim sip his wine. Next to him, the man she was supposed to go with looked a bit tense and she recalled not having seen him use the latrine yet.

Crossing her legs tightly, she winced at the fullness of her bladder and started to hope that her guest would go soon, when her victim gasped, grabbed his stomach and started to rise with a pained expression on his face. Lavinia saw Cylia stare at him too before turning and hobbling off. Clearly the girl had seen this before. “Excuse me” the man managed before he hurridly followed the slave girl towards the latrine. As they both formed a line, the master rose as well and said “I think I need to go as well” and smiled briefly at Lavinia as he passed her, followed closely by both of the tense ladies, one of which managed to walk fast enough to stand in front of the master in line.

Lavinia groaned inwardly as she looked at the line of 5 people at the latrine. She had to go very badly, and wasn´t sure she would be able to hold it long enough to get through the queue! Finally the guest with the scarred ear got up as well to excuse himself. Quickly, she started walking past him, her legs rubbing together as she hurriedly joined the queue ahead of him, immediately crossing her legs again.

As she inwardly cringed watching Cylia wriggle and writhe in front of the line, she felt a sense of excitement, too. Not only because of her task – which she did not understand at all – but also because, in a weird way, the whole situation, her need to pee, the line, was exciting her. Blushing slightly, she was shook out of her thoughts by a whimper from Cylia. “Please hurry I….I can´t hold on much longer!” she gasped, thrusting a hand into her crotch. “Yes, do hurry” the man behind her agreed, red-faced and slightly bent forward as he held his stomach with clenched buttocks.

Her own bladder was full and painful as she started to squirm, rubbing her thighs against each other. “Hurry up!” she mouthed as she watched Cylia enter the latrine, followed seconds later by a loud hiss and moan of relief.

“Are you going to be alright, dear?”

Lavinia found herself blushing as she turned to the guest in front of her who was watching her pee dance intently. “I….I will be” she managed, smiling bravely. He was constantly stepping from foot to foot, visibly in need of relief himself – although she found herself wondering if it was an act to let him give her whatever the master needed without anybody noticing. Glancing further up to her master, she smiled as she saw him staring intently at the female guest in front of him pee dancing badly, gasping slightly as the poor man ahead took the seat and started voiding his liquid bowels with a groan.

“Sounds like he´ll be a bit” the man said quietly, moving a bit closer to her. Lavinia had to keep herself from stepping away automatically, instead turning so that she slightly bumped into him as she squirmed. “I hope not too long…” she answered, glancing at him again. He was middle-aged, with full hair and a friendly face. Attractive. She blushed again as they touched again, her hip brushing his leg. What was going to happen? Suddenly she wasn´t sure if she was more nervous of peeing herself or messing up her assignment, but a loud groan from the front distracted her.

“Ohhhh please finish, I can´t hold it much longer!” The woman first In line knocked on the door, her other hand darting between her legs. She clearly was about to reach her limit, and doing everything she could to keep her clothing dry and dignity intact. Behind her, Lavinia could see that the master was enjoying the display from the bulge in the front of his toga as he watched attentively. The loud hissing as the woman finally hobbled inside and sat down brought her mind back to her own predicament as her bladder spasmed at the sound and she automatically slid a hand between her legs in desperation. For almost as long as she woman urinated, she stood trembling with her eyes closed, fighting to control the little drops of pee leaking into her clothing. Finally, she was able to stop them and resumed prancing around furiously, opening her eyes to see the man behind her watching her with a smile.

“My dear, it looks like you are in trouble.” He said, casually taking a step closer to her. Lavinia could only nod, shooting a glance to the front where the master was taking over the latrine with a final long look at the cross-legged woman behind him. “Not much longer now…” the man said softly, standing very close to Lavinia, making her brush against him as she wriggled uncontrollably. Glancing at him with a grimace, she held herself again as the woman knocked on the door suddenly, gasping as she hobbled up and down in front of the latrine. The furious knocking was answered by a soft, long moan from the master, who opened the door with a smile and slightly blushed a minute later, allowing the woman to race inside to unleash a powerful stream of pee that made Lavinia leak again instantly.

“Oh hurry hurry hurry” she panted, one hand clasped tightly between her legs. “I can´t hold it…” she muttered after a few moments, feeling herself loose control. Then, suddenly, she felt the mans hand on top of hers, pressing down as he whispered into her ear “Here let me help you….”Lavina gasped, fidgeting, eyes growing wide as she felt the man´s hard penis brush against her bottom. But it was helping, at least a little, to avoid streaming pee down her legs.

“In you go!” he said after another minute as the door opened, and Lavinia could only hobble forward, struggling to lift her short tunic out of the way of the spray of urine shooting out uncontrollably as soon as she sat down. “Oh gooooods” she moaned, relief washing over her, tension pouring out of her with her pee. “That was way too close” she mumbled to herself, feeling her quite wet underwear, then inspected the small scroll the man had thrust into her hands as he had held her. Luckily she hadn´t gotten any pee on it. She was sure that the master would be pleased with her, and so she smiled as she finished her business, and blushed slightly thinking of the thrill she had felt when the man had helped her hold it, obviously aroused.

