Clean up on isle one - Page 2

Author: Dimwitrolo

*026*2017-06-22 01:02

'That'll be twelve-fifteen, would you like a carrier bag?'

The man shakes his head and hands be the cash, a ten and a five. I hit the button on the till and put in the notes, pull out the change, and hand the man his change.

I don't bother saying anything this time, not like he'd stay to listen. As the automatic doors close behind him though I see him look back as if something wasn't right...

It's been a short while since anything interesting has happened. Haven't wet myself at work recently, spent some time studying with April. And by studying I mean avoiding studying and doing other things. I'll let you imagine the things we get up to.

And of course today is just another day at work. Well, a day at work in the middle of a heat wave. Temperature is almost twice what I'm used to down here, far too hot...

Still, April bought me a desk fan for work, so at least I've got this tiny thing blowing in my face all day. I kinda need it, without it I'd be soaked. In sweat that is.

It's been a bit of a boring few weeks really. With the heatwave, everyone is too warm to get anything done, and a lot of people are staying home. Of course I don't get that choice, unless I don't want to be able to buy food and pay rent. And as warm as it is, I'd rather be able to survive than not get too sweaty. Sometimes you need to put things into perspective

I lean back in my chair and resist the urge to put my feet up on the counter. Margret's already annoyed that I'm in shorts and sandals, they're both sort of against regulations. She won't do anything about it though, she's wearing sandals too. Shorts aren't really against regulations, but mine are a bit on the short side, but in this weather I don't care. Perspective again - I'd rather people looked at me than melting. And any way, under the desk, no-one can really see what I'm wearing, unless they leaned over the counter to take a look

I take my bottle of Soda and take a swig. This is my third already, I've just been downing them in this heat. I don't need the toilet though, just got back in fact. second time today, and we only get two toilet breaks. Luckily for me, I'm only in for another couple of hours, but I better start rationing the drinks anyway. I've already got through half a six pack in just my first three hours. Three more sitting by, which I'll probably take home if I'm sensible enough not to drink them all.

I take another few drinks from the bottle. It's gone from full to half full in just a minute or so with me drinking like that. So much for rationing it. As I put it down I see a customer come up. Girl, about my age, in a white summer dress. I think I recognise her...Oh yeah! It's Charlotte! She's in my history class! She looks different with her glasses off and her hair down. I don't know her too well, but she did once wet herself next to me in a lecture. I think she's been avoiding eye-contact ever since, and I can't blame her. It can be embarrassing, especially on the first day.

She puts two large bottles of lemonade on the till, followed by a microwave dinner, some instant noodles and a four-pack of cleaning sponges. Then she looks at me. The second our eyes meet she blushes bright red and glances away. I force myself to hold back a smirk - I don't want to embarrass her any more than she is. Firstly she seems like a nice girl, secondly she might catch fire. I probably would in this heat if I so much as blushed.

She takes in a deep breath then looks at me again. I give her a warm smile and she smiles back, turning a little redder

'Uhh, I, um, hello' She says, trying to give me eye contact while also trying to look anywhere but my eyes

Heya Charlotte, how are you?' I say to her.

She blushes even redder as she realises I recognise her. She looks at her feet

'Fine!' she squeaks.

'Something the matter?' I ask, pretending I don't remember her accident. I know they can be embarrassing and all, but I don't think I'd ever respond like this. That said, I might if I'd wet myself so close to someone that they ended up almost as wet on the first day I'd met them. I remember how warm it felt as it ran up to my leg and then up and down my thighs. I'd glanced down to see what it was, then looked over to the side to catch her with both hands between her legs, holding back whimpers. Poor girl

She looks back up at me, still red as before. I flash her a grin that seems to calm her down. She closes her eyes, takes in a deep breath, and looks at me.

'Umm, Kate? I wanted to say that I'm sorry for when I.....you know.....wet my-'

'Don't worry about it Charlotte!' I say to her. 'Could of happened to anyone!'

She seems relieved by my response. I smile at her again.

'Anyway, that was months ago!' I say

'Month ago' She corrects me. 'It was last month'

'Certainly made the lecture more interesting'

She giggles, and I start running her stuff over the scanner. She's bought the cheap store-brand lemonade, surprisingly good for the price. I mean it's not great but when you're on a student budget you take what you can get. I begin swiping over the food she's bought, same story for them too. Decent for the price.

'That's seven-forty' I say to her. 'D'you want a bag?'

'Please' she says, nodding. I hand her one and take the money from her. She starts putting the stuff in her bag as I put the cash away and hand her the change.

'See you next lecture Charlotte!' I say to her as she finished packing. She smiles

'Y-yeah, see you then!' she says back. She picks up her bag and heads out. I grab my drink from under my desk and take another swig. Or many. Okay, I finish the bottle. As I pull the now empty bottle from my lips I look into it and realise I may have made a poor choice. Still, I'm fine for now. Let's hope I stay that way...

As the hour drags on I realise the extent of my poor decision. As I lean over to take another drink out the bag from off the floor, the pressure on my bladder makes me realise how much I have to go. Nothing crazy, I can still hold for now. It's like a, err, six, out of ten. If ten is wetting myself anyway. I certainly feel the urge to go, and if it weren't for work I'd be heading over to the loos. How much more work do I have anyway? I glance at my watch.

One hour thirty.

In half an hour I've gone from fine to quite desperate. Good. I should be considering this as I unscrew the bottle and take a swig from the next bottle, but it's too hot!

I gotta hold it for another 90 minutes....and I'm just adding more to an already quite full bladder. As I pull the now empty bottle from my lips I realise that I might be an idiot.

No! Wait! I'm a genius! Empty bottle!

I glance around the shop. Empty. Margret's in her office. There's no-one coming in. There's no one walking about the aisles. Good! I take the bottle to my legs and wedge in inside one of the short legs. The shorts are my loose light brown pair, I've worn them here before. In fact I've wet them here before, the last time I'd decided to try using a bottle as an emergency loo. As the plastic sticks to my slightly sweaty thighs, I'm reminded of that time.

*Bzzt!*

The power cuts out! Lights go off, fan dies, and I jump so hard I jam the bottle into myself! Ouch! I wince and pull the bottle out and rub myself with the other hand...that really hurt...

I take a quick look around the shop again. Margret pokes her head out her office and looks over. I move my hand away from my legs so she doesn't get any ideas, and look at her hoping to get an answer. She gives me the same look. She leans back in the window and heads out the office door over to me. There's no-one else in, so she doesn't really have a choice of who to wander over to, and she looks like she doesn't like that fact.

'What's happened?' I ask her before she can ask me. Her face drops when she realises I know just as much as she does

'I was hoping you'd know' she sighs, leaning against the counter. 'Might have to close up for the day if it the power doesn't come back on soon'

'Probably just a powercut' I say. 'Should be back online soon enough'

She nods at me.

'Yeah I guess' she sniffs. 'Alright then, stay seated for now, I'll see if I can't call anyone up'

'You can't, power's down' I remind her. She looks at me funny.

'Oh yeah' She says, trying not to admit to making a mistake. 'I'll just, err, see if there's anything I can do in the office'

She pulls herself off the counter and heads back over. While she's not watching I put one hand between my legs. It's been a long time since the last power cut. I kinda thought they were a thing of the past, but here I am, sat in the dark. Well, not dark, it's still bright out and the light shines through the windows lighting the place up more than the electric lights do at this time of day. And as one might expect, that means it's also really warm, and now I'm realising how much I need that fan. I'm starting to sweat already and I haven't even moved. Just the heat doing this now...

I pick up another bottle. Am I really going to do this? I've already established that I need the toilet, but it's also really hot. And I'm thirsty. I'm also starting to sweat.

Okay, that's the kicker. I twist off the lid and drink. After about half the bottle is down me, I put the lid back on and put the bottle on the counter. On the one hand, the cold drink is quite a relief in this heat. On the other hand, it also hits my bladder like an anvil. Not great. I pick up the bottle again

Don't worry, I've got the sense not to drink any more. I press the half full bottle against my forehead. The plastic curves nicely over my head, like a hard-plastic cushion, and the cool drink laps side to side in the bottle. The quiet swilling is just enough to make me really need the toilet, but the coolness of the drink means I'm going to be holding it there until either the power comes back on or I'm told by Margret I can leave.

It must be my lucky day, five minutes has passed and the power's still out. Margret heads out her office with a look of resignation

'Power's still off' she say, walking over. She reaches me and leans over on the counter. 'That means you're free to-'

*Click*

The lights come back on, the electric till boots up again, and my little fan starts whirring once again. Margret looks at me and grins.

'Never mind' She says, heading back to the office.

I drop my head to the counter. Then I immediately bring it back up as the angle I'm at causes my bladder pressure to absolutely spike. One hand slams between my legs without me even thinking, and I come that close to losing a dribble.

Alright. There's not other choice now. I can either wet myself or....

I pick up a bottle and look around. Empty. Good. Once again I look down between my legs. It's now or never. And by never I mean in my shorts.

I undo the button and then the zipper, glancing around constantly in fear of being seen. I push my backside forward in my chair, and then I lean back. Using one hand I hold the mouth of the bottle against myself. It's still a little damp with soda, and the wet touch nearly pushes me over the edge, but I hold it back with a wince. I breathe in deeply and look around once more. This is it...

I relax!

It takes a couple seconds for my bladder to realise I'm being serious and that it's free to go. A small dribble runs out of me and into my shorts, but quickly a stream begins. Relief begins to sweep over me as a pale yellow stream hisses out and splatters surprisingly loudly into the plastic bottle. I blush and keep looking around as I empty my bladder, realising I should of got something to mask the sound like I was going to last time. Still, no-one' in so I can pee as loudly as I can. The bottle's nearly half full again, and a shiver of relief runs up my spine. I can't hold back a sigh and a grin...

I'm ready to completely start peeing hard when I hear the front door open! I clamp my bladder shut, the fierce heat hitting me as my bladder does it's best to keep itself going. I pull the bottle back as the stream slows to a dribble, releasing a couple drops into my shorts. I hold the bottle under the table and try to screw the lid on quickly as I can, getting my hand a little wet in the process. The wet touch, combined with me forcing myself to stop, is too much for me and a quick squirt escapes me. With the lid on, I slam a hand down to reinforce my bladder's efforts - and luckily it works. I wince for a second as I regain total control, trembling with effort. When I calm down I heave a sigh of relief, and move my hand away. I look down to assess the damage.

A small wet spot, between my backside and the chair. Not noticeable unless I stand up, but it'll probably be quite obvious when I do. I just hope the heat evaporates it in the time I have before I can leave. I look to the bottle. The contents are kinda clear, with a tint of yellow. I've drank enough today that it's near enough to water in the bottle, but I still wouldn't want to drink it. I tighten the lid, grasping the half full bottle in one hand. It's really warm...

I look back up to see who it was that came in. No-one I recognise, lucky for me. I place the bottle on the floor with the other 3, hoping that no-one will notice a clear bottle next to three soda bottles...

I pick up the hand sanitise - we all are require to have one at our tills now after some woman made a massive fuss that someone touched her vegetables without washing their hands first. Because you know, it's not like you're meant to wash vegetables before you cook them or anything...Either way, I'm sure that customer who just came in will be pleased to know I won't be getting pee on anything I handle.

I watch the man walk around the store, picking things off the shelves and putting them either in his basket or back on the shelves. I wriggle my legs under the desk. I've just let out quite a lot, but now that my bladder's felt some relief it want all the relief...

I lean down and pick up a bottle. It feels half empty. I look at it, just to make sure it's soda. It is, so I undo the lid and take a drink from it. Not much, just the rest of the bottle. Not a smart move in immediate hind-sight.

I drop the bottle on the floor with the other 2 empty ones. There would be three empty ones but I've half filled one of them. Well, half filled it, and my bladder's begging me to completely fill it. Of course I can't until the customer leaves. Still, it's just the one guy, he won't be too long

Okay I was wrong, he will be too long. Honestly, he's spent about ten minutes just on the first aisle. We don't even have much choice - we have store brand, store brand premium, and third party brand. Usually just the one brand for any product (Two brands is too much choice) and that brand is usually Diego. But three choices is too much for Mr picky over there. While he takes his time choosing, the sodas I've been downing (Third party brand by the way, a brand called future) have been piling down on my bladder. Future brand sodas, the ones that make you need the loo when you've been drinking them one bottle an hour. Okay, that's not the official tag line but it sure is accurate. While picky McGee over in the salad aisle inspects everything slowly I get to sit here squirming in my seat and trying to hold back without looking obvious.

While I continue swinging my legs under my chair, Mr picky slowly makes his way to the third aisle. We only have four aisles, but at the rate this guy's going we could probably make a fifth before he reaches it. He slowly waddles down the aisle, picking up every stick of butter and every bag of potatoes as if he's inspecting every single for one for the slightest imperfection. Meanwhile I'm gripping at the seat of my chair and trying to keep a straight face, but I can feel that I'm not doing a great job. I tilt my face down and stare at my seat, swinging my legs back and forth. In the corner of my eye I can see the bottles, including my emergency bottle. I can almost hear it calling me, telling me to grab it and fill it up some more....

Oh god, just the thought of going almost got me leaking! I grab onto myself and tilt my head back, letting out a soft moan. I glance over at the customer. He's still examining the food, right now it's a store brand bag of King Edwards. I could pick up the bottle without him seeing me...maybe just let a little out. Slowly so he can't hear it...

Okay no I can't, he's looking over at me. I force a smile in his direction and he smiles back, but I'm screaming inside as I swing my legs under my chair. He tosses the potatoes into his basket then begins walking in my direction...I don't want him to think I need to pee, so I do my best to sit still, but I can't help but rub my knees back and forth against each other.

Of course rubbing my legs together creates heat, and it's already damn warm today...I need a drink or I'm gonna melt! I reach down and grab a bottle of soda, unscrew the lid and go for it. The cold kiss of the soda is a welcome one, and I can't stop myself drinking my way through half the bottle. I don't even have time to screw the lid back on before I regret it. I can almost feel the liquid slam against my already aching bladder, which begs me to let it go. Of course I can't, and my bladder knows that too...

I lean down to put the bottle back on the floor, pressing my free hand between my legs to hold back the entire afternoon's load of drinks that now waits inside me. It only just works, and I can feel a spurt building up as I sit back up. Luckily I manage to hold it back now I'm sat up straight again, but only just. I smack my feet together under the chair as the customer walks over, finally happy with his selection.

He carefully and slowly places each item on the belt, each second seeming to take hours as he cordially arranges his shopping. The first stuff begins to reach me and I'm forced to pull my hands from between my thighs to scan his stuff. Just taking my hands away is agony, so when I have to hold something over the scanner you can imagine it's even worse. Each time I pick up something heavier than a salad I can almost feel ever ounce of liquid in me smash against my bladder walls like a tidal wave. Speaking of salads, this guy has picked up each type of salad we offer, I don't know how he could fit it all in the basket.

'B-bag?' I ask him, not catching the stutter until after I've said it.

'Y'alright?' He asks me. 'You sound a little-'

'I'm thirsty is all!' I say, thinking quick as I can. Or not thinking, of all the things I could have said! I'll have to do something about this! I know, I'll get a drink!

I go to reach the soda and bring up a bottle. Giving the customer a quick smile as if to apologise for holding him up I open the bottle and bring it to my mouth

'Huh, I never knew Future started making lemonade'

They don't-

Oh god.

As the warm liquid touches my lips I realise the mistake I've made.

This isn't the right bottle.

My eyes widen in horror, but I try to force a straight face as I pretend to take a drink. I take the bottle from my face, dripping a little down my chin, and screw the lid back on. I put the bottle on the floor again, being careful to put it far away from the actual sodas. Bending down causes my bladder to shriek again, and without a hand to hold back I feel a single dribble make its way out. I try not to wince as I feel the fabric of my underwear quickly dampen and spread the heat over myself. Only a little mind you, but the feeling is unmistakable. I do my best not to wince, but I still inhale sharply, and the customer notices

'Are you sure you're okay'

'Yes!' I whimper. It's obvious I'm not. I breathe in. 'Everything's good, just, umm, bashed my foot. On the desk!'

'Whoops' he says, giving me a sympathetic grin. 'That's the worst, right!'

I can think of a whole lot worse, like wetting yourself massively in front of a stranger. But I don't say that, instead I chuckle and agree with him.

'Sure is!' I say with a grin. I can feel my bladder getting ready to squeeze even as I smile at the guy in front. I decide I might need to hurry him along. I start swiping his stuff a little quicker - not obviously so I look like I'm rushing, but quick enough that I might be able to get him out the shop before I end up sitting in a puddle

That's my goal more or less now, just don't wet myself in front of this guy...What a goal to have. Most people don't even wet themselves at home, never mind in public, and here I am doing my best to not wet myself directly in front of a guy...

I think back to the time I'd wet these exact shorts a few weeks ago, in half an effort to distract me from how close I am now. I'd sort of managed to pretend it wasn't an issue, but I was still absolutely embarrassed every time someone looked at the puddle protruding from under my desk, or noticed me squishing as I moved. Or even sniffed at the air and pulled a face...I didn't really want to go through that again. I remember managing to act as if I'd done nothing weird if anyone bought it up - like the guy I'd actually wet myself in front of - but I also remember wanting to wear a bag over my head in case someone recognised me. Not today, I can't let it happen today...

'Ahem!'

I look over to the customer. I've finished scanning his things and I'm groping for another thing on the belt as I day dream. Having been bought back to reality, I realise I'm grabbing at nothing...

'Oh! Sorry! I was miles away, ha ha!'

He doesn't seem impressed. At all.

'T-that'll be thirty three forty' I tell him. He pulls out a card so I activate the reader. He slots it into the machine and I slot my hand back between my legs. He pokes in his PIN and the machine hums and beeps before the receipt is printed out. He puts his shopping into his own bag, takes the receipt and leaves. Finally!

I grasp for a bottle of soda! I shouldn't drink but I've got a foul taste in my mouth about now! I screw open the lid and take a mouthful, which I swirl around my mouth before swallowing - I could hardly spit it out. Actually I could of, in one of the empty bottles now that I think about it - but I'm too desperate to be thinking straight! The drink is quite nice, so I have a couple more mouthfuls because I'm not the smartest check out girl. I screw the lid back on and glance around. I don't care if Margret gets angry, I'm going to the toilet, and I'm going right now! Well, if the place is empty I am!

And of course, someone's coming through the door. I glare at the automatic doors as they open and in comes-

April! Thank god, she can take the till for a moment! She wanders over, smiling as our eyes meet! I beckon her with one hand - the other hand is occupied - and she grins. She skips over to me, grinning as she catches me squirming in the chair.

'April!' I almost shout when she reaches me. 'Thank god! Here, can you take the till for a sec, I really gotta-'

'How bad?'

'What?'

She grins at me. 'I can tell you need the toilet' She says, slowly, walking her fingers up the counter. 'How badly do you need to go...'

I raise an eyebrow at her. She smiles back

'April! J-just look after the till!' I beg, rocking back and forth in the chair

'How bad is it?'

'It's real ba-hnnnnn!'

A short leak escapes me and I feel it crash into my underwear, spilling out and soaking into my shorts. A drip or two hit the floor, and I know there's a wet spot now.

She leans over the till, trying to push her head as far forward as she can to see what I've done. She ends up nearly throwing herself over the till, kicking her legs up in the air and nearly throwing her skirt over her backside. She slides back, her skirt catching again on the till and nearly exposing herself.

She smiles at me

'Already a wet patch? You really are close, aren't you?'

I can only nod.

'You have some sodas though...finish one and I'll let you go!'

'April!' I hiss. There's no way I could do that!

'Drink!' she insists. I glare at her, then lean down for the half empty bottle of soda. Double checking that I've got the right one and spurting again as I do, I bring it up to the counter. She gives me a nod of approval. I unscrew the lid.

I look into the bottle. The soda reflects my eye as I look into the mouth. Gaze ye not into the abyss, lest the abyss make you wet yourself. That's how the quote goes, right? Something like that. I take in a deep breath, then I go for it!

Each mouthful is agony, and with each swallow I can feel my bladder shouting at me. It seems angry and confused as to why I'm drinking more, and I feel the same way. But if it means I can go to the loo while April watches the till for me...

I finish the last mouthful and breath out hard, slamming the bottle on the table. I wince and shudder as another wave of desperation hits me, but I tell my bladder that the toilet is just seconds away, and it seems to listen.

'D-done!' I shout, proud of myself in a weird way.

April looks impressed.

'Alright, go on!' she says. I jump out the chair and to my feet.

'Hold on' she says. 'Hurry up, I've got a taxi coming to get me soon, and I can't miss it-'

*Beep*

A car outside honks the horn. We both look over. The sign on the window nearly knocks me over. 'Goldrush taxis' It says. April turns to me and I want to scream at her. She just winks at me.

'Oops, sorry!' she says with a smile. 'You'll have to take control for now!'

I want to shout various slurs at her, but she stops me with a quick kiss. I can't stay mad at her! Not too mad anyway...

As she walks out I pull up one leg, bending it at the knee and wrapping my foot around the other.

I. Can't. Hold. Much. Longer!

'Who was that?'

Margret's voice nearly makes me jump through the roof - I hadn't heard her come up!

'That your sister?'

'N-no, girlfriend' I mumble, standing now bent over double with both hands between my legs. 'L-look, Margret...' I begin. I freeze as waves begin to hit me. Waves that can only mean one thing.

'Margret, C-could you take the....the.....th....'

I breathe in sharply and my body tenses. The world seems to stop still for a second as every muscle in me pulls tight to stop my bladder squirting. My bladder squeezes harder and harder, but the rest of my body is on my side for once! My bladder squeezes, and I pull back against it! And I win this time! My bladder stops squeezing, but I know it'll be back with a vengeance very soon!

'What's up?' Margret asks, and I don't know if she's taking the piss

'Need. Toilet.' I manage to spit out. Speaking takes effort away from my other muscles which are holding back my bladder. With each word my bladder threatens to go.

'Please. Take. Till.' I finish. I can't look up. I can't see the face she's pulling at me, but I can hear her sigh.

'I don't know why I haven't fired you quite frankly' She says to me, and I have to agree. But I'm too desperate to think about that! I NEED THE LOO!

'...Fine. Go.' she says after a pause.

'Thanks!' I spit again, and I begin to drag myself, inch by inch, to the toilets. My legs are stuck together constantly, and I'm red in the face. I'm sweating and moaning slightly as I inch closer and closer. With each inch I get closer I feel my bladder prepare for the next round of waves.

There are three tills in total, I sit in the middle till. So I have to pass one till and the office block to reach the toilets - just a straight line and a short walk, but a long and arduous shuffle. By now I've cleared the till, and I'm about to reach the office...

Not now...not now!

The waves are beginning! Oh god they're coming and I can't stop them any more!

The first wave hits. I wince but hold back. I manage to shuffle another few steps.

Second wave, a dribble, but it wouldn't be noticeable. I've already got a wet stain though so it hardly matters. I try to lunge toward the door.

Third wave! I grab the door handle and tense up hard. Once again, I pull on every muscle I have available, but I can't...can't.....hold...................back........

*FSHssht!*

A harsh hiss as my bladder wins it's first major battle and a powerful streak gushes out of me, ignoring my underwear and splashing out the legs of my shorts. It shatters to the ground and leaves a few small puddles. The relief is almost enough to knock me over, but I keep holding what I can. I can feel wave four on the way already!

I yank open the door and dash inside. Wave four hits! I struggle, I tense up, and I...

*skSSHHHH!*

Ha-aah! Haah! I can't...stop it!

Here it....comes......

*Fsssst!*

It...won't....stop!

I've already clearly started wetting myself, and it looks obvious from the outside! But I've come to far to give up now! The toilet is right! IN! FRONT! OF! ME!!!

Hnnnn!

My knees give way and I fall to them! I kneel and look through tears at the toilet bowl. I can't even resist as wave five hits me....

Hnn--

The wave hits with force, and I don't hold back. With a fierce hiss my bladder squeezes hard and a stream of pee gushes into my underwear, spraying around inside my shorts. The initial force is short lived, but I can feel it push against my knickers hard, and when it dies down I'm still peeing at full force. Pee just floods out of me, up the front and back of my underwear, and of course soaking into my pale brown shorts. My head down, I watch tearfully as clear streaks of pee cascade down my legs and pool immediately at my knees. 

Hot lines of pee streak down my thighs, front, back and insides, catching in my knee-pits, teasing my calves, and streaming down to the floor. What doesn't stick to me pours out my short-legs, splattering onto the floor and back up my thighs. I fall back so I'm sat on my feet, and immediately I can feel the warm liquid running down them. Luckily for me I'm wearing sandals, so I've no socks to soak, but pee has free reign over my feet. I feel every drip run over my soles and between my toes, and I'm totally powerless to stop them!

My arms fall limp to my sides, but with the force of my stream I've even soaked the outsides of my shorts, which brush against my hands. I close my eyes and let it happen, putting no resistance up to my bladder which revels in emptying itself after holding so much. I didn't realise initially, but I've been moaning softly with each breath out, a mix of relief and defeat. I sigh heavily as relief sweeps over me, the tingling running up my spine and reaching the base of my neck. I almost grin as it hits me, but I'm too exhausted already. It takes a lot of effort not to fall over, and I feel wobbly. My bladder seems strong as ever though, and I hardly feel close to done. I manage to wipe away some of the tears of relief and look down at myself. My bare legs glisten in the dim lamp-light of the bathroom, and the floor tiles reflect my face, blushing red, tearing up, and breathing heavily.

And slightly yellow if the reflection is totally accurate, but that might just be pee. The puddle surrounds me now entirely, branching off in one direction as gravity pulls it toward the drain on the floor. I shiver again as another wave of relief hits me, taking the wind out of me with it. I fall to the left, sliding off my feet and landing on both hands, keeping me from hitting the floor entirely. Both hands are planted in a warm puddle of my own making. At this new angle, pee runs onto my leg rather than just down it, the heat crashing over my thigh rather than spraying against it.

It trickles down between every crevice, a feeling I haven't had before, in a way that sort of tickles but doesn't make me laugh...It runs over the front and side of my left short-leg too, showing the path it takes to the ground. I feel the stream begin to slow down and the small spurt that has been landing on my leg slowly dies down until it's just trickling onto it, running through my groin and soaking over my backside instead. When I finally finish peeing, I'm a sweaty, heavy breathing mess sat in my own hot mess. I wish I could move, but I feel like the second I move my arm I'm going to land face first in fresh pee.

And so I sit in it.

For a short while I can't move at all - all I can do is breathe and try not to collapse. It's a short while before Margret realises something might be up...

'Katie?' I hear her shout outside 'Katie, what's taking you so long!?'

She pushes open the door, which blows cool air over me.

'Katie, what are y- oh.'

I can't bring myself to look up at her. I can barely bring myself to move.

'Couldn't h-hold it' I mumble.

She sighs and walks over to me, stepping outside my puddle.

'Let's get you cleaned up then' she sighs

You know, for all the shit I give Margret, she can be really kind hearted when it matters! Don't tell her I said that though. She took me up and held me stood up while I washed my hands, and she got me some clean clothes from the clothes shop next door. I mean, I paid her for them of course. I got dressed in clean clothes and she let me go for the rest of the day - granted it was only an extra hour or so anyway. I got home and went straight to April's with my wet shorts - she'd made me wet them, so she can clean them - It's only fair! I think I'll probably spend the rest of the night over at Aprils...who knows what we'll get up to!

