THE SPECIAL PILL

Author: desperate87

*000*2025-07-13 20:43

Hello everyone!! I' m writing a new fantasy story about male pee desperation and wetting that i hope you like! The protagonist is a female with a passion for male omorashi. I wrote the story by myself, but then i improved with Ai and i translated in english with ai.

INTRO- THE SPECIAL PILL

Samantha is an extraordinary woman in many ways. At just 27 years old, she has already built a brilliant career as a computer scientist, doctor, and scientist, distinguishing herself for her sharp mind and commitment to a promising future. Beyond her academic achievements, she has a deep passion for the study of hydration and its benefits for mental and physical health. For years, she has focused her efforts on studying how the body responds to fluids, with the goal of improving people's overall well-being. Her work recently culminated with a revolutionary invention: an innovative pill capable of holding the equivalent of two liters of water inside a tiny sphere.

After conducting numerous rigorous studies and trials, Samantha finally perfected the pill to effectively combat dehydration and contribute to the treatment of numerous conditions, while always prioritizing the absence of negative effects on the body. To ensure complete safety, she has integrated substances into her formula that prevent the risk of overhydration, modulating its effects based on a person's hydration level. One day, Samantha decides to test her creation on herself, a move driven by confidence in her work and a desire to better understand the results of her research.

As she swallows the pill, completely tasteless and incredibly small, she thinks back to the many years she spent perfecting it, through successes and inevitable failures. In the minutes that follow, she notices no particular changes, but after about twenty minutes, she feels a growing urge to pee, initially mild but increasing with almost exponential speed. The pressure in her bladder becomes palpable, almost overwhelming, accompanied by a compelling urge that compels her to find a bathroom as quickly as possible. Once there, she is surprised by the unstoppable intensity with which her body reacts. 

During this unique experience, she reflects on the impact her invention could have on others, both in clinical settings and in everyday life. Convinced of the potential of her creation, she decides to pursue new implementations to monitor and optimize the pill's use. Thus, she designs a sophisticated artificial intelligence, which she names Omi. This advanced tool is capable of continuously analyzing the user's hydration and providing personalized guidance on how to use the pill to maximize health benefits. However, Samantha's personal life also leads her to explore some less conventional passions.

She has always had a great interest in omorashi, a practice related to managing the urgent need to urinate. She firmly believes that the phenomenon of physical urgency and related experiences can even have potential therapeutic implications. According to the scientist, this experience allows people to confront their physical and emotional limitations, helping them accept and normalize aspects of their identity that are often repressed. Samantha thus develops a theory according to which wetting and pee desperation could be used to foster greater self-knowledge and relieve deep emotional distress. 

However, she fully understands that such experiences must be approached with caution to avoid situations of excessive discomfort or embarrassment that could lead to psychological trauma. For this reason, a special intellectual capacity is integrated into the design of "Omi": the artificial intelligence is trained to understand all the cultural, psychological, and emotional aspects related to male omorashi, including the dynamics between potential benefits and risks.

This sophisticated system is integrated with psychological knowledge and information gleaned from the web on the topic of male omorashi, including its potential positive implications but also the risks associated with possible trauma. Omi proves highly persuasive, so much so that he convinces Samantha to design smart glasses capable of assessing who is "suitable" for the pill and predicting the benefits they might derive from a minor involuntary accident. 

These glasses analyze various factors: the right timing, the person's ability to manage any embarrassment, and the potential positive impact on their psyche. Initially, Samantha is reluctant to implement Omi's ideas. However, the artificial intelligence insists, reassuring her of the interesting results that could emerge. Meanwhile, he further refined the pill by including a substance that amplifies the natural pleasure of urinating without causing addiction and that benefits the urinary system by eliminating the damage caused by holding it in too long.

One day, Samantha decides to test the glasses while walking around town. Suddenly, she receives a notification from Omi: Rick, one of her friends, is at the bar. Her phone says "SUITABLE AND GOOD TIME." Despite her conflict, Samantha feels a kind of intense curiosity; over the years, she's often fantasized about seeing Rick in a bathroom emergency. The scene strikes her as particularly intriguing because Rick is wearing orange pants that reveal his blue designer briefs.

Confused but tempted, Samantha interacts with Omi for confirmation: "Are you sure this is the case?" The AI responds with conviction: "Don't worry, Sami. My data shows that Rick has always secretly wanted to experience an extremely urgent situation, but he's never had the courage. He's a person who represses many aspects of himself, and this experience could free him from years of tension. The risk of trauma is minimal, while the benefits are considerable. To put it crudely, between you and me... at most, he'll just take a longer piss... it's all for science!" Samantha, though hesitant, lets herself be persuaded by Omi. With a mixture of curiosity and fear, she enters the bar, determined to test out what his innovative project suggests.

RICK

Rick, a 29-year-old man with a robust and muscular physique, black hair, and several tattoos decorating his arms, has been working as a construction worker for a few years now. Today, he's wearing an orange jumpsuit, ready for work with his team: they'll be building a small house located about 500 meters from a bar on a main road. After taking a quick pee break in the bar's single bathroom, Rick is tucking in his blue briefs when, on his way out, he sees Samantha sitting at the counter. Samantha, an old friend he hasn't seen in a while, is happy to see him. Rick smiles at her and approaches to say hello: "Hi Samantha, how are you? Long time no see!"

Samantha responds with a lively look: "Rick! What a surprise... Stop for a second, I'll buy you a coffee!" Although a bit rushed, Rick agrees: "Okay, but only for five minutes, I have to work." The two begin to chat about this and that, briefly sharing the latest news in their lives. Meanwhile, Rick steps away to grab a newspaper from the counter. Samantha watches him furtively and, with a quick, silent gesture, puts the pill in her friend's coffee, smiling as he drinks it unknowingly.

After a quick goodbye, Rick returns to the construction site to resume work, while Samantha moves to an outdoor table, staring at the place where the man is working. "He drank his coffee... He really drank it. And now?... will he be able to handle this emergency?... will he really need to pee?" Samantha thinks, amusedly imagining a scene that almost seems to take shape in her mind. After 10 minutes, Rick is working intensely on the wall with his colleagues when a slight but inexplicable urge to urinate takes him by surprise. "Oh... strange," he muses to himself. "And yet I just went to the bathroom. It'll be a fleeting sensation... I'll go back to the bar anyway." He tries to ignore the discomfort and continue focusing on his work. However, what seemed like a tiny, insignificant urge to pee soon becomes something uncontrollable and oppressive.

The pressure builds rapidly. His bladder fills with unexpected speed; the discomfort grows until it transforms into an unstoppable need that dominates every thought. After 30 minutes, Rick feels such a strong urge to pee that he instinctively clenchs his legs together while his breathing becomes increasingly heavy and irregular. Physical discomfort begins to manifest itself visibly: small beads of sweat bead his forehead and a look of growing agitation appears on his face.

"Oh no... Why do I have to pee so much? It doesn't make sense!....I really have to pee....and so much...why???" he thinks, trying to rationalize the situation while trying in vain to shake off the pressing need. "Oh noooo.....I have to resist... but it's really hard... I have to do it... Yes, I can do it. Ah... I can do it... I can hold on, but I really need to!!!!!" But his attempt at self-convincing offers him no relief. In fact, the sensation worsens; he feels his body becoming increasingly agitated as he tries in vain to maintain composure in front of his colleagues. Rick begins to move strangely and look elsewhere.

He involuntarily reaches between his legs, touching himself right there, and begins to move one leg rapidly while trying to hold on with all his strength. Working becomes increasingly difficult as his need becomes more and more insistent. A colleague clearly notices that something is wrong and addresses him: "Hey... Are you okay? You seem a little... uncomfortable... It looks like you need to..." Responding with growing embarrassment, Rick mumbles, "Yeah yeah, it's just... I need to go to the bathroom... I have to pee, but I'll manage." He tries to smile to hide his discomfort, but his agitation is now evident, and the urge takes over all his thoughts.

Every second seems endless and unbearable. Rick begins to frantically look around for a possible secluded spot where he can relieve himself by dropping his pants without being seen, but nothing seems to offer him shelter. There are no bushes or discreet corners; everything around is open and under the gaze of everyone present. Panic rises within him: "Oh my God... Where can I go? There's not even a hidden place! I really need to go... and the break is still a long way off. What do I do???... and the others are realizing it.... Hold on... hold on... come on... oh... I have to!!!, but I can do it....."

His need to pee grows incessantly and very quickly, too quickly. His heart begins to race, his body trembles uncontrollably, his legs move restlessly as if driven by a will of their own. A slight but constant pain in his stomach adds to the growing pressure of his bladder, now at its limit, throwing him into a state of profound desperation. Despite the urgent urge, Rick can't help but feel a strange attraction to this extreme situation. Secretly, he's always found a curious satisfaction in holding his pee to the limit, and he's also seen many of his colleagues in the same situation: even peeing in their pants in the car or while drunk, but he never thought it could happen to him...at 29 years old. 

And now, as his overwhelming need to pee becomes increasingly evident even to his colleagues, Rick realizes a crucial truth: it's no longer a simple matter of choice: he doesn't want to pee; he has to pee. Rick feels deep down that his bladder is at its limit, and that the supposed ability to stamina he'd always believed he could muster is now severely tested. For the first time in his life, he realizes he might not be able to take it, and he asks himself a disturbing question: What if I can't take it?

A thought that generates a wave of terror mixed with disbelief and even great curiosity. The very real possibility of wetting himself in front of everyone now seems dramatically real, and he knows he must make a choice. He's forced to admit how reckless he was in putting off an urge he should have addressed much sooner. With a sudden, unbearable pang in his bladder, he instinctively brings both hands between his legs, ending up with a face that shows all the effort he's put into holding all of his now enormous pee inside his body, leaving his colleagues visibly surprised by the gesture. "I have to pee...and now..." he exclaims, his face flushed with embarrassment. 

With a brisk pace and a determined but tense look, Rick heads toward his boss to ask—in a thin voice cracked with emotion "Ummm... excuse me... could I stop for a moment to go to the bar? I... I really have to go to the bathroom." Despite the enormous discomfort in pronouncing those words, he manages to carry out the request. The boss looks at him with an initially perplexed expression. "But what? Didn't we just stop half an hour ago? Can't you hold out a little longer?" he replies in an unsympathetic tone, not immediately grasping the seriousness of the situation. "I know... but... it's an emergency!... I have to pee," Rick replies, hopping on the spot with pleading eyes and visibly desperate, insistently moving one leg.

"Okay, but hurry," the boss says, granting him permission. Rick doesn't even thank him; instead, he rushes out without hesitation, walking doubled over, his hands clasped between his legs while his red face reflects his growing discomfort. He advances toward the bar, overcome by violent spasms that make him feel like he's about to lose control at any moment. Every step feels like torture; the pressure on his bladder reaches unbearable heights as he thinks, "Oh no! How stupid of me to ask so late... I can't take it anymore... I'm really going to piss myself! Come on, Rick... hold on!... I can't take it anymore... oh no... no... I have to pee... I have to... so much... oh," he thinks, walking toward his longed-for destination.

He finally reaches the bar, but that doesn't mean immediate relief: his pace slows as tremors run through his legs. He notices Samantha sitting nearby, looking at him seemingly curiously, but Rick is thinking of something else and doesn't even care about being seen so clearly desperate for a bathroom. "Um...the keys...to the...bathroom...please...," Rick asks the barmaid without even saying hello, hopping and doubled over with desperation and the fear of giving in at any moment. "The toilet is occupied...wait a minute" the bartender replies. Rick, shocked by the words, makes a truly shocked face, scaring the bartender and runs in front of the bathroom door without being able to help shaking and moving his legs, attracting the attention of the four ladies present in the bar.

"Oh noooo...no......why???....I have to pee...I've never needed it so much...I'm about to wet myself if they don't open right away...and the bathroom is occupied...what bad luck.....oh no...not again......hold on!!!......it's not possible.....why????...oh no" he thinks, jumping, struck by strong pains in his bladder.

He starts knocking on the door and says, "Please...open up.....I'm about to pee myself...I can't do it anymore...I......have to..." with a desperate scream, jumping in a very comical way. But from the other side they reply, "One moment please" and Rick, feeling the urge growing even more and despite his effort with shock, he feels a drop of urine escape, wetting his underwear. Desperation makes him lose all composure, and he jumps up and down, screaming, "Oh no... please... I have to pee... I'm... I'm..."

Rick doesn't have time to finish his sentence before a huge spasm seizes him and he feels his penis give way, releasing a huge stream of pee that soaks his skin and underwear. The pee flows into his underwear, filling him with wet heat, irreparably staining his orange tracksuit, and then drips between his legs, creating a puddle beneath him. Rick can only watch his pants get soaked, unable to stop the strong stream of pee that has been going on for over a minute. The bar falls silent, and the only sound is the drops of urine falling to the floor. Yet his shocked expression when he feels the pee coming out uncontrollably is replaced by a more relaxed one and a smile.

Rick can't deny a secret pleasure in freeing himself and in the liquid sensation he feels between his legs. He realizes he's peeing and wetting himself, unable to stop, with an overwhelming sense of relief washing over him. He lets himself go, not caring what others are thinking, and for the first time, he understands the saying: "Happiness is like peeing your pants. Everyone can see it, only you can feel the heat." Rick lets go and only when he's finished does he realize what he's just done: he peed himself...in his work overalls at 29 years old. The bathroom door opens and the lady sees a man in an orange overalls dripping with pee, with a large wet puddle underneath him. Rick, with a red face, says, "Um, sorry...I...oh...what a fool...I just couldn't take it anymore and...I peed myself..." Rick says, but Samantha interrupts him and replies.

"Don't worry...it can happen to anyone, is there anything I can do for you?"

"YES...if you could bring the overalls to the car and get me a spare one...and please...everyone...don't tell anyone...please."

"Don't worry...we won't say anything...it's happened to me too...take this bag, put your clothes in "You're dirty, and I'll give you some water to wash up," she said.

"Oh God, what a fool I look like... I'm sorry," Rick said as he closed the bathroom door, taking off his clothes and watching the bartender clean up the mess he'd made.

But as Samantha was bringing Rick the clean suit, she was stunned by the pill's effect. She thought her friend would immediately ask to go to the bathroom and hadn't considered that he might actually pee himself, and the bad luck (or good luck) of the bathroom being occupied was truly unexpected. But he couldn't deny that he'd loved seeing Rick in that state and was already thinking about other friends.

