Allegra is Reminded of the Rules

Author: dudelobowski

*000*2020-04-29 19:00

“No I don’t want to wear my diapers!” Allegra was fussy today, she got this way from time to time but I was having none of it today.

“Allegra, I don’t care if you wear your diaper or your big girl panties, but these locking plastic panties are going on no matter what. If you choose to not wear a diaper under them that’s fine, but I’m not changing you until bedtime, And if you leak on anything I’m going to be very cross.”

Allison was caught in a trap of her own making. After so vehemently denouncing her diapers, making a 180° turn and asking to be put into them was too much for her pride. So she said “Daddy I’ll be fine, just put me in panties this time.”

“OK baby this time is OK but do you remember the agreement we made?”

“Yes daddy” she said slightly dejectedly, “Diapers on the weekends panties on the weekdays.”

“I’m glad you remember the rules babygirl, so you understand that today is a no toilet day?”

Allison smiled and nodded.

“Go pick out your panties then baby girl”, she excitedly ran to her dresser and pulled out a pair of pink and white striped pair with lace around the edges. “I want to use these daddy. “

I slid them up her legs and follow them closely with the locking plastic panties. as I clicked into place I asked “Baby you didn’t use the bathroom before putting these on, did you need to go?”

The reminder seemed to pain her to her core, as she realized no she hadn’t used her diaper before putting these on.

“Oh well”, I said. “I guess you’ll just have to hold it for the next six-ish hours before bedtime.”

Allegra shrugged and went on her way. I found her a couple of hours later playing video games in front of the TV sitting on the floor, her legs were bouncing.

“Are you winning baby? Yeah she said I’m killing everybody out here!”

“Well, I noticed you hadn’t drank anything all afternoon so I brought you a glass of water please finish it right now.”

She looked at me with a a look that could have curdled milk and said “Gosh daddy you’re so mean!” and upended the class down her throat.

A quick check found that she was still dry, “for now” I thought to myself. I wandered off to play my own games, but set an alarm for myself to check on her in a half hour.

As I came back, glass of water in hand, it had been 4 hours since Allegra was confined to her plastic panties. I saw her pause the game and bend over, the struggle to hold evident in her face and in the fact she hadn’t noticed me coming.

I walked in and she jumped a bit as I surprised her, and her eyes immediately went to the large glass of water in my hand. I nearly quailed at the look she gave me, but Allegra held out her hand without a word, and downed the whole thing when I handed it to her.

I checked Allegra again and there were drips beading on the inside the plastic panties, and her underwear were not dry.

“Been leaking little one? See? This is why you need your diapers!”

“It was just a little bit!” She argued, “I had to let some out to keep holding and not leak everywhere.”

I decided to bring my computer into the living room so I could keep an eye on her while I played my games.

When I looked over next, I saw Allegra kneeling in front of the couch with her legs spread, leaning back on her elbows. Her concentration was on her plastic prison. As she sighed a bit, I saw her start letting out a long stream, which I could hear hitting the plastic and puddling up.

She spurted several times, and intently gauged how much she leaked so that it filled her panties to just below the spot where it would leak out the leg gathers. I could hear the pitch of her stream hitting the puddle getting higher and higher as they filled. Allegra let out a big sigh when she’d finished, but I could tell she still needed to go.

“ You know you won’t be able to sit down anymore with your plastic panties so full” I said from across the room.

“I know”, she said. “But at least I don’t have to go so bad, I’ll just kneel and finish my game.”

I could no longer focus on my game, I just kept watching Allegra and she continued with hers. I could tell periodically that she was leaking some more, she would get very still for a few seconds after squirming almost nonstop.

Allegra still had an hour and a half before bedtime and a change, and I could tell that her need to pee was increasing despite her huge leak earlier, and the evident puddle in her panties.

“Daddy, I still need to go, and I don’t know if I can hold it. I think I need to leak in my panties again, may I please stand in the shower? “

As she said this, I could see one small drip slowly sneaking its way down her leg quickly followed by another two or three drops. She couldn’t even put her hands to her crotch to help hold, as it would spill the lake inside her underwear.

“Daddy, it’s happening please let me stand in the shower before I leak everywhere and need a spanking!”

“OK baby girl, since you’re being so good and asking to leak in the shower you may leak for five seconds standing in the shower let’s go.”

As she slowly stood up two, three, five drops cell from her panties. “Baby girl, make sure you’re not leaking” I said in a singsong voice.

As she slowly hobbled her way to the bathroom I quickly paid a visit to the bedroom where I grabbed one of her nighttime diapers and brought it with me.

I unfolded the diaper and placed it on the bottom of the shower

“OK baby girl, stand on top of your diaper and you may leak. Anything that falls out of your plastic panties will be safely caught in your nighttime diaper!”

“You’re so mean daddy”, was her only reply but I could see the flush rising in her cheeks as she got more and more excited about the thought.

Allegra gingerly stepped into the shower and onto her nighttime diapers then looked up at the ceiling, closed her eyes, and let go with a sigh.

“One 1000, two 1000”, I could hear her counting softly under her breath stretching out the numbers as long as she dared, while an angry hissing and loud splashing, erupted from her crotch.

A river of pee ran down her legs and into her waiting diaper, about 3/4 of it made it to her padding and the rest snaked down the drain.

“Daddy I feel better, but I don’t know if I’ll be able to make it for another hour and a half.”

“I’ve learned my lesson, may I please be put into my diaper?”

“Not yet baby, I’ll reduce it to an hour but you still have to hold. “

She was disappointed, but she accepted it, especially since she really had been fussy earlier, and that long leak really helped her feel better.

I decided to be nice to her, and pressed my hand against her plastic panties, letting a long stream leak out of them and into the waiting diaper below. Lowering the “water level” quite a bit.

“There you are sweetie! Now you have room for more leaks if you have to go.”

She put a naughty finger to her mouth and I could already see another stream start refilling them a bit.

“Stop that!” I said and gave her a light swat on her behind, “That is just room for emergencies!”

After her time was up, and her underwear full again, I had her waddle back to the bathroom and step into the shower again, where I had her gingerly step out of the plastic panties. I promptly poured their contents into her night diaper.

Allegra was pouty but agreed with me that squishy diapers are better. I then added a stuffer on top of the wet padding and strapped my potty dancing angel into her bedtime underwear, which she promptly soaked. Thanks to the stuffer she didn’t leak, but her diaper was already mostly full.

Afterwards we watched a movie on the couch, cuddled up together. I felt her relax a few more times before it was over.

Once it was bedtime, I carried her up the stairs to our bedroom. “Do you want me to change you before bed?”

She just looked up at me with a sleepy grin, “Daddy, the rule is there can’t be any dry parts on my diapers to get changed. I can wear mine till morning”

Fin

