World of Warcraft - Random Short Stories (Messing)

Author: DsGSilver

*000*2017-02-28 20:01

Hello, everyone! Anyone who read any of my Overwatch stories will probably know what to expect, but for those new: I love fear wetting/messing, and there is a lot of it. While I'm only opening with the one short story here, this thread will be where I post any others I write. So for now, I hope you guys like it!

The Battle of the Broken Shore

An Alliance ship sailed for the Broken Shore. The Legion had returned, and a massive battle was unfolding there. The situation was dire, dire enough that King Varian Wrynn himself was coming to face the threat. Miriam and Lia, two Alliance knights in their full armor and colors, looked out at the pale, unearthly green glow on the horizon. After a few tours on Outland, Miriam had learned to be deathly afraid of the Legion. Lia, however, had never confronted so much as an imp. What a surprise she’s in for, thought Miriam.

People were shouting suddenly. What was wrong? There was too much noise from every direction. All the ships, all the people shouting, the waves, the sounds of demons. DEMONS?!

Strange, gargoyle-like creatures at begun attacking the ships. Some landed and entered into brutal melees with nearby soldiers, but some just grabbed an unlucky victim and flew off with them, taking them who-knows-where.

“Come on, Miriam, we have to help!” Lia shouted, as she drew her sword and shield and made for the enemy, as one of the beasts landed on their particular ship. But Miriam did not move to help. She was completely still with fear. She’d seen what demons could do to even the strongest of mortals. She’d seen how many of them there were.

As the gargoyle raked its claw across a knight, tearing his armor wide open, Miriam’s wavering control over her bladder failed. Hot urine streamed into, then through her panties, wetting them. She felt the urine flow down her toned, muscly thighs, then flowing out between the chainmail segments of her armor, loudly splattering onto the wooden floor beneath her, leaving a fairly embarrassing puddle.

Lia was still foolhardy in her bravery, and climbed atop the demon, expertly shoving her sword into its neck. It screamed in pain before collapsing to the ground, dead. Despite this victory, Miriam’s fears were not abated, for she could only think that it took half a platoon of seasoned men and women just to kill one of the beasts.

Lia strode over, a look of mild annoyance upon her face, “We could have used some help, you know,”.

“I… I know, I’m sorry, it’s just… I’ve seen what demons are capable of,”

“Then why don’t you help us stop them?”

“That’s why I’m here, but just… being face-to-face with one, I couldn’t move, I could only...” she glanced down at her puddle with shame.

Lia took notice of the puddle, too. She place an armored hand on Miriam’s armored shoulder, and with some sympathy said “you can trust me to have your back, you know,”. She gave her shoulder a bit of a squeeze, “I can trust you to have mine, right?”.

Miriam’s fear subsided a bit, “Yeah. Yeah, you can,”.

A man up in the crow’s nest suddenly screamed down to the crew, “INFERNALS! EVASIVE ACTIONS!!”.

Miriam might never have seen those strange bat demons before, but she was well acquainted with the dreaded infernals. Terrifying, towering monsters made of black rock and green, demonic fire. She looked to the sky, and sure enough, several meteors leaving fiery green trails rained from the heavens upon them. Miriam felt her bowels begin to loosen, for if an infernal crashed into their ship, no amount of skill or training would save them.

She might not have been the most pious individual, but she began to pray to the Light for safety. As she prayed, the ship nearest to theirs was suddenly obliterated in a massive explosion of green felfire. Anyone who wasn’t incinerated immediately was likely to drown, or to become food for the island’s less-than-friendly marine life. As she watched the wreckage sink, yet continue to burn in its demonic way, her bowels expelled their contents.

Her black panties bulged, and reached out until they touched the seat of her plate armor. Her expulsion was forceful, and Lia, who heard the sounds of Miriam’s release, looked at her butt to notice that Miriam’s armor covering her ass actually moved back slightly. Miriam continued pushing log after log into her armor, her attempts to regain control were utter failures.

Lia couldn’t judge her, for her own panties became wet with urine upon seeing the explosion. She didn’t fully lose control, but most certainly had a wet spot the size of a few coins on the front of her skimpy black panties. She felt a single, small trail of urine course down her right leg, making its way into her boot.

Miriam looked out at armies of demons gathering on the shores, the ones she’d be fighting in mere minutes. She was terrified beyond all recognition, but she would fight, for that is what a warrior does. And looking at the other knights on the ship, she was far from the only one who’d be running into battle in sodden panties, if all the armored feet standing in puddles was any indication.

This was going to be a long battle.

@@-----------------------------------------------------------

Lia was on fire. It was probably best to specify that she was not literally on fire, considering their opponents. No, she was on fire in the sense that she must have killed sixty demons in half as many minutes. Her armor was tattered and largely destroyed by now. Her chestplate had been discarded, leaving only a chainmail shirt covering her upper body. One of her shoulder pads had been blown away, leaving only the pad on her right shoulder, which was dented and damaged. Her helmet had been knocked off, revealing her scarred face, and long blonde hair.

She was quite the demon, herself, spitting toe-curling curses as she carved through demons like a knife through butter, and issuing terrifying war cries. Quite frankly, the loss of her armor only made her faster, not more vulnerable. Miriam’s job at this point had devolved into protecting Lia’s backside from any demons attempting to sneak up on her. Her wet legs and messy bottom were uncomfortable, still, but she ignored it for her friend’s sake.

A large felguard charged at the duo, screaming all the way. Miriam raised her shield, and braced herself for the battle. She and the demon parried and struck with wild ferocity. The felguard was obviously surprised by her strength and fortitude; perhaps they’d been promised easy conquest and were finding it not-so-easy. After a few more rounds of striking back and forth, Miriam’s sword slashed across the demon’s hamstring, bringing down into a kneeling position. With the difference in height now negated, Miriam swung, and decapitated the monster. She turned towards her friend, “Lia, did you see that?!” she shouted with pride.

Her happiness died quickly, however, as she saw Lia being thrown to the ground by an enormous doomguard. The beast roared, and Miriam felt her crotch grown warm once again. Small rivulets of pee worked their way down her legs. The demon raised its weapon up, preparing to bring it down upon Lia, who had long since discarded her shield. Realizing this, Miriam threw her shield to Lia, who grabbed it eagerly.

The doomguard brought its massive sword down, slamming into the shield. Lia was an expert at playing through the fear, but today it got the better of her. As her arms nearly crumpled under the weight of the next strike, her bladder crumpled under the weight of her fright. Warmth engulfed her crotch and ass, pooling on the ground around her. On the next hit, her bowels voided, propelling her semisolid mess into her skimpy panties, which could hardly contain it. After the next hit, more mess came out, overwhelming her (poor choice in) panties. As the mess slipped by her almost thong-like underwear and into her armor, another hit nearly split the shield in half. She was certain that one more hit would cleave the shield, and also her, in half.

The demon screamed suddenly, however, and Lia looked up to see Miriam mirroring her own trick from earlier: she had climbed upon the demon, and was stabbing it in the neck. The beasts overly-muscled arms could not reach her. With a few more gory, grotesque slashes, Miriam had all but removed the demon’s entire throat, and it finally collapsed, dead.

Miriam offered Lia her hand, which she accepted. She stood, and prepared to face more demons, but she noticed: her army was retreating. The demons were advancing. A loud, authoritative voice boomed in the distance, “Fall back! Fall back! We’re retreating from the Broken Shore!”. While it certainly wasn’t hard to understand why, looking at the incredibly massive force of demons, Lia still could hardly accept it. Only when Miriam grabbed hold of her arm and began pulling as hard as she could did Lia move.

They boarded the ship that brought them here, which had mercifully not been incinerated, yet. Only moments after they stepped foot on the ship, it began to depart, leaving anyone still on the Shore to their fate. Lia was very grateful that her armor hid her fairly large accident from the other knights. As she saw some female draenei priest whose pants had a large wet stain down the front, and a lumpy, brown bulge in the back, she was reminded that there were probably very few people on this ship who hadn’t soiled themselves pretty thoroughly.

She looked back at the island, hatefully. This time, Miriam put her arm on Lia’s shoulder, which gave some comfort. The mess that was smeared across her ass and some of her legs just seemed to accentuate the feeling of total defeat.

They would come back. She would come back. And next time, she would not lose.

&&&&

*006*2017-03-01 01:12

{{ 

11 minutes ago, Teesle said:

Is it time to obnoxiously pester you with things "I" would put into your story?

If so, you need some gnomegirls, a bitchy goblin, a feisty dwarf and at least one of them should end up in diapers

@@but for reals, if you continue writing this, make sure to make good use of all the weird sexy races in Warcraft, there is a reason blizz designs them such hyperbolicly sexy ways, liked how you put in the draenei in the end, and I don't even like them that much. All the different races having different ways to react or handle their messing and wetting would be interesting

Just one more thing, for people who are familiar with the setting you should have made clear that the ladies are actually humans, or you kept it vague on purpose, maybe ?

}}

I actually did just forget to mention that they were humans. And don't worry, I already have another story in the works involving some orcs and night elves. I do plan to make use of the other races, just thought I'd open with humans. My main in the game is a female pandaren, and I've had years to think up all the places and ways she could wet/mess herself, and her ways of dealing with it, so that'll also probably find its way into a story.

*010*2017-03-07 19:16

Just wrote up the next part, involves my pandaren and a human.

The Duel

Two warriors walked towards one another, faces stoic, knowing what would come next. A duel had been issued, and the two would battle each other with every last drop of energy they had. They had met in the tranquil forests of Elwynn, and, recognizing each other was talented fighters, resolved to test the other’s mettle.

The first was a simple human, with somewhat pale skin and long, red hair that cascaded down her back and shoulders. Like many fighters, she had opted for some… less conventional armor. Black armor covered her arms and upper chest, leaving her midsection exposed. Plate metal leggings rose up to just above her knees, then cut off. Her crotch and ass were clad in a black metal “bikini”, which was relatively conservative, as she had chosen one whose backside covered her entire ass, instead of a metal thong.. Her armor clung tightly to her lithe, fit body. She wielded an ornate, black and purple longsword.

The other fighter was an entirely different sight to behold. She was no human at all, but a pandaren; a race of humanoid panda-like people. As was inherent in her species, she had a good bit of weight to her. Her quite large breasts were actually being pressed up against her in her tight armor. Her legs and arms (and ass, for that matter) were quite thick. But make no mistake: they were not thick with fat, they were thick with muscle. Large, powerful black-and-red plate covered her from head to toe, aside from her head, which was adorned with a simple conical hat. She wielded a matching black-and-red longsword.

Both fighters held out their swords, and touched them together, signalling the fight’s start.

The pandaren was unexpectedly fast, and had closed the distance between the two almost immediately, with her blade already slicing towards the human woman. The human barely put her sword up in time to block. The sudden shock from the sheer force of the hit caused her crotch to mysteriously turn warm and wet. As the human managed to push the pandaren back, she was cognisant of two drops of urine running down her right leg. She hoped her opponent couldn’t see them.

Despite being forced back, the pandaren continued her relentless offensive, delivering overpowering strike after overpowering strike. The human had made the grave mistake of not taking a pandaren seriously. As each strike collided with the human woman’s blade, the pandaren noticed with satisfaction that a few telling drops seemed to flow from the sides of her metal bikini. She felt her own crotch grow slightly wet, but with something other than urine. The pandaren resolved to make the human fully wet herself.

In that aim, she threw a feint attack, and, when the human moved to block, the pandaren turned, and drove her weapon’s pommel into the human’s exposed gut. The woman’s left arm wrapped around her gut as she groaned in pain. She slowly came to her senses, and was vaguely aware of a pitter-patter sound coming from below her. She looked down, and, to her great embarrassment, saw twin streams of urine flowing down both of her legs, and splashing on the grass beneath her. Her pale face glowed a bright enough red to nearly match her hair. She looked angrily at the pandaren, who simply giving a smug smirk at the human’s plight.

With renewed vigor fueled by her anger, the human lunged forward, using her armor’s mobility to launch strike after strike at the pandaren, who was only able to block a few hits. Luckily for her, her armor was strong enough to withstand all the hits that landed. The human spun suddenly, and swung her blade in a large vertical arc. The pandaren jumped backwards as quickly as she could, but the blade still sliced through her hat, passing directly in front her nose, close enough to scratch it.

Both women simply stood still, panting for a moment. The pandaren’s face suddenly shifted to one of disbelief, and, upon closely listening, the human could hear why. The sound of water hitting metal was plainly heard, but hardly a drop could be seen escaping the pandaren’s thick armor. The pandaren was no stranger to accidents, and was able to instantly recognize the warm sheath that suddenly covered both of her legs, wetting her fur. One of the downsides to wearing her favorite set of armor was the total lack of anywhere for her urine to exit from. It simply filled up her boots and greaves with her shameful liquid.

The pandaren’s face shifted from disbelief to a friendly smile. The two were on equal terms again. They both readied their weapons, and charged again. Masterful strikes were met with masterful parries. Neither one could gain any manner of advantage. After what felt like hours of combat, the human’s concentration lapsed for only a moment, but it was all the pandaren needed. The pandaren’s blade made contact with the human’s sword, then suddenly shot upwards, launching the weapon into the air, far away from the human. As she looked upwards, the pandaren slammed into her with all her might, throwing the human to the ground.

She lay on her back, her whole body aching. As she began to rise, she felt the tip of the pandaren’s sword against her throat. She felt her lower body seem to quiver, and then felt her ass cheeks part as she defecated in her underwear. Her plate bikini shifted downwards as it filled with her mess.

The pandaren had a front row seat to the show, and she was quite happy with what she was seeing. Her crotch again warmed up as she saw the other woman sitting in her own mess like that. She pulled the sword away, and sheathed it, chuckling all the way. The human woman was slightly confused, even more so when the pandaren extended her arm to help her up.

“That was a fine duel, friend!” the pandaren exclaimed.

“A fine duel?” the woman asked, with a hesitant smile upon her face, “we both wet ourselves. And I… well...” she said, placing a hand on her ass and feeling the moderately-sized bulge there.

“Do you propose we would have dirtied our pants from a mediocre battle?” the pandaren countered, placed a hand on the human’s shoulder.

“No. I suppose we wouldn’t have,” the human said, giving a meaningful smile to her new comrade. She shifted her weight a little, and felt her mess squish in her underpants, “Hey, at least you didn’t… you know… in your panties,”.

The pandaren could tell that the human was still quite upset over her failure to control herself, and suddenly she knew what to do about it. “I wouldn’t be so sure about that...” she said, getting the human’s attention.

Her face scrunched up slightly, and she pushed. Soft mess slid out of her with a loud crackling noise. It spilled into her panties, which would have ballooned out to comical proportions had she not been wearing armor. Her waste flattened out, filling up the space between her large cheeks and thighs. Despite her armor’s presence, she still felt her panties slide down somewhat, struggling to hold the weight of what she just did in her pants. She breathed a heavy sigh of relief, as the human looked on in shocked silence.

The two looked at each other in silence for a moment, and then both burst out into laughter. The situation just seemed too crazy to be real.

@@---------------------------------------------------

Pandaren culture placed a pretty large emphasis on ale, and any pandaren worth their salt had plenty of the stuff to spare at any given time. This warrior was no exception. After she and the human had cleaned themselves, they made camp in the woods as the sun began to set, and the pandaren had produced many casks from somewhere of her favorite ale. The two drank, told tales, and laughed through half the night.

At last, they settled into their tent, both stripped down to their spare pairs of underwear. The human’s exhaustion took her fairly quickly, and she passed out, lying on her side, with one arm across the pandaren’s ample breasts. The pandaren, however, was not so fast to sleep. She just lay there, soaking in the moment. And soaking in something else, she realized, as her left thigh suddenly felt a hot wetness touch it. She moved one hand to her new partner’s privates, and sure enough, felt hot pee gushing from them, creating a puddle around her, and touching the pandaren.

The pandaren sighed in pleasure. She relaxed, gave a slight push, and felt her own bladder give way. The front of her panties quickly darkened, and the wetness flowed down to her butt as she lay on her back. Her sleeping bag was totally saturated with both women’s full releases. As she lay in bliss and warmth, she closed her eyes, and began to drift off to sleep.

These were our last panties… she realized, just as she drifted off to sleep.

*014*2017-03-10 06:59

Another new part! Hope you guys like it.

The Assassin

The pandaren and the human had grown close over the last several days. After their… “eventful” duel, they’d decided to travel together. They travelled through the murky Wetlands, a monster-infested swampland that nearly had all the civilization stomped out of it after the Cataclysm. The human woman, Cassie, walked a bit to her left, to be closer to her new partner. The pandaren had an appropriately foreign name, Beili (pronounced bay-LEE).

Cassie took a little break from her revealing outfit, and now wore a simple chainmail shirt and basic grey pants. The Wetlands were dangerous, to be sure, but for two veteran warriors, it shouldn’t be too hard on them. Her long, red hair hung free and loose down her back.

Beili had worn a brown jacket and white skirt that reached down to her ankles. Any normal person would have to be insane to come to the Wetlands with no armor on, but Beili was no ordinary person. Incredible muscle hid underneath her unexpectedly feminine clothing. Ask her, and she’d tell you she wore the coat and skirt because it proved her strength and fearlessness- that she had no real need of her armor. Cassie had come to suspect, however, that she really wore it because it allowed her to pee herself without anyone noticing.

If the events of their duel had somehow left any doubt, Cassie could now say with certainty that her new companion definitely had a fondness for using her clothes as a restroom; as well as making others do the same. She had so far gotten eight female fighters to wet themselves in the last five days. Four of them even soiled themselves, as well. And, as mentioned, Beili was quite fond of “losing control” herself, and would often join her opponent in wetting/soiling herself, regardless of whether or not she could actually hold it. Sometimes, just as she walked, Cassie could hear the telltale *pitter patter* of urine hitting armor, or the ground beneath Beili.

While she did not initially share in Beili’s odd kink, Cassie did accept it. Over the last few days, at Beili’s constant urging, she had tried it several times. She had to admit: she was getting used to it. The feeling of warmth and wetness running down your legs. The feeling of your own mess in your pants. She could not explain her attraction to it, but it was more than just for Beili’s sake- she had begun to enjoy the sensation genuinely. She liked peeing in her pants. She liked pooping in her pants. She wasn’t at Beili’s level of comfort, though. She could not bring herself to just… go on herself whenever and wherever. She typically reserved her “accidents” for alone time with Beili.

“Hey Cassie...” Beili began in a sultry voice.

“Yes?”

“I have to use the restroom,” she said, flashing a smile like a criminal to an accomplice.

“What creative solution do you have for this problem this time?”

“I was thinking I would pee,”

“Shocking,”

“Maybe you’d like to join me?”

“I’d love to, if I weren’t wearing pants,” Cassie said, gesturing to the garment she wore.

“Oh, don’t be a baby,”

“Says the woman who’s about to wet herself,” Cassie put her hands on her hips, “people won’t notice if you piss yourself, they will if I do,”.

“Fine, fine. I’ll wait till later,” Beili said with a pouty face.

Shortly after they finished talking, they saw something strange up ahead. Sudden, violent footprints were left in the muddy ground, heading off into a pass between two hills. The two exchanged a knowing glance, then a knowing nod. They were warriors, and they knew they’d either find a person in need, and/or a worthy challenge this way. They sprinted off in the direction of the footprints.

They arrived at the scene of the crime, so to speak. A young dwarf woman was sitting down, back up against a rocky wall. Even from their considerable distance away, they could see the massive puddle she sat in, as well as the pile of mess bulging between her legs. An orc woman, dressed in all-black leather armor stood over her, daggers drawn. The orc was getting closer. Cassie and Beili shared one look- it was all they needed to communicate their plans to each other.

They took off, one running to the orc’s right, and one to the left. While they didn’t bring their armor, they definitely did bring their weapons. Drawing their powerful blades, they both struck at the orc. She was clearly startled, and now scared out of her wits as the tables were turned against her. She managed to bring up her swords and block both hits, but she couldn’t stop the four-second-long stream of urine that gushed into her leather pants, and flowed down her legs in small rivers.

In perfect unison, Cassie kicked, and swept the orc’s legs out from under her; at the same moment, Beili drove her blade’s pommel into the orc’s face, sending her tumbling backwards. She landed on her back, and felt more urine seep into her already drenched panties.

“I fucking hate orcs,” Cassie said with venom.

As the orc woman struggled to get up, Beili was upon her, and wrapped one hand around the orc’s neck, then hoisted her into the air. The orc tried to hit Beili’s arm, but even her strong physique was no match for Beili’s might. While Beili wasn’t exactly strangling her with all her strength, the orc still could hardly breathe through her fear and panic. Her bowels expelled their contents into her panties suddenly, filling the air with a wet, crackling sound as the seat of her black leather pants suddenly expanded and bulged. Along with this mess came her urine. For whatever it was worth, her pants didn’t show the urine stains, but she could still feel it flowing down her legs, soaking her underwear, and ultimately pouring down her feet and onto the ground, which was about a foot and a half below her feet.

As Beili saw the woman completely lose control, she just couldn’t help herself. She stopped holding back the floodgates, and felt her urine spill out into her panties. The twin streams raced down her legs, and she felt her fur grow wet and warm. Small puddles formed around her feet, which grew until they joined at the center. She peed for what felt like ages.

After she was done wetting herself, Beili noticed that the orc woman had passed out. She didn’t know if she knocked her out by choking her or simply by scaring her, but one way or another, she was out cold. Beili set the woman down on the ground, then moved to help the dwarf woman, who was simply watching in astonishment.

“Are you alright, friend?” Beili asked, offering her hand.

“U-uh, aye. Thanks,” the dwarf replied, accepting the hand.

The poor thing had been too stunned to move during the whole ordeal, and simply sat in her own pool and mess for the entire duration. She blushed heavily and tried to cover the stain with her hands.

“Don’t be embarassed, friend,” Beili said, hiking up her skirt just enough to reveal her clearly wet fur, “you’re not alone,”.

“Aye, I suppose not,” she said, giving a grateful smile.

Cassie chimed in, “hey guys? What should we do with her?” She was pointing to the unconscious orc.

“Leave her. I’d say she’s learned her lesson,” Beili said.

The others were worried about letting her live, but Beili was insistent. They took some solace in the fact that she would awake to her wet and messy state.

They headed off, eager to put some distance between themselves and this area. And, they had a new friend to get acquainted with.

Edited August 31, 2021 by DsGSilver (see edit history)

*018*2017-03-13 23:00

I come bearing an update. A long one, too. This chapter is only marginally shorter than the other three, put together. Hope you guys like it!

The Hunter

The party and their new companion had made camp in the Arathi Highlands, away from the swamps and mud of the Wetlands. The dwarf had decided to stick with them for a while. It turned out she was a priest by the name of Bhalna. When she was attacked, she had wet and soiled herself, and had pretty well ruined her only outfit. Beili had lent her some green pants and a matching green/purple shirt that only barely fit the dwarf woman. Beili herself had neglected to change out of her wet panties, which were well-hidden underneath her white skirt.

Bhalna was of fairly average height for a dwarf. She had little muscle, though a somewhat bulky body. Stereotypes abounded about female dwarves not being the most attractive creatures, but Bhalna stood in open defiance of that belief. She had a perfectly clear face, and matching perfect complexion. Her black hair was tied in a loose ponytail.

“Still can’t believe I pissed meself like that,” Bhalna stated mournfully, gazing into the campfire.

“It happens to everyone,” Beili said, shrugging.

“It really does,” added Cassie.

“Still though, we’re supposed tae have more control than that. I’m a priest, after all.”

“Hey, I’m a knight and I still lost control of my bladder in about half the battles I’ve been in,” Cassie comforted.

“Like when?” The dwarf asked, skeptical.

“Well, I was fighting a tauren one time, and during the fight she got a hold of my sword, took it out of my hands, and snapped it like a twig. She just glared at me and tossed the pieces at my feet, and next thing I knew, well...” She blushed a bit, “Suddenly a puddle had formed around my boots, and the seat of my underwear had changed color,”.

“Well, you’re alive, so I take it they didn’t kill ye?”

“Nope. She moved in to finish the job, but I slid under her and-” she performed a mock punch, “right where the sun doesn’t shine!”

Beili blinked in amazement, “you punched a tauren in the-”

“Yup. She yelled, then pissed herself good. I would’ve finished her, but my sword was a little… indisposed. So I just took the chance and fled,” she admitted the last part with a little shame.

After a moment of silence, Bhalna coughed then spoke up, “don’t suppose either of ye happened to bring any drinks?”.

Beili suddenly had a twinkle in her eye. Cassie remembered waking up the first time she drank with Beili. She didn’t know if the pandaren spiked the drinks, or just distracted you till you had an accident, but the alcohol was definitely a key part of the plan.

“As a matter of fact...” Beili produced a large cask of her finest brew.

The dwarf’s face lit up with excitement at the sight of the barrel.

@@------------------------------------------------------------------------------

About an hour-and-a-half had passed, and all three women were now sufficiently drunk. Beili and Bhalna were telling jokes, and laughing hard. As Beili finished the punchline of a particularly funny joke, the dwarf woman exploded in laughter. As she was laughing, Beili looked to down to see the dwarf’s pants darkening at the crotch, the resulting puddle spreading across the tree stump she used as a seat.

Beili simply chuckled and pointed, while the dwarf woman, still in a state of overwhelming laughter, slowly looked down and assessed her situation. “I… I think that’s a sign,” she said, slurring heavily. She rose, and moved towards the tent, “time for bed,”. Bhalna walked forward, then collapsed on top of a sleeping bag.

For the first time in a little while, Beili looked over to Cassie, and found her passed out on the ground, pants similarly wet at the crotch. The stain on Cassie’s pants was several inches across, but obviously not all she had to offer. Beili smiled warmly, then picked the unconscious woman up, and set her down inside the tent, next to Bhalna. As she set her down, Cassie quietly rolled onto her side, then grunted. A look of relief washed across her sleeping face, and Beili watched the back of the woman’s pants expand as she filled it in her sleep. Moments later, she emptied whatever was left in her bladder, the dark stain spilling across her left thigh as she lay on her side.

Beili smiled in arousal and, unable to resist, placed her hand on the sleeping woman’s messy bulge. She squeezed a little, and felt it flatten out across the woman’s butt. Excitement overwhelmed her, but she had no one to… play with at the moment. She’d have to take care of the urge alone. She rose, then moved to put some distance between herself and the camp, privacy being the goal.

Her thoughts were largely disjointed and unaware in her drunken state. Oooh, here’s some bushes… were we camped that close to the big bridge? These bushes are real close to a ledge… maybe I should back up…

As she prepared to back away from a ledge that provided a multi-hundred foot drop into a watery grave, a large wolf suddenly lunged just as she turned around. Beili yelped in alarm, feeling some pee escape into her still damp panties. She jumped back, dodging the attack. Although, something was off. She wasn’t scratched or bitten, but she felt like she moving. Fast.

The gravity of the situation (pun intended) dawned on her, as she looked down and realized she was now falling, likely to her doom. Her vision was somewhat blurred, but she could still see the large body of water she was about to die in. And she could see it rapidly approaching. She screamed, and felt her bowels release. A very loud, low-pitched PBTPBPTPBTPBTP sounded from her rear, and she felt her red panties fill to the brim with mess. From the space just between her thighs to halfway up her buttcheeks, her mess spread. Before long, it had reached the size of half a cantaloupe. The back of her skirt bulged out as her ever-expanding panties impacted it.

As she scrambled for something to save her, she managed to grab hold of a large branch sticking out from the rocks. Miraculously, it supported her weight. She looked down, and saw that she still had a ways to go before she would hit the water. The fall was still very likely to kill her, so letting go was a no-go. As she was looking down, a much softer, quieter pffffffft came from her backside, and she managed to somehow push even more mess into her very full panties. The branch held, but it probably wouldn’t do that forever.

This was quite a conundrum.

@@------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A blood elf woman watched with satisfaction as the pandaren warrior, whom she assumed to be the group’s leader, fell off the ledge. The wolf that had done the deed slowly walked over to her, and she knelt down and began petting his head.

“Good boy!” she repeatedly said, as she reached into her back and produced some raw meat, which the wolf eagerly ate. As the wolf ate, the tall, slender woman stood upright, and pushed her hair back a bit. Her hair was a deep reddish bronze, and hung in wild twists and curls down to her shoulders. Her skin was a beautiful amber, and her eyes glowed the fierce green of her people. She wore a light chainmail shirt over the top of a dark green doublet. Her legs were covered with green plate around her pelvis and thighs, then chainmail armor covered the rest of her shapely legs. A large rifle was holstered on her back.

When her pet finished eating, the hunter began looking for the pandaren’s tracks. Her orc friend, Oza, had a target who received unexpected help and managed to escape. The blood elf, Syra, had found her orc friend unconscious in a pool of her own urine, with a foul mess in her poor, undeserving pants. After a long round of relentless teasing, Syra offered to help the rogue kill her target. According to what Oza had said, the pandaren was the biggest threat, and had given her a proper throttling, so it was good that she was the first to stray from the group.

After a few moments, the skilled hunter found the pandaren’s tracks, and began following them back to their camp. The ashy remnants of a campfire smoldered, and nearby a tent stood, with its flaps wide open. Are they even trying? Thought the hunter. Her wolf excitedly prowled around, then made ready to pounce into the tent on its master’s command. As the hunter stepped forward, she noticed a smell in the air: alcohol. Lots of it.

So they pummeled my friend, then had a party? She thought as she noted the many discarded bottles and cups on the ground. Then another scent passed by her nostrils. In disgust, she covered her mouth and nose with one hand as she cringed and gagged. It would seem one of them lost control as they drank, she thought, then sniffed again, Ugh, at least one.

She drew her rifle, then peered inside the tent. Indeed, two women were asleep next to each other, a human and a dwarf. The dwarf was asleep on her belly, and had a large stain betwixt her legs, reaching almost to her knees, and covering her butt. The human, however, was lying on her side, in a puddle, her left leg utterly drenched. A lumpy bulge rested on her buttocks. The sight reminded Syra of the sight of her unconscious friend, a bit.

She began loading the rifle, but looked up in alarm as a confused “wha-” came from the dwarven woman. The dwarf rolled over, and sat up suddenly, and quickly took stock of the Horde adversary in front of her. Lots of things happened in a flash. To the participants, things seemed to move in slow motion. The hunter finished loading her weapon, then immediately fired at the waking dwarf; at the same time, her loyal pet understood that combat had begun, and lunged forward, ready to tear the dwarf’s throat out; as the deadly bullet and deadly wolf raced towards her, the dwarf held her arms out, and a shimmering barrier covered both her and the unconscious Cassie.

The bullet was repelled effortlessly, and ricocheted off the barrier, causing the blood elf woman to duck quickly. She felt no small amount of shame as a quick release of urine wet her panties at the sudden event. The wolf was mid-jump as the barrier expanded, which impacted its snout forcefully, sending it flying several feet back, whimpering. In anger, the hunter moved forward, then began bashing the butt of her rifle into the priest’s shield. It had no real effect. The priest sneered at her from inside the barrier, knowing that the hunter could not get inside.

The dwarf stood up. Her legs shook and wobbled, signifying that the liquor was still choking her head. She put her hands together in a prayer formation, inhaled sharply, then exhaled a strange light engulfed her body. It wasn’t an easy technique, but it was one she had honed over many years of drinking and bar-hopping until she pissed herself. She had cleansed herself of the alcohol’s effects. This spell had a side-effect, however. The substance needed somewhere to go. It found its exit, she knew, as another wave of urine spilled into her borrowed pants. The stain that covered her thighs and butt grew, and reached down to her ankles. In her now sober state, she was able to feel properly embarassed about it.

As the dwarf finished her strange ritual, Syra fallen back a bit, and summoned her pet to her side. The priest’s barrier would only last maybe ten, twenty seconds longer. As soon as it faded, her simple shirt would not save her from a bullet through the heart. The dwarf knew it, too. She began weighing her options, but all possible scenarios ended with her being shot or eaten by a wolf. All except one, but it was a spell she hated using. As quick as she could, the young priest extended her hand, but it was not light that engulfed it this time. A thick, black and purple smoke erupted from her hand, as the priest’s eyes glowed purple.

The blood elf only wondered what was happening for a second. Then she felt it. She felt the priest in her head. Mind Control! She realized, all too late. Her brain had become a battleground between herself and the priest. She collapsed to her knees, arms and legs twitching and flailing as two entities vied for control of them. As she rolled around on her back, struggling against the mental invader, she had to forego control of some things. Her bladder emptied with no resistance, and her dark red panties quickly saturated at the front, and the wetness flowed down, leaking through her armored greaves. As she continued to thrash about in a warm puddle, her bowels had to be let go, as well. She lifted up her legs a bit, and a foul squelch could be heard as her mess erupted into her panties. The mess squished up against her armor, leaving no sign of its presence aside from the odor.

The wolf was well-aware of the sudden anguish its master was in, and it was able to see the cause of it. It also saw the dwarf’s shield dissipate, having run its course. The wolf pounced upon the woman, and tore into her exposed arm. The dwarf screamed, and fell backwards, the wolf on top of her, continuing to mangle her arm. Had she not expelled the contents of her bowels earlier, she certainly would have now.

With her concentration interrupted, the blood elf was suddenly the only one in her body, as it should be. She lied on her back for a short few seconds, panting heavily. She sat up, and felt her mess squish up against her butt. She looked down and noticed the puddle that she sat in, as well. She felt bile rising in her throat as she looked on in disgust. Then she noticed the screaming behind her. She turned around to see her loyal pet tearing the priest apart. You are gonna get so many treats, she thought gratefully.

She rose up, her legs still not fully back under her control. With the human still unconscious somehow, and the dwarf woman incapacitated, all she needed was two short trigger pulls.

@@------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As the battle was happening, Beili was still holding on to the branch. The excitement of mortal peril had worn off, and she was, quite frankly, bored. Her messy bottom was ever-present, and every movement of her legs allowed her to feel it squish up against her. To combat the boredom, she began pulling her legs up and wiggling them around, feeling her expulsion fill up every part of her panties, and cover her backside. Her fur would need a very thorough cleaning, but that was nothing new to her.

After she had some fun with her mess for a few moments, she realized: she had to pee. Pretty badly. She gave a deep sigh, and her butt and legs tensed for a second, before going completely slack. Wetness filled her still damp panties, and her streams ran down her legs. The warmth was actually pretty nice, since it was kind of chilly. She looked down a bit to notice the front of her skirt had a growing wet splotch at the front, which was flowing downwards. She gave an aroused smile and sigh. She was in bliss. She only regretted she didn’t have a free hand to help her expand on that bliss. She rubbed her wet legs together, feeling the damp fur against herself. As she felt her wet crotch and legs, and felt her messy butt and full panties, it was just too much. She was overcome with pleasure. She gasped, and felt a different liquid flow into her ruined panties.

Maybe it was the fact that she had just cum in the face of mortal danger (something she resolved to work into her new life motto), but it was the best orgasm she’d ever had.

Several minutes later, her problem still remained: she was still stuck. And she was becoming reasonably sure that her friends weren’t coming to save her any time soon. She looked around for anything she could use to her advantage. As she assessed the cliff face she dangled from, she noticed that it had several rocky outcroppings. Much too far apart for a normal person to climb, but she was no normal person (in a variety of ways). She realized that with some careful precision, admittedly, a lot to ask of a drunk person, she could use the warrior skill “Heroic Leap” to climb the ledges. Using her mighty, muscled arms, she lifted herself up on top of the branch, and felt it groan in protest. She hurried over to the base of it, where it stuck out from the cliff.

Her eyes darted about the cliff face until she spotted a nearby outcropping, many yards above her. She bent her legs, then jumped with all her might, hurtling through the air as if launched from a catapult. She landed with a crash upon the rocky promontory, and looked down to see the branch that had been supporting her fall from the cliff, and tumble into the waters below. Heroic Leap took a short while to recover from, so it was going to take her a few moments to finish her climb.

As she prepared to jump up to next ledge in line, she resolved to maybe not tell her friends that she almost died because she picked a dangerous place to try and masturbate.

@@------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cassie groaned angrily, and sat upright, too tired and inebriated to pay much attention to the mess in her underwear. She had risen to shout at Beili and Bhalna to shut up so she could sleep, but stopped with her mouth open when she saw Bhalna being attacked by a wolf, and a strange, gun-wielding blood elf walking towards the pair of them. She reached to her side, grabbed a weapon, and stood up. She nearly collapsed from the effort, but managed to keep her feet. She turned, and quickly kicked the wolf in the side as hard as she could, forcing it off of Bhalna, and then charge the hunter.

Syra held up her rifle, and blocked Cassie’s strike. In fact, the hunter’s rifle didn’t just block Cassie’s weapon, it shattered it into several pieces. She looked down in shock and confusion to see that she had grabbed not her sword, but a stick. As she reflected on this error, her vision was suddenly occupied by the fast-approaching butt of a rifle.

Meanwhile, Bhalna quickly scampered away from the wolf, turned, and pumped it full of holy, vengeful energy. The wolf wailed in pain, then fell. She didn’t think she killed it, since she could barely focus enough to launch an attack through the pain of her ruined hand. She looked up to see the hunter brutally beating Cassie with her rifle. She prepared to lob some kind of spell forward to help, but noticed something behind the hunter, and resolved that it was probably unnecessary.

The hunter drew her weapon back, ready to drive it into the human again, but as her hands shot forward, she noticed the rifle was no longer in them. She turned around slowly, just in time for the rifle to be swung like a club and impact her in the gut, sending her flying several feet away. Beili had returned. The blood elf woman slowly sat up, gut screaming in pain. She looked up to see the pandaren levelling the gun at her head. It would appear that they did not intend to show her the same mercy they had shown Oza. She was overcome with fear. Her eyes were open wide, and anything in her bladder and bowels that hadn’t escaped earlier did now.

A thrown knife sliced through the air, and crashed into the barrel of the rifle, causing the pandaren to miss the shot. A familiar rogue appeared from the shadows, dropping a flurry of smoke bombs around the camp. In the camp, she hastily grabbed Syra and her pet wolf, and used her stealth to help them escape.

When the smoke had cleared and the threat had gone, the three women took stock of what had happened. Bhalna set to work healing her hand, and Cassie’s mangled face. After only a few moments, they both sported only light scars. Bhalna was a talented healer indeed. She was also on the verge of tears, and visibly shaking. In her panicked, shuddering voice, she recounted what happened to Beili, who quietly embraced her in a hug, neither woman minded their wet and messy states too much.

Once everything was said and done, Beili could stand no longer. She fell down onto her sleeping bag, and her exhaustion took her. Cassie had simply been beaten unconscious, so she wasn’t going anywhere. Only Bhalna remained awake, looking up at the stars, lost in thought. It was hard to have meaningful thoughts to yourself when you could feel your urine-soaked pants clinging to your thighs, but she managed.

I shouldn’t have used mind-control… she thought to herself. She had always hated the spell. She hated using it, and she, like everyone else, despised having it used on her. She looked between her two friends, and felt comforted. She would let them sleep, and in a short while, she would rejoin them in it, as well. She didn’t think that the Horde were going to try anything again tonight.

*020*2017-03-16 08:33

{{ 

7 hours ago, LivingInfinite said:

I'm still enjoying this! Any plans to revisit Miriam and Lia?

}}

They'll get some love sometime soon, don't worry.

*021*2017-03-16 20:51

Hello again! Time for another update.

What Happens in the Tavern...

It was safe to say that Lia hadn’t exactly taken the defeat at the Broken Shore well. Miriam and Lia were in a bar in Stormwind City, and Lia was downing another tankard of ale. Miriam had stopped keeping track of how many she’d had, simply watching with worry as her friend drank her problems away. Lia finished her drink, and slammed it down on the counter, giving a hearty sigh. She called the bartender over, and demanded another. Miriam reached into her pack, and produced several coins, which she handed to the bartender in payment.

“Lia, you’re burning through all my money,” Miriam said, half concerned and half agitated.

“Not my fault soldiers get paid so-” her sentence was interrupted by a small, drunken hiccup, “-little,”.

Miriam sighed, then continued to sip out of her first drink, which she hadn’t finished yet. The two were off-duty, and decided to spend some time together. Miriam didn’t know that that was Lia’s way of saying “let’s blow all our money getting wasted,”. She had even dressed nicely for the occasion. She wore a long white dress that left her well-muscled arms exposed. Her shoulder-length brown hair tied into a bun. Lia wore a greyish blouse and loose white pants. Her long, blonde hair was left free and unrestricted, cascading down her back.

Miriam heard a familiar sound. The sound of trickling water. She checked herself, and confirmed that she was dry, then looked to her friend. Lia was leaning forward with her head resting on the counter. Liquid was running down the barstool she was sitting on, and Miriam could see that the butt on Lia’s white pants was turning wet and ever-so-slightly yellow. The urine covered her butt and some of her thighs, but most of it just ran down the barstool and formed into a large puddle beneath it.

“Really, Lia?” Miriam asked, disappointed. Typically, Lia was the one out of them who didn’t wet herself. She guessed alcohol had a funny way of changing the natural order of things. Miriam stood, the began lifting her friend to her feet, “Okay, it’s time for us to go,”.

“B-but my drink...” Lia said mournfully as her friend escorted her out of the tavern.

Miriam began sadly checking her wallet, and seeing how much of her money had been spent on booze, and failed to notice the shadowy figure approaching them. She heard a sudden, choked gasp, then an angry woman’s voice yelling “Gimme that wallet!”.

She turned in alarm to see some human mugger was holding Lia, and pointing a fairly low-quality knife at neck. Lia was struggling a little bit, but she was also basically unconscious, so the mugger didn’t really have to try to hard to keep her grip on her. The mugger spoke again, “Your friend’s already wet herself, she’s so scared, you wanna join her? Gimme your wallet now!”.

Miriam began looking the mugger over. She wore a tattered linen shirt and and ripped, blue pants that only reached just over her knees. Her exposed arms had very little muscle on them, and the woman looked rather ragged and hungry. Miriam, with an angry look on her face, walked towards her, holding out her wallet.

As the mugger reached forward with the hand that held the knife, trying to grab the wallet as well, Miriam suddenly threw it into the air. The mugger looked up in alarm, and failed to notice Miriam’s foot flying towards her knife. The powerful kick launched the weapon out of the mugger’s hand, and she dropped Lia onto the ground as she reeled back and held her hurt hand in the other.

Before she could try and run, Miriam drove her forearm against the mugger’s throat, and hoisted her up against the wall. Miriam was many inches taller than the mugger, and the act of lifting her up brought them to eye-level with one another. The mugger began futilely kicked her legs against the larger woman, but nothing was breaking her grip.

“You think you can try and rob me and my friend?!” Miriam shouted, leaning in close to the woman’s face.

“No! No, I-” The mugger was crying now.

“You think you can hold a knife to my friend?!”

“No! No, please! I don’t!!” The woman began sobbing in fear, and her bladder started to empty. The crotch of her shorts grew dark and wet, and the warm stain began spreading quickly down her legs as she peed forcefully into her panties and shorts. The pee began splashing noisily onto the ground that was half a foot below her feet.

“Hey, Lia, looks to me like she’s ‘wet herself, she’s so scared’, think it should stop there?” She asked, even though her friend had long since passed out.

The mugger just looked at her, confused. “Come on, you know what I’m talking about,” Miriam said. The mugger frantically shook her head. Miriam pressed harder on the woman's throat, “shit your pants, too!”. The mugger stare back at her, eyes wild with fright and confusion. “You’re scared, aren’t ya? Prove to me that you’re scared, and that you learned your lesson, and I’ll let you go,”. The mugger seemed to understand, but was being hesitant. Miriam leaned in close again, “If you don’t fill your pants, I’ll just have to guess that you’re not scared, and that you’re still a threat. Then I’ll have to beat the crap out of you and turn you in to the guards.”

That got her attention, as the woman began nodding enthusiastically and saying, “Okay! Okay! I’ll… go on myself...”.

“You’ll what?”

“I’ll...”

“I can’t hear you!”

“I’ll poop in my pants!” the mugger shouted desperately.

True to her word, the mugger closed her eyes and scrunched up her face. She lifted her legs up slightly, and began pushing. Truth be told, she was scared. She was really, truly, horrifically scared of the taller woman. Her mess started coming out, but stopped. Her blood ran cold. She had no doubt that this woman would beat her up if she didn’t do this. With that motivation, she pushed hard, and her waste shot out of her, into her panties. Her black panties filled up with her release, and bulged out considerably. Just to make sure the other woman could tell that she’d defecated on herself, she pushed harder. Even more slid out, and the warm, sticky bulge grew to nearly twice the size of a large apple.

The smell drifted by Miriam’s nose, and she could tell the mugger had had enough. She back away, and the mugger slid down the wall, landing in her puddle, and on her butt. The bulge flattened out across her backside with a slight squelching noise. She was gasping for breath.

“Alright, I think you’ve learned your lesson, now get out of here,”.

The mugger didn’t need to be told twice. She stood up, and half-ran, half-waddled away, out of sight. This was a night she would not soon forget. Miriam hoped she didn’t traumatize her. Truth be told, she was never going to beat up the mugger or turn her in, just like she heavily doubted the mugger would’ve actually hurt Lia with her knife. She just wanted to make sure the mugger had some motivation to turn away from this lifestyle before someone less forgiving got a hold of her.

Not to mention, after the bitter failure at the Broken Shore, it felt pretty nice to be totally in control of a situation.

When the mugger had totally disappeared from sight, Miriam lifted up her semi-unconscious friend, and set her up on her feet. And, with her arm around Lia’s shoulder for stability, began walking home.

After several minutes of walking, Lia spoke, “Hey Miri...”

“Yes?”

“Is there an outhouse or a bathroom anywhere close by?”

“Ummm, I don’t see one,”

“Okay, then. I can’t hold it anymore, so...” She grunted a bit.

“Wait, what? No don’t-”

Her plea was interrupted by a low, muffled pffffffffft that ended with a disgusting, wet, sklrtch sound. The seat of her white pants bulged out a few inches, and the area of and around the bulge began turning brown as the woman’s only semi-solid mess flowed into her formerly white pants. Her already wet butt was now yellowed with urine and browned with mess. The brown stain continued slowly but steadily spreading across her bottom.

“Ahhhh, that is so much better, Miri, thanks,”

“I… I didn’t do anything, Lia,” she said, exasperated.

“Nah, you saved me from that guy back there… thanks, Miri,”

Miriam was mostly surprised that she’d been awake for that.

Then, suddenly, Lia leaned in and hugged Miriam tightly. Miriam struggled initially, not wanted to get the other woman’s mess and urine on her own clothes, but Lia hugger her hard.

“It means a lot, Miri. You know I’ve always-” she was once again interrupted by a hiccup, then continued, “loved you...”

She’s always what?

Edited August 31, 2021 by DsGSilver (see edit history)

*023*2017-04-02 08:15

I don't think I'll have it up right away, but I am working on another story for this thread that should be up with a day or so, hopefully. So for anyone still interested, stay tuned for more messy adventures.

*024*2017-04-02 10:27

Then again, what do I know? Here's the new chapter, hope you enjoy! It looks like the formatting may be a little off to me, and I don't know why it won't let me fix it, so hopefully that won't wind up looking too bad.

The Plot Thickens

The moon rose high over the verdant Arathi Highlands. A young orc woman, clad in some less-than-concealing leather garments, was tracking a night elf that had been spotted in the area. The elf was supposedly alone, and was said to be almost completely unarmed. These factors, however, somehow had not caused her to be killed or captured. An orc and a tauren had opted to do the job, and hunt her down.

The orc’s green skin was confidently shown with her outfit. A leather harness covered a simple linen that only covered her breasts, leaving her midriff and arms bare, her abs and muscles proudly on display. Her legs were covered only with simple, tan pants that were ripped off right at the knee. Some boots with fur poking over the top adorned her feet. Wild, uncombed hair flowed from her head down to her shoulders. Two axes rested at her sides.

Her tauren comrade was covered in downright frightening, purple armor. As was Horde tradition, the armor’s shoulder pads were immense, and covered in blades. The rest of her armor lacked the flair and blades of the shoulders, but certainly was not anything to scoff at. Considering the cow-woman’s already tremendous stature, the armor only served to make her more threatening.

The touren silently pointed towards the ground, getting the orc’s attention. After a moment, she realized what was amiss: hundreds of flowers had bloomed on the ground. While flowers were not uncommon here, these ones were strange. They were abnormal colors and shapes for Arathi.

“What are you thinking?” the orc asked, in her grumbly voice, “Druid?”

“Druid,” came the tauren’s tacit response.

Druids were known to heavily influence nature around them, and night elves were known to be druids. The fool either hadn’t known she’d left a trail, or hadn’t cared. Either way, she would regret it.

@@------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ashiana was kneeling down, in a small clearing between a few, sparse trees. While many would see this as a very uncomfortable way to sit down, a fellow druid would recognize her action: she was communing with nature. Something here had upset it terribly, and she was intent on fixing it.

Ashiana was, by any standard, beautiful. Her skin was a pale purple, and her hair was a deep teal color, and hung halfway down her back, perfectly straight. Druidic emblems were tattooed on her face in dark purple ink, which was otherwise completely unmarked. Her body was thin and lithe, as well as quite fit. While she was no warrior, she could boast a physique that was a fair bit stronger than most individual’s. Her breasts were a good deal larger than an average woman’s as well. Green robes with blue streaks covered her from collar-to-toe. She wore no shirt or pants underneath.

Her communication with the world around ended abruptly, but not without good reason; the trees and leaves warned her of approaching attackers. Most would flee when they heard that killers were coming for them, but Ashiana did not budge. The orc found her in her kneeling position. Moving as quietly as possible, she snuck up upon the unsuspecting woman.

As she raised her axes in the air, a sudden, explosive gust of air erupted from the kneeling elf, launching the orc away. She landed on her ass, and hard. She felt a few spurts of pee slip out of her as she slowed to a halt. The elf turned around, regarded the orc with contempt, then waved her hand. The orc wondered what the gesture meant, but suddenly felt as though the air was heating up around her. The heat reached blistering levels, and the orc leapt back in panic.

None too soon, it seemed, for the area in front of her was suddenly struck with a lance of orange, unbelievably hot solar energy. The attack lit up the forest around them as though it were day time. Only charred earth remained where the beam had struck. The orc felt something fail inside of her, then wondered why her crotch had suddenly become so warm and wet. She looked down, and gathered that she had peed herself, judging from the twin trails of wetness that were still flowing down and expanding on her pants legs. She clamped down, and tried to keep the rest of her urine in. Orcs were proud, and for a warrior to wet herself in fear was a shame of the highest caliber. She was mildly successful, and only emptied her bladder about halfway.

As she struggled to think of an approach to take down this foe, she saw that her tauren friend had finally caught up with her. She had been foolish to charge in alone. The night elf turned around abruptly, not at all surprised about the tauren’s presence. As the tauren lifted her massive warhammer into the air, the elf gave a simple, dismissive flick of her wrist. A pinkish-blue bolt of magic the size of a small child was propelled at incredible speeds towards the tauren. The bolt slammed into her chest, and the energy rippled outward. It tore into her armor, disintegrating it completely. She screamed as the energy flowed through her, before collapsing to the ground, landing on her back. Only the tauren’s simple, brown underwear remained, along with a few pieces of her armor, here and there.

Both Ashiana and the orc were able to watch as the unconscious tauren shamefully wet herself, the hot liquid soaking the fabric of her panties. The wetness spread downwards, drenching the tauren’s backside in wetness. They both heard a sound not unlike the sound of feet trudging through mud and looked down to see the tauren’s panties were expanding at the seat, muck coming to occupy the space between her ass and tail. As the tauren continued to fill her underwear with both kinds of waste, the night elf turned sharply back to the orc, who felt more pee escape as the woman looked at her.

The elf flicked her hand towards the orc, who brought up her hands to cover her face, blushing as she felt more urine begin to run down her already wet thighs. She awaited searing pain or death, but nothing came. She cautiously opened her eyes, and was alarmed to see several vines and roots erupting from the ground around her. She tried to move, but felt the tendrils entangle her body at several locations; a root wrapped around her right ankle, a vine grabbed hold of her left arm, another vine entangled her midsection. The tendrils pulled hard, dragging her down to her knees. She struggled, but their grip was far beyond even her substantial strength.

Ashiana began walking towards the trapped orc. The orc woman abandoned the prospect of holding on to her bladder as the elf approached. Urine forcefully sprayed out of her, the wet stains on her legs quickly growing in size. Her pants couldn’t hold the urine alone, however, and a stream fell from the woman’s crotch onto the ground below.

“If you’re quite through going to the bathroom on yourself...” the elf said in… orcish? She knew orcish? “I have some questions,”.

“Please, just don’t hurt my friend or me, I’ll tell you whatever you want-”

“This area is rife with something… unnatural. Have you seen anything such as a warlock, shadow priest, or some manner of necromancer?”

“N-no, I haven’t,” the orc answered fearfully.

“Are you sure?” the elf replied, threateningly.

“Yes!”

Ashiana was not pleased by this answer. The orc felt the tendril’s grip begin to tighten; at first to uncomfortable levels, then to unbearable; then to dangerous as she felt the life being crushed out of her. She struggled to speak through the pain, and was gasping for breath. Ashiana raised her nose in disgust as she heard the woman begin violently voiding her bowels into her soaked pants. The orc was barely even aware of the large mass that had suddenly occupied her panties, even the bulge they created in her pants was enormous.

Ashiana allowed the tendrils to loosen, and the orc began desperately speaking “T-two assassins! Tried to attack some Alliance, they had a priest!!”.

“Did they? I will have to pay them a visit. Where?”

“S-s-southwest of here!”

“Excellent. You stay here and see if you can achieve the continence of a five-year-old. When your friend wakes up, she can get you out,”.

“Wha?” the orc murmured as the night elf began walking away, leaving her bound in vines and roots. She finally noticed a foul smell in the air, and wriggled her butt back and forth, recoiling in disgust as she felt her still warm and squishy mess settling into her panties. She hoped her friend would awaken soon.

@@------------------------------------------------------------------------

The sun was high in the sky, now, and Beili, Bhalna and Cassie were travelling to the north. A silence had settled for a few minutes by then, so Bhalna decided to break it.

“So Beili...”

“Hm?” the pandaren answered curiously.

“Why did ye decide to side with the Alliance?”

Cassie turned towards Beili and said, “Actually, yeah, I never asked you that, either. Now I’m curious,”.

“Well… I’m not really hardcore Alliance, I just decided to go with them, in the end. I like the Horde, too. I was in my homeland of Pandaria when the Alliance and Horde first appeared. Long story short, my attempts to talk to them peacefully failed, and they captured me,”.

“Did they actually?” Cassie asked, skeptical, “Or did you let them?”

“I was curious who they were, and I didn’t want to begin our relationship with bloodshed. I was hoping to talk my way out of it. Anyway, they put me in this cart along with several other Alliance women they captured. Most of them had wet themselves when they were captured. Some wet after, ‘cause they couldn’t hold it. Two of them had pooped, as well,”.

“Is this really crucial information, Beili?” Cassie asked, chuckling a little bit. Her friend’s candor about her… tastes was still a little strange to her.

“Probably not. The fact that I got excited and decided to pee myself while I was in the cage is also not crucial, but I’m telling you anyway. I was wearing one of my dresses, and it soaked through and totally wet the backside of my dress. I can go into more detail if you’d like...”

“I vote nay,” said Bhalna quickly.

Beili chuckled, “Well, the Horde were bringing us somewhere to either kill or imprison us, but some orc mage saw us in the cage, and told them to let us go. Naturally, they refused. The orc was incredible. She ripped the other Horde to shreds, then let us go. She was telling us that ‘this isn’t our home, and we can’t behave like it is,’ among other hero lines. Just out of curiosity, I followed after the Alliance women, and I loved the sight of their proud, organized towns. They were honorable and noble, and though I’ll always remember that Horde mage who did the right thing, I just decided Alliance was right for me,”.

“Sounds like a fun time,” said Cassie, visibly off-put by the notion that the Horde could be okay people.

Having run out of clean clothes over the last few days, Cassie and Beili had resorted to wearing their armor, while Bhalna was stuck in her borrowed green pants and shirt, which had a fairly obvious stain between her legs and on her butt, indicating what she had done about a day and a half ago. Cassie and Beili felt bad for her, but they had no more clean clothes to lend to her.

The party passed into a large thicket of trees, the sun largely blocked by the forest canopy. “Say,” Bhalna began, “Where exactly are we goin’?”

“Eastern Plaguelands,” Beili answered nonchalantly.

“Eastern what?” Bhalna asked in alarm, “Why?”

“Kill undead,” Beili answered, just as calmly.

Bhalna kept her eyes to the path in front of them. She liked her new friends, and she would love to help them, but… undead. She hated undead. The dwarf jumped at the sudden squawking of a bird, causing her to lose a little pee in her panties. She looked up to see a peculiar horned owl watching them. Really watching them. Like, staring intently. It kind of freaked her out.

As they passed it, she heard it squawk once again, followed by a strange, ethereal noise. The whole party turned around to see that the bird had morphed into an odd night elf woman, sitting on a branch.

“Uh, hello?” Beili said, cautiously.

The elf seemed to be focused on Bhalna. The dwarf felt her bladder threatening to spill under this woman’s fiery gaze.

“Dwarf. Are you a priest?”

“Aye?” Bhalna said slowly.

“Then it is you,” Ashiana said, hopping down from her branch. She extended her arms as she did so, and her roots and vines burst from the ground, and wrapped around Bhalna and Beili, who weren’t fast enough to avoid them. Cassie, however, managed to leap out of the way just in time. She drew and swung her blade, cutting the tendrils holding Bhalna in place.

“Bhalna, run!” She shouted, “We’ll take care of her!”.

Bhalna was hesitant, but decided to listen to her friend, and sprinted further down the path. Cassie attempted to free Beili, but was suddenly knocked backwards by a blast of golden energy to her chest.

“Cass!” Beili shouted, as she struggled against the vines. The more she struggled, the harder they pulled. She felt her armor imploding around her. She felt the vines pull with enough force to crack metal, yet she did not relent. As she yanked and pulled, the force of the crushing vines, coupled with her own exertion, caused her to lose control of her bodily functions. Hot pee gushed out of her privates, wetting her panties and the insides of her thick armor. Amidst the noise and chaos, it was barely audible, but Beili knew that a loud pbtpbtpbtpbtpbt meant she’s done something else in her armor, as well. Her bowels pushed a considerable load into her panties and armor. As she tried harder and harder to escape the vines, more and more came out of her. Her panties overflowed, and she could feel the mess collecting around her thighs as her panties could hold no more.

While Beili attempted to escape from her entrapment, Cassie got back up, and ran in a zigzag pattern towards the druid. As she swung her large sword, the woman’s body shape changed once more, this time into a bear. The sudden, surprising change caught Cassie off guard, and her attack missed completely. Ashiana swiped her mighty paw under Cassie, knocking her off her feet. As she hit the ground, Ashiana brought a paw down in a powerful stomp right on Cassie’s gut.

Foul noises accompanied a sudden, explosive release of mess as her stomach was hit. Cassie’s skimpy metal bikini and the underwear below filled to the brim with hot, semi-solid waste. Ashiana’s enhanced sense of smell was assaulted by the foul odor now present, but there was no time to think about- her prey was escaping.

Just as Beili finally tore through the roots and brought her sword down in a crushing blow, Ashiana jumped forward, changing forms once again into an owl, and taking flight. She soared towards Bhalna. Beili looked worriedly at Cassie, but knew that she had to chase after the others.

Bhalna looked behind her to see an owl on her trail. The owl flew close, hovering slightly over the fleeing dwarf, and then shapeshifted once more into a fearsome tiger. The tiger landed atop Bhalna, who fell face-first into the dirt. She heard it growling, and whimpered as her bladder emptied, re-wetting her pants and creating a sizable puddle between her legs. The crotch and front of her pants were bathed in liquid warmth.

The tiger suddenly took the form of a night elf woman again, and spoke, “Honestly, why does everyone always have to flood their pants?”

“What do you want?” Bhalna asked, fearfully.

“Now that I’m close, I can sense it… the same power that twisted the Emerald Dream long ago is present in you, dwarf. You are a shadow priest,”.

“No! No, I’m not!”

“Silence! Your existence is an affront to nature, and a mockery of life! I will take pleasure in ridding the world of you foul-”

“Hey bitch!” Ashiana heard from behind her. The pandaren woman was charging towards her, full speed.

Ashiana stood quickly, and launched a pinkish-blue bolt at the warrior. Like the tauren, the energy coursed throughout her body and armor, causing immense pain and cracking her armor into pieces. Unlike the tauren, however, the pandaren woman did not stop. As her armor fell apart around her, even as her very thoroughly soiled undergarments were exposed, Beili kept charging. Ashiana was taken aback, and Beili’s mighty fist slammed into the night elf woman’s face, launching her backwards.

The druid was lying flat on her back, unmoving. Beili was not satisfied, however, and moved to stand over her. As the pandaren drew closer, a gust of wind exploded from the druid, forcing Beili to halt her advance. When the torrent subsided, the night elf stood once more. Before she could cast another spell, Beili sprang forward, and delivered a devastating punch to the elf’s gut.

The elf called down another burst of sunfire, creating a pillar of solar energy between she and her assailant, and turned to flee. She was aching horribly, and could only limp away slowly. As she moved, she felt something strange… liquid was running down her legs, and splashing loudly at her feet. When she noticed the warmth at her crotch, she realized with shame that she had lost control of her bladder in her fear.

She turned around to see the pandaren had caught up to her. Beili swung hard, another horrifically powerful punch aimed at the elf’s face. She stopped the blow just before it reached Ashiana, however. This did not stop Ashiana from relieving herself in her clothes even more. A squelch heralded the fall of her bowels, as a large log was ejected into her panties. It folded as more and more poop found its way into her underpants, and her shaking legs finally gave way as she fell backwards, landing with a wet squish.

“If we’ve reached an understanding...” Beili, intimidatingly, “I’d like to ask you some questions...”

*026*2017-04-03 05:28

So I don't know why it decided to embolden all of the text, but I'll try and not fuck up the formatting next time.

