The Cursed Girl

Author: Debo

*000*2024-10-14 14:51

This story will follow the tale of a young woman named Ali who offends the spiteful goddess Zinara and is left with a horrible curse as a result. Some chapters will contain messing content, these will have a warning listed at the top of them so it can be avoided for readers who wish to only read the wetting content. Some spoiler tagged images will be included with each chapter to augment the narrative.

This first chapter is the prologue, and the origin of how our poor heroine becomes cursed. If you want to skip the messing content, Chapter 2 is wetting only and you can start the story there.

###

Warning: This chapter contains Messing Content

Chapter 1 - The Curse

Ali lay on her stomach on Sister Galvana’s bed, flipping through History of the First Empires for the third time this week. It was a dry and boring read, but she needed to study if she would have any shot of acing the Academy entrance exam next month and being able to study the arcane arts in the city.

Ali didn’t own many books and her village didn’t have a library, but the Sisters of Zinara at the nearby temple had been kind enough to let her read through everything they had in their possession, in exchange for some help around the temple with simple tasks. The sisters kept a great deal of literature here. Even after setting aside the many less than useful religious volumes, there were still plenty of other tomes which she could study from. Often, Ali would spend entire afternoons at the temple before rushing home to the small house she and her father share for supper.

Today, the sisters were out in the village, helping with something the town council had planned, so Ali had the temple almost entirely to herself. She had found herself a quiet, comfortable chamber, free from all disturbances to her study.

Well, almost all disturbances.

Ali’s stomach had been bothering her on and off since the morning, and here in the sister’s chambers the pressure had built up to an uncomfortable level. Thankfully, no one was around, and so Ali had been alleviating the pressure as she read all afternoon. Laying there on Galvana’s cot, her long blonde hair resting halfway down her back, Ali had been casually breaking wind each time the need arose as she read through book after book. Her white cotton panties that she wore beneath her green plaid skirt muffled the sounds, but the odor emanating from her ass betrayed what she had been doing.

Spoiler

My god, this room stinks. Thank goodness no one is here today or this would be embarrassing..

As she flipped to the final page of her current chapter, she felt another rumble in her belly. Lifting her cheek slightly, Ali relaxed and prepared to let out some more gas. To her horror, she instead felt something solid emerging from her sphincter.

Oh fuck! Did I just poop?

Ali rolled off the bed and jumped to her feet as she threw the book down on the bedding. Nearly soiling her panties on Sister Galvana’s bed had snapped her out of her state of intense mental focus and drew her mind back to the pressing needs of her body. Standing there, something didn’t feel right, and she wasn’t quite so sure that she had managed to stop herself in time to avoid fouling her pants. Ali pulled her skirt up quickly to inspect her white panties underneath, checking to see if she had done the unthinkable.

From the outside, they looked fine. But Ali thought she could feel a tiny bit of mess pressing between her cheeks. She wasn’t sure if it was just in her head, or if a small bit had actually broken off when she clenched her cheeks shut instinctively.

She was about to inspect further, when she noticed the clock on the wall. She had been so focused on her study that it was half an hour after she had planned to leave.

I need to get back to town. The sisters will be returning shortly.

Her stomach grumbled again, reminding her of her unfinished business brewing downstairs.

Actually, fuck that. I need to get to the bathroom! Shit, why isn’t there one in the temple?

The temple was situated in the middle of a lake outside of town, with a single long bridge connecting it to the shore. The only problem with building a temple in the middle of a holy lake is that with limited space to build, you have to make certain sacrifices. For whoever built this temple, bathrooms apparently didn’t make the cut. The closest bathroom was in the temple outbuilding, across the bridge and a few minutes down the road.

Ali grabbed the book she had been reading and took it back to the shelf. As she walked, she was becoming increasingly more aware of something nestled between her cheeks.

That’s so gross.. could it just be sweat? I really hope I didn’t have an accident..

After returning the book to the library shelf where she had taken it from, Ali retraced her steps back towards the main temple hall where she had entered. Her plan was just to make it back to town and find herself a toilet. She wanted to inspect her pants again, but wouldn’t do so without the privacy needed to actually remove them fully and see what she had done. She was hopeful they were clean, but in the back of her mind she couldn’t help but think she may have accidentally let just a little bit out there in Galvana’s room.

As she rounded the corner to the entrance hall, a voice caught her attention.

“Ali Dear, is that you?”

It was the Matriarch. The old, blind sister who presided over the temple and led their gatherings. She was leaning on one of the pews, holding the handle of a mop next to a bucket full of soap and water.

“I was hoping you were here today. My old body isn’t what it used to be, would you mind mopping up this hall before the sisters return in the next hour?”

For a second, Ali considered saying nothing and trying to just sneak past the old woman. The Matriarch was completely blind after all, she couldn’t be certain Ali had even been here today. However, being blind had seemingly heightened her other senses, and with the hurry Ali was in to leave, she had not been quiet as she approached.

She probably knows I’m here. It would be too rude to ignore her.

It was too late to try to sneak out, and even so, offending the Matriarch might mean the end of the deal Ali had struck with the temple. She needed their library to study, and she was supposed to help out with things like this.

“Yes Ma’am, it’s me.” Ali said meekly, “Were you just mopping up in here?”

The Matriarch’s face curled into a warm smile as she responded.

“Oh I just barely got the mop out, and I already needed to sit and catch my breath. A young woman like yourself will do a much better job at this for sure. Can you clean this up for me? You can tell me all about what you studied today.”

Shit. So much for getting out of here quickly.

To make matters worse, Ali felt another gurgle in her stomach. The pressure to fart, or worse, was starting to build up again and she would need to deal with it soon.

I can’t dare let out more gas now though, not after that last incident..

“Yes Ma’am, I’ll just quickly clean the floor before I head out for the day. Let me get that mop from you..”

As she took the mop and bucket from the old woman, Ali felt her guts groan, like they didn’t agree with her call. Scanning the large entrance hall, she judged this would not be a quick job. She made for the first row of pews where the Matriarch had left off and began the task. Dipping the mop into the sudsy bucket, drawing it back out and making little circles on the tiled floor to wipe away the dirt and grime.

Each time she dipped the mop into the bucket, she felt pressure build on her bowels. Before, she knew she needed a bathroom, but now she was becoming distinctly aware of how pressing that need was. The weight in her gut felt like it lagged behind her as she moved, and her little accident from before wasn’t helping to keep her mind away from her need. She could feel something down there between her cheeks and it made her hyper aware of her own nether regions in an uncomfortable way. It was as if the small piece of poo that had already escaped her was signaling her body the go ahead to release the rest of her load.

“Everything alright Ali? You’re awfully quiet today.”

Ali’s attention shot back to the blind priestess, still seated at the same pew.

“Oh, yes Ma’am. I’m fine, just a little sleepy that’s all.”

The Matriarch chuckled a bit and said, “Well that’s to be expected, you’ve been burning the candle at both ends of late with all this studying. What did you study today?”

“More history of the early empire, I expect a lot of that to show up on the entrance exam”.

“Again?” Asked the priestess, “Well we are a patriotic country. I suppose you’re correct that this will be a heavily covered topic.”

Pulling the mop from the bucket to begin on the next tile, Ali felt another surge of pressure. Her anus began to quiver as she felt her load shifting downwards in her bowels.

Oh fuck. I need to go..

Seemingly oblivious to the poor girl's distress, the Matriarch continued to chat away.

“Did you study the Great War at all? I suspect the military would be something you’ll see heavily in that section. I might have another book on the topic hidden away if you’re interested.. ”

Ali opened her mouth to answer, but she said nothing. Her entire willpower was being used to fight the battle with her aching anus. She clenched her hands tightly around the handle of the mop, and pressed her cheeks together with all the strength she could muster. After what felt like ages, the pressure subsided once more and she gained enough control to answer the Matriarch’s question.

“Oh yes, I did read up on that. My father said the same thing.. About that subject probably being on the test.”

Reaching the far side of the room, Ali surveyed her progress in her head. She had only mopped the length of one row of pews in the five or so minutes she’d been out here so far. Under normal circumstances she’d be halfway done with the room by now, but she had to pause every few steps as she shuffled down the aisle, letting out small silent farts.

Fuck me. This is going to take me another half hour at this rate.

She wasn’t sure if it was from all the farting or the little accident from before, but Ali was aware of a slight smell following her around as she worked. Good thing the room was big, so she was pretty sure the Matriarch hadn’t caught a whiff of her yet. Still she worried that the old woman might notice something was off, so she tried to head it off.

“Ma’am, do you mind if I just work in silence for a bit? I do really enjoy your company, it’s just I’m in a hurry and I want to keep focused on cleaning up before I head out. I'm running late for supper.“

She felt a little bad for asking the old woman to leave her alone as she worked. Normally, Ali wouldn’t have minded talking as she cleaned. She was a natural conversationalist and truth be told it didn't distract her from her work. However, with each passing minute she was becoming more and more desperate and she was worried she wouldn’t be able to hide it for much longer amidst a conversation. The cracks in her voice would betray her, and she'd be forced to admit her humiliating predicament to the head of the temple.

The Matriarch didn’t seem to mind though, she just said, “Of course dear, don’t let me keep you from your work. I’ll be over here if you need anything.”

"Thank you Ma'am," Ally breathed with a sigh of relief as she hunkered down to complete her task as quickly and efficiently as possible.

With five rows of pews to go, she didn’t have time to do as diligent a job as she normally would have if she wanted to get out of here clean. Still, she made sure to at least make an effort. Reaching the far side of the room from where the matriarch was seated, Ali once again felt a wave of desperation wash over her.

She could feel her poo pressing against the inside of her weak hole, begging for release. Her anus had begun to quiver involuntarily each time she lifted the mop, as if even that slight exertion might be enough to send her over the edge. She stood there paralyzed, clenching her cheeks together and grimacing, waiting for the pressure to subside.

After a minute, she regained composure and continued down the row. Reaching the end, she wiped a bead of sweat from her forehead and looked back at the rest of the room.

One more row and then I’m halfway done. I just need to hold it in for another ten minutes and I can get out of here.

That might’ve been wishful thinking. As Ali worked her way back across the room on the third row of pews, the Matriarch seemingly heard her coming back towards her side of the chamber and spoke out to her.

“Is everything okay Ali? Not feeling sick are you? You normally clean up much faster than this and you’re always more talkative”.

As Ali began to reply, she felt her ring begin to pulse again, as another wave of desperation caught her off guard mid-sentence.

The mass inside Ali snaked southwards once more, knocking at the door. This time it didn’t subside like before. She stood frozen in horror as she felt her anus start to widen and the tip of the log poke it’s head out just a little bit. She strained with all her might to try and force her anus shut again, but it was no use. Try as she might, she could not reverse its slow trajectory. As she mumbled an incoherent answer to the old woman’s question, she felt her shit slowly inching its way further past her hole.

“Oh noth .. Nngh.. nothing wrong... just sleepy like I said… Nngh.. I’ll be done soon…”

Oh fuck! I’m actually going to shit myself! I need to finish this cleaning quickly and get to the bathroom before it’s too late!

After what felt like an eternity squirming in place, her desperation subsided again. If she wasn’t sure about the state of her underwear before, she was certain now that there was going to be some damage. To make matters worse, she now had to clean the area directly around the Matriarch, before she could finish up the far half of the room.

“Promise me you’ll get some rest, girl,” the old priestess said, ”Seems like you need it.”

“I will Ma'am'', said Ali as she carefully shuffled past the old woman. As she moved, she clenched the tip of the poop that had escaped between her cheeks, trying to will it back inside. As she walked though, she thought she felt the log within her continue its slow descent out ever so slightly.

Oh god, I hope she can’t smell that.

Only a few feet from the Matriarch, Ali struggled once more to stop herself. She wasn’t sure how long she had before she could no longer keep from just shitting her pants. She moved slowly and focused on not letting the poop slide out any further than it already had. Despite her best efforts, she still felt a little more of the log emerge. The motion of mopping was not helping. Each time she bent to dip the mop into the bucket, the poop seemed to make headway on its escape plan. At last though, Ali reached the end of the third row and stopped for a moment to catch her breath and assess the situation.

She still needed to clean three more whole aisles, and cleaning the next one would have her walking right by the Matriarch again. After that, the remaining pews were far enough away that Ali could probably safely hide her desperate state from the priestess.

Even if she could get past the old woman without her noticing Ali’s considerable desperation, she still had half the room left to mop. She might not be able to hold on that long, let alone the walk back to town.

Shit! I really have to go badly now, I need to finish this already! I’m a grown woman, I can't just shit my pants!

After a brief pause, Ali felt comfortable enough to press onwards again. Her shit had stopped its slow advance for the moment. Before she walked back by the Matriarch once more though, she felt she needed to inspect her panties for damage, if only for her own peace of mind that there was still no evidence of her in progress accident.

Lifting up her skirt with one hand, she reached and gently felt the seat off her ass, hoping against all odds that nothing had escaped. Her face flushed red. As she pressed the cloth of her panties in, she felt a solid mass nearly the size of a plumb nestled in the seat of her pants. Mortified that it had gotten this bad, Ali tried to convince herself that it was still not very visible. If she got out of here quickly nobody would find out about her little accident.

Spoiler

Fuck! I’m actually shitting my pants! I need to get out of here, so I can still make it to the toilet in time to avoid total disaster..

She started down the fourth row. As she moved, she once again began fighting bouts of desperation. Each time she fought them off, but each time her shit inched even further out. She could feel it pressing against the cotton of her panties now, but it was almost a relief to Ali. Despite her sinking feeling that she was going to have stained her panties beyond salvation, there was simply no room for the poop to go further. This made holding it in considerably easier. For a moment she let her aching sphincter rest and let her underwear do the all important job of holding her load at bay. With this new technique aiding her, Ali managed to quicken her pace along the row, feeling hopeful she had regained control over the situation.

Oh thank God, I might actually make it out of here without completely soiling myself.. Even if I’m touching cotton right now…

Ali wasn’t too far past the Matriarch at this point when she heard her speak up.

“Ali dear, do you smell something?”

Ali’s face went beet red and she felt tears starting to form in her eyes. She was certain she was about to be discovered.

Fuck! How could I think she wouldn’t notice? I walked right past her.. I should have known the smell would be obvious..

In her carelessness, Ali had been relying on her discovered underwear hack too much as she moved through this section of pews. Unbeknownst to her, her poop had started to very slowly coil in the seat of her panties as she mopped.

Ali pulled herself together and tried to sound surprised as she lied to the Matriarch.

“What do you mean? I don’t smell anything.”

“Really? It absolutely reeks here, dear. I guess it might be my heightened sense of smell, but there's something foul in the air!”

Ali quickly moved away from where the matriarch was sitting trying to distance herself. She hoped whatever smell she was exuding would dissipate if she left the area.

“I don’t notice a smell, Ma’am. Maybe something from outside?”

As she moved, she noticed her panties felt like they were in a considerably worse state than before. Stopping safely on the other side of the chamber, she discreetly pulled her skirt up again to check if her mess had become noticeable. To her dismay, an even larger sized mound was now clearly visible from her rear. The waist band of her panties had stretched to accommodate her accident and left her with an almost exaggerated bunny tail like lump between her cheeks.

Oh god, it stinks! That’s definitely more shit than I noticed before! I must’ve let a little more out when I was doing this section..

The Matriarch sniffed the air vaguely facing Ali’s direction, and then wrinkled her nose.

“It smells like dung.. that’s what it is. Ugck! That’s foul… ”

Ali’s face burned red. She was sure she was about to be discovered and subsequently chastised for pooping her panties by the head of the temple, then she would be kicked out without any hope of returning again.

Choking back tears of embarrassment, Ali managed to get out a quick, “I smell it now too, Ma’am. I think it's coming from outside. I'll close these windows.”

There was no way she’ll believe that excuse when it's obvious the real smell is the girl walking around with a load in her pants…

Ali let out a quiet sob as she clutched the mop. The Matriarch was going to figure out what happened. The smell was horrible, and Ali couldn’t play it off as anything other than what it was. There was no denying what she had done any longer. It was only a matter of time before the matriarch wandered over and located the small mound of poop in Ali’s panties.

It was clear at this point that Ali had pooped herself, even if she was still in denial about it. She was still struggling to hold back the rest of her load, still hoping beyond belief that she might make it to a bathroom somehow.

She was mortified, she had never had anything like this happen to her before. As a fully grown woman and an aspiring student at the academy this was simply unthinkable. She couldn’t think of what to do so she just started mopping the rest of the row of pews while quietly crying and waiting for the matriarch to come catch her.

But to her surprise, the Matriarch didn’t follow her over to the other side of the room and call her out for having an accident. She just stayed where she was seated at the pew, wrinkling her nose and waving a hand in front of her face in an attempt to rid herself of the smell. She must have bought the excuse and was waiting for the smell to dissipate.

Thank god the Matriarch is blind, at least she can’t see what I’ve done or it’d be obvious! She must be suspicious, but if I can get out of here quickly then maybe I can hide the evidence before anyone truly knows what I did?

Even with the substantial load of shit in Ali’s panties though, she still was wracked by more desperation. The first log was apparently only the start, and she could feel more poop peeking its way out. As she mopped, the poop inside her continued to snake out further into her pants every so often, coiling against the mess already in her pants.

Ali needed to leave now, but she couldn’t just go without at least giving a quick wash to the rest of the floor, that would be too obvious. The matriarch would put two and two together and realize that the horrible smell was almost certainly the reason for Ali’s abrupt leave. Ali hoped if she finished cleaning first and left normally she’d have no reason to suspect her.

But in her current state, Ali could barely move with how desperate to go she was. There was no way she’d be able to finish cleaning the room before the other, non-blind, sisters returned and immediately realized what had happened. Ali needed to deal with her desperation now, while she still had time to finish cleaning and leave without attracting more suspicion.

There was only one solution, and Ali didn’t like it but she knew what she needed to do.

I need to finish.. messing myself.. so that I can move freely again.. I can’t believe I’m even thinking about this..

Ali struggled to admit to herself even now that she wasn’t going to make it to the bathroom. Even in as bad a state as she was in, part of her still thought she’d be able to regain control and salvage some semblance of dignity. That wasn’t going to happen now though. She was in the middle of a full blown accident.

I already have a pile of shit in my pants.. Holding the rest at this point is not saving me any pride..

Resigned to her fate, Ali leaned the mop against the pew and moved into the farthest corner from the old blind sister. She took one last deep breath and then prepared to do something she’d never imagined herself doing in a million years. Pressing a hand against the wall to brace herself, she squatted down and hiked her skirt up above her undergarments. Then she clenched her teeth and gently pushed.

I can’t believe I’m about to do this..

It didn’t take much effort, Ali had been slowly shitting herself for the past ten minutes already so her body was ready to give in. Still, it felt wrong to give in to her needs in such an extreme way. As she awkwardly squatted in the corner, her log pressed against her previous mess and soon her pants started to tent out beneath her as she finally gave in to her needs.

Spoiler

I just took a dump in my pants.. What the hell was I thinking?

Ali hoped the Matriarch couldn’t hear the faint crackling sound that seemed to go on forever as she filled her pants. It was so relieving to finally empty her bowels after fighting for so long, Ali couldn’t help but grunt involuntarily. By the end of it, Ali’s underwear was sagging with the full weight of her shameful deed, but thankfully everything was still contained. She leaned against the wall breathing heavily. The smell was bad before, but it was even more obvious now that she had relented. Anyone could tell at a glance what she had done.

The desperation gone, Ali quickly finished mopping this side of the room. Even with a big load in her pants, she moved much faster than before. She didn’t dare mop anywhere near the Matriarch, there was no way she wouldn’t recognize what had happened now if Ali waddled by stinking to high heavens.

Oh well, good enough I guess. At least the room is mostly clean.

“All done here, heading out” said Ali, practically speed walking out the door, not waiting for a reply.

Outside the doors, Ali’s face reddened with the sudden realization of what she had done. It was as if now that she wasn’t battling her own body she could finally think clearly again. As she walked towards the bridge back to the mainland, she started crying quietly.

I just shit myself.. I shouldn’t have given up like that and went in my pants.. I’m so stupid! I could have held on a little longer until I finished my work.

Then, to make matters worse, she saw the faint silhouettes of the sisters returning from the village on the other side of the bridge.

Ali froze. She had only a minute before the sisters would reach her and discover her shameful deed. The evidence was too obvious to hide, especially on the narrow bridge crossing to the island.

Fuck! They're going to see me!

She quickly ducked behind the side of the bridge out of sight, and peeled her soiled panties off, being careful not to get any shit onto her clothes. Her panties were absolutely ruined and sodden with a stinking mound of shit. Fighting back tears, Ali dumped her excrement into the lake and then tried to wipe her ass off as best she could with the outside of her panties, before gently tossing those in as well. Then she quickly washed her hands in the lake and stood up, brushing her skirt down just as the sisters were approaching the end of the bridge.

She was sure she still smelled bad, and when she got home she’d need to wash herself properly, but Ali put on a strained smile and greeted the ladies as she passed them quickly.

Only saying “Gotta run, I’m going to be late for supper!” as she passed them quickly.

She thought she saw the nearest sister wrinkle her nose as she passed, but no one stopped her or made any remarks other than wishing her a good evening.

Inside she was dying, but she felt as if she had just maybe salvaged her reputation by escaping detection. She repeated to herself in her head a positive message. She was okay and she was going to move on from this.

No one knows. It’s okay, no one knows. It’s over now.

The only problem was, someone did know, and not just anyone, the powerful goddess Zinara. Zinara keeps a close eye on this lake, as it was one of her most wondrous gifts to the world. Disposing of soiled panties in her holy lake, Ali had committed the most heinous of sins.

The act deeply angered Zinara. How should this girl be able to despoil her lake and escape without even so much as a simple chastising? No, Ali’s problems were not over. In fact this was only the beginning.

That night, as Ali lay asleep, Zinara appeared beside her and laid a foul curse over the poor girl. From this day forth, Ali would be doomed to relive the embarrassment she avoided this day a thousand times over!

Chapter Art

Spoiler

*001*2024-10-14 15:49

Chapter 2 - Exam It had been a stressful three weeks since Ali’s accident at the temple. She was still horribly embarrassed by the event, even if time passing had made it sting a little bit less. At first, she had been scared to even return there, thinking that the Matriarch or one of the sisters on the bridge may have realized what happened. Thankfully though, none of them seemed to have noticed, or if they did they didn’t speak of it. Still, she’d had no choice but to return. The temple was still the only place nearby which had a suitable library to study from.

The Academy entrance exam was fast approaching, and that meant Ali had pushed her preparation into overdrive in the last few weeks. Every waking minute she was either working at her father’s bakery, over at the temple studying, or doing her best to run through some practice questions her father had managed to procure from a friend in the city.

Now, it was the morning of the day they needed to head out of town. Everything was planned well in advance, but it felt more real now that it was actually happening. Ali’s father was happy to close the shop down for the day, and the two of them had already arranged travel with a family friend who owned a proper stagecoach. The plan was they’d all spend today traveling up to the capital, and the next morning Ali was to report to the Academy main hall for the test.

Now, with almost no time left to study, Ali had to hope that her preparation would be enough.

The exam was four parts, covering literature, math, history and arcanum - basic magical knowledge. As most arcane knowledge was a closely guarded secret, Ali was hoping that the last section wouldn’t be too technical, but it still made her nervous since it was hard to know what to study for. To compensate, she poured a ton of effort into making sure she’d do well on the other three sections. The exam required an 80/100 to pass, and if you scored below that, you were not eligible to take the exam again for a whole year.

If I can’t make the mark this year, I don’t know if I would have the willpower to spend another whole year studying again..

The whole thing had Ali feeling quite anxious. She felt prepared, but she couldn’t help shake the feeling that she was a bit out of her league. She was from a small farming village, most of the people here didn’t have aspirations beyond taking over their family farm one day.

Her nerves made her a bit restless, but far worse than that she seemed to have developed an embarrassing new stress response which had been making her life difficult for the past few weeks.

It was the weirdest thing. One moment she would feel perfectly fine, then suddenly she’d realize she had to pee so badly she’d quickly be on the verge of wetting herself. She wasn’t sure if it was just in her head, or if all the stress was making her bladder spasm, but it had already led to a handful of embarrassing moments where she couldn’t stop fidgeting for fear of peeing herself.

So far at least, it hadn’t actually happened though. She always managed to run off to a nearby bathroom before it was too late. She did have some really close calls, the worst of which had happened a week ago when she was tending the till at her father’s bakery as he ran an errand.

She would often watch the shop for her father. It was an easy job and she could read or study when there weren’t any customers in the store. On this occasion, the store had been quiet so Ali was working through a practice problem when a customer came in. She put her work away, took her position behind the counter and just then realized she needed to pee.

Ali couldn’t run off to the bathroom with a customer there, so she resolved herself to hold it until he left. This started proving more difficult than she thought it would be though, and almost immediately she found herself involuntarily squirming behind the counter.

Fuck me, why did the first customer decide to show up now of all times?

The man took an inordinate amount of time to decide on which pastry to purchase. By the end of it Ali wanted to give him one of each of the options he was considering, just to get him out of there. She had been writhing behind the counter for five minutes doing her best to keep her upper body still as it was visible over the counter. As she rocked slightly back and forth, she snuck a hand discreetly under her apron to hold her crotch as she waited.

Pick your damn cupcake already!

The customer eventually did decide which one he wanted and Ali went to retrieve it from the display case for him. As she placed it on the counter though, she felt a quick spurt of pee escape and dampen her panties.

Ignoring it, she moved quickly to the till to take his payment. Apparently determined to be the slowest customer ever, the man insisted on counting out his change exactly, one coin at a time from his purse. Ali could do nothing but stand behind the counter clamping her legs shut tightly as she felt another few small spurts of piss start coming out, followed by a slightly longer stream which went on for a few seconds before she managed to regain control again.

Spoiler

&&

Oh God this is taking forever! I’m going to piss myself!

After he finished paying and headed out the door, Ali started speed walking over to the bathroom, hands jammed into her crotch beneath her apron. When she reached the toilet, she ripped her pants down and let out a huge sigh of relief that she had made it in time as she sat and peed for what felt like forever.

She could tell that her panties were now wet from her close brush with disaster, and worse still when she pulled her pants up there was a big wet patch on the front of her tan trousers from all her leaking. She wanted to grab a change of clothes after she finished up in the bathroom, but to her surprise another customer had arrived and so she had to go help them. Thankfully, the apron covered the front of her crotch so no one could notice her wet spot. Still, Ali was a bit embarrassed walking around with wet panties that afternoon.

That had been the only incident in the last three weeks which required a wardrobe change. Since then, Ali had been getting better at recognizing the signs she was going to need the restroom, and was being very proactive about going when she had the chance to avoid more situations like that.

Maybe I’ve been so distracted by my studies that I haven’t noticed my needs. Like that day in the temple..

Trying to set that intrusive thought out of her mind, Ali went to gather her bags before she and her father met up with Mr. Pictor, the family friend who was taking them up to the capital in his stagecoach. Pictor and Ali’s father had grown up together, and he had been happy to take the two of them up to the capital for Ali’s Academy exam.

The ride up was long and uneventful, although Ali did have to hop out on more than one occasion to relieve herself in a bush. Mr. Pictor was more than accommodating though, and never once complained about the frequent stops during their travel.

“Once you’re a big fancy mage you need to come back to the village and pay me and your dad a visit. I could use some magic to help out with some projects, you could enchant my barn door so the damn foals stop kicking it open“.

Ali smiled. Pictor was a good friend, even if his understanding of arcanum left a lot to be desired. Underneath the surface though, Ali was worried what would happen if she failed her examination. Everyone was rooting for her, but she was still so unsure about everything.

They rolled into the capital just as it was getting dark. The city was so much larger than their village, and for Ali it was her first time seeing it. Massive stone walls surrounded the inner city, but many buildings had been constructed outside of them as the city grew in size and people needed more places to live.

The inn they stayed at was one such building, a dodgy looking place named The Pelican, but the food was good at least. Her father asked her if she wanted to explore the city some before getting to sleep, but Ali wanted a full night's rest before her big exam.

The next morning, Ali woke up early and got herself a cup of tea from the barkeep downstairs. She wasn’t hungry, so she didn’t eat any breakfast. Her father and Mr. Pictor made plans to meet up with her later in the day after her exam, but the three of them walked into the city center together first.

Once inside the walls, Ali was even more impressed with the scale of everything. The city seemed to stretch on as far as the eye could see, and there were tons of people out even this early in the morning. After asking an official for directions, the trio made their way over to the King’s Ward where the Academy was located, along with other government buildings. Here, the buildings were tall and made with the same stone the outer walls were constructed from. Intricate carvings and filigree decorated their walls, and large windows let light spill in from the street. Small parks and fountains dotted the walkway, intermingled nicely with the larger buildings.

The capital is so pretty. If I get accepted into the Academy then I could live here and experience it to its fullest!

The group found the main building after a little searching, and after going inside, encountered a woman in blue robes who was checking off names from a list. Catching Ali’s gaze, the woman spoke to her.

“Hello Miss, are you here for the Academy exam this morning?”

“Yes. I think so,” Ali stammered a bit nervously.

“Well, you have a bit of time to kill, we won’t seat anyone for another hour, after which there'll be a bit of time where we explain the expectations and then we’ll begin. I think you’re the first one here today actually. What is your name, young lady?”

“I’m Ali. I didn’t know how long it would take to walk here from the inn. ”

“Oh that’s quite alright,” answered the woman, “There’s a lovely little coffee shop across the road you could go to while you wait. I’d offer to let you stay in the hall but we can’t let anyone in until we have a proctor in there, and they have yet to arrive.”

Before Ali could answer, her father chimed in.

“That’s a great idea, Ali. Let’s go grab a coffee together and then me and Pictor will head out and let you focus on your exam”.

The mage hadn’t lied, the little coffee shop was nice. The owner was a friendly gnome who had an elaborate distillery system set up behind him. Ali wondered if it was just for show or if it actually served a purpose, but the coffee was quite flavorful even if it was a bit on the expensive side.

“Once you get into the academy, you could come here after your classes and get a cup of coffee with your new friends,” her father said, taking a sip from his mug.

If I get in to the academy.. let’s focus on that first

Ali admired her father’s optimism though, even if he was celebrating too early. Soon afterwards, he and Mr. Pictor wished her luck and said their farewells, and Ali sat alone in the coffee shop nervously bouncing her leg waiting until she could head back to the Academy main building.

When she returned to the building, there was a small group of young people gathered around outside waiting to get in. Apparently the proctor had just arrived and they were preparing the hall now.

Nobody was talking much. Everyone seemed focused on the task at hand.

There will be time to make friends later. Who knows how many of us will even get in?

After a few minutes, the door to the hall swung open again and the woman in blue robes emerged.

“Hello everyone! I’m Madame Lafaille and I’m one of the instructors here at the Academy. If you will all be so kind as to enter the hall and take a seat at any of the desks we can get started shortly.”

Everyone shuffled into the room quietly. Lafaille’s cheery demeanor had not managed to ease the tension much apparently.

Ali followed the group and took a desk over on the side of the room, towards the front. She took off her sweater and hung it over the back of her seat to claim it as hers before filing into line behind the students to get their instruction packets from the proctor.

“The test is broken into four different sections. Each one will last one hour and we will have three minute breaks in between them.” Lafaille announced, “No one can leave the room for any reason after we begin. We take cheating very seriously, and have a zero tolerance policy. If anyone has questions, ask now before we begin the literature section.”

One girl raised her hand and asked about bathroom breaks.

“Like I said, no one can leave the room for any reason until the test is complete. We’ve caught people trying to cheat during breaks before so we no longer let anyone out of this room as an extra precaution. If you need to go now before the test starts I can have someone escort you.”

The girl looked relieved at that last statement, and quickly accepted the offer, following another robed figure out of the room.

Maybe I should go to the bathroom too. Just to be safe.

Ali was about to ask Madame Lafaille if she could also go, but before she could, a boy asked another question. By the time it was answered, the escort had already left with the girl who wanted to go to the bathroom.

It would be rude to ask now and make them send another person. Also I don’t even need to go pee. I should be fine until the test is over.

After a few minutes, everyone was seated at their desks and no one had any other questions. The proctors started walking through the aisles, placing tests on peoples desks face down as Madame Lafaille explained the first section.

“This is the literature section. You will have selected readings to read through and answer questions about the text. There are 25 questions, each worth 1 point. Remember, you only have one hour, so make sure you pace yourself accordingly”.

And with that, she produced a large hourglass from her robes and placed it on the table at the head of the room.

“If you finish early, please sit quietly at your desk or review your work. You may now begin.”

Ali flipped her exam over and turned to the first page. Her nerves were still bothering her but this was a section she expected to be one of the easier ones. She was a great reader and could read through the selections quite quickly, which should leave plenty of time for the questions.

The first reading was a poem, and Ali had even read it before now. She sped through this part and was very confident in her answers. After that, there was a longer reading which looked to be a piece of fiction. The story was delightful, and for a moment she almost forgot she was taking the most important exam of her life and just was happy reading. She reminded herself that she needed to focus though, and made sure she selected good answers for each of the comprehension questions.

Half an hour in, Ali was almost done with this part of the test. She only had a single excerpt left to do, and four questions to answer about it. She was feeling confident as so far everything had been easy. Taking her time to make sure she didn’t miss anything, she marked her last answer and saw she had over a quarter of the time left to just double check everything.

Done with her furious rush through this section, Ali finally relaxed for a moment and surveyed her surroundings. Almost everyone was focusing on their tests, it seemed Ali was one of the first to finish this section. Remembering Lafaille’s instructions, Ali went through and made sure her answers looked good and then sat back to wait for the time to run out before the next section would begin.

Sitting there with nothing to do, Ali started to become aware of a growing need to pee. When she had been working, her mind was distracted, but now she couldn’t help but think about it.

Shit. I should’ve gone before the exam started. Why can’t I think about anything other than peeing?

For a moment she started to envision herself having an accident in the middle of the hall. Squirming a bit in her seat, she tried to shake the thought from her head.

It’s just nerves. It’ll pass. I need to stay focused on doing well on this exam.

After another ten minutes, Lafaille called time and the proctors came around to collect the exams. Some students looked like they hadn’t finished everything and were still frantically circling choices as their exams got scooped up.

The next section was math. This one Ali was less confident about, she would need to focus and manage her time well here.

As soon as Lafaille flipped the hourglass, Ali immediately began on the first question. This section was definitely harder than the first, and there were several questions Ali was completely unfamiliar with. Additionally, despite her mental focus being spent almost entirely on the problems she was solving, her need to pee was becoming more of a problem too. In fact, she was struggling not to let it distract her from the test.

Her bladder felt full to bursting, and as she worked she crossed her legs over each other tightly and rocked back and forth in her seat a bit. She kept putting one hand underneath the table to press her against herself discreetly under her skirt.

Every few minutes, she’d have to stop what she was doing and fight off a wave of desperation as she squirmed in her seat. Still, she managed to answer all the questions she knew how to before the time expired.

“Alright everyone,“ said Lafaille, “The next section will be history. Please allow the proctors a moment to distribute the new tests and then I’ll begin our timer again.”

Ali sat there squirming in her seat. She felt like she might not make it until the end of the three minute break, let alone the two hours left of the examination.

Maybe I should ask if I could go to the bathroom with an escort? She said that wouldn’t be allowed, but I really need to go..

As she squirmed around, Ali grabbed her sweater off the back of her seat and tied it around her waist. If worse came to worst and she started leaking, maybe the sweater would be a little absorbent if she tucked it underneath herself, certainly better than the wood of the chair.

She was holding her crotch under the table when a proctor set a copy of the history section down on Ali’s desk and saw her fidgeting under her seat.

“Hey, what are you doing? Do you have notes under there?” barked the proctor.

This got the attention of some nearby students, and startled Ali. She probably came across looking guilty, but in reality she was just terrified she would wet herself in front of everyone.

“Stand up, girl.”

Ali slowly stood, removing her hand from her groin, and felt for a moment that she would almost certainly pee right then, but she managed to contain it. She was too dignified to shove a hand in her crotch in plain view of everyone watching so she just stood there with her legs pressed tightly together, bouncing one knee, hoping she would not be the center of attention for long.

The proctor examined her desk for notes. Seemingly satisfied that there was no cheat material under the desk, the proctor turned to Ali and saw her legs squeezed together. She must have looked guilty to him, since he said,

“Why are you standing like that? Are you hiding something?”

“No sir, just nervous. Can I sit back down now sir?” she asked.

"That's ok, just move your hands away from your lap and stand still for a minute so I can make sure you're not concealing something and then we can get back to the test."

Pulling her legs apart to stand normally was painful, without them squeezed shut her need was considerably worse. Ali tried to act calm, but she winced as her bladder cried out in distress at this exertion. After a arduous thirty seconds, the proctor relented.

“Sorry about that. I didn’t mean to make a scene. Please don’t put both your hands under your desk like that again though, it looks very suspicious.”

I almost leaked when he made me stand up like that. There’s no way I can last another two hours!

The rest of the hall, seemingly waiting on this confrontation to conclude, watched as the proctor finished his path back over to Lafaille and she announced the start of the third section, history.

History was Ali’s best section. She had studied it intensely and knew it inside and out. If she did well enough on this section she could make up for missing some points on the others. She was so desperate for a pee though that even an easy section like this one was going to run up against the time limit.

Only ten minutes into the section Ali had to completely set down her pencil and focus all her efforts on holding herself with both hands. She could feel liquid right behind her urethra, and she knew she was going to start leaking soon. There was no way she’d let that come between her and finishing the test however. Keeping a careful eye the proctor was looking away from her, she quickly slid her sweater underneath her bum and balled it up slightly in the front of her, effectively creating a small cushion of cloth she could press against her aching hole.

Damage control..

She kept one hand pressing the sweater against her pee hole tightly, and returned to her test using the other hand to both write and flip the pages.

The questions were not easy, but Ali had studied so much history that she knew all the answers anyway. She still had to be careful since a lot of the questions were worded in weird ways, and she almost slipped up a few times.

Half way through the history section, Ali felt herself leak a little involuntarily. It was just a small spurt, but she could feel wetness on her panties as she squeezed her thighs around her hand and the sweater she had jammed underneath herself.

She still had roughly half the questions to go, so she needed to keep focused on the exam. She had to trust that her one-handed hold would be enough.

As she answered question after question, periodically more pee would leak out. Even with a hand pressed against her urethra constantly now, her need was becoming too much. She felt each spurt dribble out against the cloth in her hand and drip down her thighs. Spurts of warm pee soaked into her sweater and panties. After a few minutes of this, she started to worry she might not be able to regain control over her bladder. Her panties were now clearly wet, and she could feel a small puddle starting to form beneath her. Checking the time, over fifteen minutes remained for this section.

Spoiler

&&

Fuck! I can’t stop leaking.. I have to endure another hour and a half of this?

Ali double crossed her legs over her hand, squeezing as tightly as she could and bounced her foot rapidly. Hunching forward over her desk, she fought to hold back the inevitable flood. At some point, she realized she’d been staring blankly at the same question for the last five minutes.

I need to focus on my test! Why didn’t I go to the bathroom before it started?

She forced herself to return to the last page of questions with ten minutes remaining before the final section would begin. Half way down, she felt herself beginning to pee again.

Fuck! I can’t piss myself in the middle of the exam!

Ali strained with all her might to stop her stream but each time she managed to stop it for a moment, it would start again only a few seconds later. She could hear a faint hissing as she peed in spurts all over the sweater and her hand. After twenty or so seconds, she managed to regain control and this time didn’t immediately leak again.

My sweater is all wet now.. there’s probably a wet spot on my skirt too.. this is getting bad!

She finished the final question right as time was called, and then tried to look less desperate than she was as the proctors moved around to collect their tests.

She lay her hand atop the piss stained sweater on her lap, trying to hide the damp spot and the little puddle under her bum as the proctors prepared the final section. At least her leaking had lessened her need somewhat, but she still was desperate at this point. Madame Lafaille got the attention of the class and announced the final section.

“This is the final section, Arcanum! Don’t worry if you don’t know too many of the answers, just try your best! It’s 25 questions again, 1 point each. Everyone ready?”

She flipped the hourglass over and everyone began working on their tests. The first page of questions looked difficult, so Ali skipped them for now and started on the next page, where she knew a few answers. Meanwhile, her desperation was returning to a critical level.

She couldn’t sit still, and in the back of her head all she could think about was how badly she had to go. She didn’t dare remove her vice grip below the desk either, as she thought without her hand there if she started peeing again she would not be able to stop.

Just focus on the test, only forty minutes to go and then I can go find a bathroom.. Aaah!

Ali’s fingers grew wet again as some more of her liquid escaped. She pressed the sweater even harder into her privates and tried to stop the flow. She felt herself start leaking some more, but plugging her hole seemed to have stopped anything from getting out after that first spurt. But as she strained there, the pressure to release was becoming unbearable and she had to let a little bit more out once more.

She rocked back and forth in place, and pleaded with her aching bladder to just hold on half an hour more. At this point, she was practically guessing on questions, there wasn’t much she knew in this section and she didn’t like her odds of passing.

I’m going to fail this fucking test..

Ali did the mental math, and she suspected she needed to get at least half the questions in this section correct to give her a shot of scoring high enough to pass. In her current state she wasn’t sure if she’d even finish the exam. She was spending so much effort fighting off her desperate need to piss.

After another fifteen minutes of her silent struggle, Ali once again started peeing and couldn’t stop. This time she must have peed for at least ten seconds, before her bladder relented. She could feel the puddle growing on her chair beneath her and prayed desperately that it would go unnoticed.

If I pee much more then it’ll start dripping off my chair! I have to hold it in, the test is almost finished.

Staring intensely at the hourglass, Ali decided to focus all her efforts on not wetting herself. She had answered all the questions at this point even if two thirds of her answers were no more than educated guesses. She was determined to make it out of here without becoming a subject of ridicule.

Finally, the test came to an end. Apart from a few more small leaks, Ali had been spared total embarrassment. The proctor came by and took her test and then Madame Lafaille addressed the room one last time.

“Congratulations everyone! That’s the end of the academy entrance exam for this year. You should all expect your results in the mail in a few weeks! You can now exit the hall where we came in.”

Ali stood up, and immediately had to bend over clutching herself as she felt an intense urge to release her waters. The chair where she had been sitting had a noticeable puddle on it, and the sweater she carried in her hand was wet and smelled distinctly like piss. Taking care that the other students weren’t watching her, she quickly tried to dab up some of her puddle with the already ruined sweater. It helped a little, but it was impossible to clean the seat off completely right now. Plus Ali needed to get to the bathroom fast so she couldn’t dawdle.

Maybe they will just think it’s sweat..

She could tell the seat of her skirt was wet from sitting in her puddle, and her soaked panties squished as she walked towards the door to leave. She did not make eye contact with anyone, hoping that no one would notice the signs that she had had a small accident during the exam.

Oh god, I still have to pee so badly!

Walking out the door, Ali felt another small dribble of pee trickle down her thigh. She couldn’t grab herself here to stop it with all the other students around so she just walked off in a direction away from the group exiting the main building.

There has to be a bathroom around here somewhere...

She didn’t see any signs for one on this floor so she walked up a stairwell and came to an empty landing above. Ali briefly paused and hunched over holding her urethra again to try and get her desperate situation to subside.

Poking her head around the corner, she saw no signs for restrooms, but at least with no people around she didn’t have to try to hide the signs she was bursting.

She started walking down the hall with a hand jammed in her crotch and as she did, she could feel herself losing control. With no bathroom in sight she didn’t know what to do.

Oh no! I can’t stop! I’m going to wet myself!

With no other options left to her, she opened the door of an empty classroom next to her and went inside. Closing the door behind her, she could already feel her legs growing wet as her dam had finally burst. She moved away from the small window in the door and stood next to the wall as she tried and failed one last time to stop the flow.

Spoiler

&&

I can’t believe I’m actually peeing myself! Oh god it feels good it finally let go though..

She stood there for what must have been three minutes, pissing all over her legs and the floor. The relief was amazing. The sound of her piss splattering against the tile floor was faint, and Ali doubted anyone could hear it from outside if they happened to pass by in the hallway. Still, she was incredibly embarrassed.

Her face bright red, standing in a puddle of her own urine and holding her pee soaked sweater in her hand, Ali let out a sigh of relief that she had at least made it out of public before soaking herself. Part of her thought she should’ve taken her panties off, but they were so soaked at this point it wouldn’t have made a difference.

After she was finished peeing, she stuffed her panties and sweater in the trash bin and crumbled up some papers to toss on top of them to hide them from sight. Then she peeked out into the hallway to make sure no one was looking, and left the scene of the crime.

So much for holding it in, I guess. I need to get cleaned up before I meet with my father again. I smell like piss..

A little ashamed about her accident, Ali still mostly just felt relieved to finally be done with her exam and ready to return home again. She told herself that next time, she’d use the bathroom before starting something like that.

Chapter Art

Spoiler

&&

&&

&&

*006*2024-11-01 19:13

Thank you all for the kind words 🙂 This next chapter is a bit shorter, but sets up for another long chapter afterwards. This one only contains wetting content. Enjoy!

###

Chapter 3 - Summer It had been a nervous three weeks for Ali since her entrance exam. Each morning she would eagerly check the post box outside their family shop, hoping for the official envelope to put an end to the agony of her waiting, but each morning her hopes shrunk a little further as she saw it empty yet again. This morning though, when she opened the wooden box her eyes found a small envelope with a red wax seal on it. Her heart fluttered as she stared at it. She had been waiting for this moment for so long, but with acceptance or rejection so close at hand she couldn’t bring herself to reach for it.

Just get it over with.

Mustering her courage, she snatched the letter out of the box and held it tightly against her chest. Breathing nervously, she opened the envelope carefully and pulled the single page of parchment from within.

Her eyes lit up with tears of relief as she read the first line.

Miss Allison Baker, congratulations on your placement performance..

She had done it. She had passed! She rushed home, told her father, and overnight her life changed. She went from being just the humble baker’s daughter to the bright aspiring young student her village would soon send to the capital Academy. Everyone seemed to find out about it, and she found herself getting congratulated by people she hardly even knew. The Sisters at the temple were especially excited for her, and Ali let them know how grateful she was for everything they had done to help her prepare before the exam. She was happy, she was proud and above all she was excited for the next chapter of her life to begin.

Everything had lined up perfectly for Ali, except for one embarrassing and persistent issue that continued to plague her. She had assumed that her frequent leaking and occasional accidents would stop now that she wasn’t so nervous all the time about her upcoming exam and awaiting the results, but apparently her body had other ideas in mind. As she awoke with wet bed sheets for the third time in the two weeks following her acceptance, she decided she needed to do something about this problem before she became known as the girl who was never potty trained. Not knowing what else to do, she made an appointment with the town physician, and a few days later found herself marching down to his small rural apothecary shop on the outskirts of the village.

As she entered the small building, her eyes scanned the jumbled space full of shelves stocked high with potions and tinctures. Herbs hung from the ceiling and a small worn couch was set before the oak desk the doctor sat behind. His eyes met Ali’s as she shuffled into the room. He was young for a doctor, although still at least ten years her senior, and had a handsome, kindly face. His dark hair was tied back in a neat bun, and he wore a pair of circular spectacles.

“Miss Baker?” He greeted her, “I’m doctor Aven, how can I help you today?”

“You can call me Ali” Ali blushed, suddenly not wanting to admit her embarrassing predicament to the doctor anymore.

Maybe I could just go home..

“Well then, Ali it is” He smiled, as if trying to diffuse the tension he sensed from her. “That name sounds familiar, are you that girl that just got accepted into the Academy?”

Still blushing, Ali answered brightly nonetheless.

“Yes, I’m her! I was accepted a few weeks ago. I start up in the fall.”

“That’s an amazing accomplishment. Congratulations on your success! Now tell me, what brings a smart, healthy young woman like yourself into my clinic?”

Ali’s face reddened and she looked down at the floor as she spoke.

“Uhm.. I’ve been feeling sick recently. I was hoping you’d have some medicine that could help me.”

“Certainly possible. Tell me, what symptoms are you having?”

God I’m really going to have to say this aren’t I? This is so embarrassing..

“It’s sort of embarrassing to say.”

“That’s ok, in this line of work I’ve seen it all. What’s bothering you dear?”

Ali choked back the tears as she spoke.

“I’ve been having.. accidents. Like I can’t hold it in anymore sometimes. I’ve been wetting the bed a lot, and sometimes I lose control while I’m awake and can’t make it to the toilet.”

She started sobbing as she finished admitting her embarrassing predicament. Still not making eye contact, she heard the doctor’s calm voice.

“I’m sorry to hear that, Ali. I’ll see what I can do to help you. When did this start happening?”

Ali finally looked up at Dr. Aven, tears wetting her cheeks as she answered.

“About a month ago. It was just a couple times at first but now it’s almost every day. I don’t know what to do..”

“Hmm ok, and are there any other symptoms you’ve noticed?”

Ali’s face turned an even deeper shade of red, thinking about the other symptom. On a couple of occasions since the temple incident, she’d almost made a mess of her pants again, but thankfully she’d avoided that since.

I can’t bring myself to admit that!

“No other symptoms.” She said, swallowing the lump in her throat, “Just the pants peeing.”

“I’ll need to do a physical examination to make sure there’s no other issues and see if I can figure out what’s causing your problems, Ali. If you lay down on that couch I’ll go grab my equipment so we can begin.”

Ali nodded and lay on the cold leather couch as Aven went into the back room for a moment. She breathed a deep breath in anticipation of what was to come.

Hopefully he’ll be able to give me some medicine to help..

Aven emerged after a few minutes with a stethoscope and a small metal utensil Ali didn’t know the name of.

“I’ll begin my examination now. I have to put my hands on your body to examine your bladder and other organs to make sure everything feels alright, is that ok?”

Ali nodded her ascent. As he rolled his sleeves up, he revealed muscular forearms more appropriate for a farmer than a doctor, but his hands were soft to the touch as he worked them over her narrow abdomen. Ali closed her eyes and tried to relax. She felt the cold stethoscope pressing against her chest, and listened to the doctor's slow breaths as he leaned in close to listen to her heart. After a few minutes, he was done.

“Everything feels alright to me. No swelling or other abnormalities that would warrant concern or cause your symptoms. I want to run a few more tests, but I’ll need to collect a few samples. Is that alright?”

Ali nodded once more. “Yes, that’s alright sir..”

“Good. I’m going to need to draw some blood for a few tests. I'll need some of your urine to test as well.”

He handed her a small metal bowl from one of the shelves.

“I have to pee in that?” Ali asked, still embarrassed.

“Unless you think you can aim into a vial for me.” He chuckled a bit at his joke, but seeing Ali’s face still fearful he changed his tone.

“Sorry. Bad joke, I didn’t mean to offend. I’ll show you to the washroom and we can get this over with so you can get back to your day.”

Leading her into the small back room full of what Ali presumed was medical equipment and more potions, Aven opened up another door and revealed a small closet sized washroom. Ali entered the space and closed the door. She sat on the basin, removed her pants and underclothes and positioned the small metal cup beneath her. Relaxing, she tried to let nature take its course, but try as she might she simply couldn’t piss.

Spoiler

&&

Damn it. How ironic that now is the one time my body decides it can’t pee..

She sat there for almost five minutes, trying to will even a small trickle of pee to leave her, but she was unsuccessful. Defeated, she opened the door and found Aven waiting there.

“All done?”

“I couldn’t go. I just don’t need to pee right now.”

“No problem, let’s run the bloodwork first and then maybe you can go before you have to leave. I’ll give you some water.”

Aven took the empty bowl from her and filled her with a glass of water. Then they both walked back into the main room. Ali sipped her cup nervously. Setting the metal bowl on his desk, he produced a syringe with a long needle.

“Take a seat and I’ll draw a small amount of blood. This will sting a bit,” He warned her, his expression firm, but somewhat comforting with the air of confidence he exuded in his work.

He grasped her arm firmly and found a vein to make the extraction. Ali tensed at the sharp pain, but said nothing. Content to remain silent until she could leave unless asked something directly.

“Finished. Let me run some tests and see if I can figure anything out.”

He left Ali alone on the examination couch as he disappeared into the back room once more. Alone with her thoughts, Ali’s mind wandered.

What if there’s something really wrong with me?

She couldn’t help but worry. When the doctor had asked about her other symptoms, she had purposefully left out the other one for fear of being embarrassed further. Hopefully it wouldn’t impede her diagnosis. She wasn’t sure what it was about Aven, but she felt flustered talking with him. She had thought admitting her embarrassing condition to a doctor wouldn’t be hard, but she was terrified to talk about it. She had been so quiet throughout the whole appointment, barely even looking at Aven. Was it because he was young and didn’t look like the doctor she had imagined visiting in the days prior? He wasn’t some old man with wrinkled skin and a kindly voice, he was handsome even.

God, he must think I’m so rude. I just want to be home.

She pushed the thoughts from her mind. She sat quietly, sipping her water and waiting for the doctor’s verdict. Soon, she would be free from this altercation, and she could forget about all of this when she moved to the city in a few short months.

The time ticked by. After a while, Ali realized she needed to pee.

Great, where was this urge before when I needed it?

She sat up straight on the couch and crossed her legs, which helped relieve the sudden pressure. Her eyes spied the metal bowl on the doctor’s desk, which sat there almost teasing her, relief so close and yet so far away. Ali had not asked how long the doctor would take to run the blood tests. She wished she’d spoken up so she could gauge when she’d be able to make her way back into the small washroom and empty herself. As the minutes went by, she sat there bouncing a foot, trying to distract herself.

How can I be so desperate now? I didn’t need to pee at all twenty some minutes ago?

After another ten minutes of fidgeting, Ali had had enough. She stood and made her way to the door, hoping she could escort herself into the back washroom. As she turned the knob to open the door, she felt resistance and realized Aven must’ve locked it. She knocked lightly.

“Uhm.. Doctor Aven? I need to pee really badly now, can you please let me in?”

There was no response. She bounced up and down in place desperately, hoping that she would hear the rattling of the handle soon. After thirty seconds she knocked again louder.

Maybe he just didn’t hear me?

“Please sir, I really don’t think I can hold it much longer!”

As she made her plea, she felt a small spurt of pee dampen her underwear. She knew that it was only a matter of time before she lost control completely.

Fuck! I have to go so badly.. Please answer the door!

She started pacing back and forth in the small room, breathing heavily as she tried to hold on. Each time she passed the door to the back room she would rattle the lock and call for Aven and each time there would be no response. This went on for what felt like an eternity, but in reality was only about ten minutes judging from the clock on the wall. She sat down on the couch defeated, and pressed her hands against her aching hole through her thin leggings. Her bladder was screaming for relief, but she was determined to stay dry until she could relieve herself properly.

After a few minutes of sitting, she felt another small leak. She could feel the wetness on her hands now and she hoped none had dampened the couch. She redoubled her efforts, and tried to concentrate on anything that wasn’t her current desperate need.

It wasn’t working. She stood again, thinking the change in position would help her hold. Moving around kept her body from relaxing enough to pee, so she began marching aimlessly around the room again. Whenever she stopped moving, she could feel her liquid well up against her hole, and despite her best efforts she leaked even more. She stopped in her tracks and jammed her hands into her crotch to stop the flow. Seconds later, she felt the pressure surge again and strained to hold it in. Wetness now seeping through the fabric of her leggings on her hands, Ali tried desperately to hold on as more pee trickled out of her.

No please! Just a bit longer!

She managed to stop the stream, but within seconds her leaking started again. In a panic, she realized that she couldn’t hold on any longer. She was about to piss herself. Soaking her leggings in rapid spurts as she fought the unwavering urge to let go, she quickly made her way across the room to Aven’s desk to grab the metal bowl. With the bowl in hand, she squatted down in the corner and tried as best as she could to position it under her as she began to undo her pants. She could feel the fabric growing more and more wet as she struggled with the fastening.

In her struggle, she slipped and fell backward on her ass, kicking the bowl over and sending it clattering loudly as it bounced and toppled across the tiled floor. As she hit the ground, her floodgates burst completely and she began peeing full force through her thin leggings.

Spoiler

&&

Shit! Why can’t I get these off? Oh no..

After drenching her pants on the floor for thirty seconds, Ali tried to salvage the situation somewhat. She mustered all the strength she had and managed to stop her torrent. She still had to finish peeing, but the respite was long enough to retrieve the bowl and pull her pants down before she finished relieving herself with a bit more dignity.

She sighed in relief as her pee loudly spattered against the metal bowl. In a short matter of time, the bowl filled to the brim and her pee began overflowing, joining her puddle from her earlier accident. At this point, squatting down with her wet leggings still hugging her legs and surrounded by her shame, Ali didn’t care enough to try to stop. She peed until she was empty, leaving a puddle all over the floor beneath her.

Finally done, she sat there contemplating what to do about her predicament as clarity hit her. She stood and pulled her sodden pants back up, carefully holding the overfull bowl of her warm piss. She scanned the room for cleaning supplies, hoping to find something to mop up the puddle but instead she only saw the door of the shop begin to open. Before she could do anything about it, Dr. Aven walked in holding some sort of root plant.

“Sorry, I had to run out to the garden to grab some more earthroot for the solution”

He said as he turned to her with a smile on his face. Then his expression shifted as his eyes spied the dripping bowl in Ali’s trembling hands. Looking downwards still, he saw her wet pants and the large puddle beneath her.

“Oh” he said trailing off, seemingly at a loss for words to suit the situation.

Spoiler

&&

I must look so pathetic to him.. I couldn’t even hold it for half an hour.

Ali just stood there silently, head hung in shame before the doctor spoke again.

“It’s alright, nothing to be embarrassed about. Is that bowl full of..”

“It spilled a little bit. I’m sorry, I couldn’t hold it until you got back.”

“Don’t worry, why don’t you get home and get cleaned up and come by tomorrow for your test results? I don’t want to make you wait around here in wet clothes.”

“I can clean up the puddle.. I’m so sorry sir”

“It’s alright, it’s really not that bad. I’m sorry I didn’t realize you’d need to go, I would’ve left the back unlocked for you.”

Ali nodded, hopeful to flee the situation quickly.

“Ok. You won’t tell anyone about this right?”

“Of course not Ali. Your secret is safe with me, doctor patient confidentiality and all.”

He smiled slightly, and Ali couldn’t tell if he was just trying to cheer her up or not but he seemed sincere enough. She awkwardly made her way out the door and back through town with her piss stained pants hoping nobody saw her. As she disappeared into her room to change, she tried to put the day's events out of her mind, hoping that the doctor’s tests would yield some sort of solution for her.

Chapter Art

Spoiler

&&

&&

&&

