Sleeping Beauty Has To Pee

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2024-03-08 21:40

I just wanted to first off wish everybody a happy international women's day, and you're in luck because I got such positive feedback from my last story about Little Red Riding Hood I decided to do that other fairytale story that I thought of last night since it was running late was trying to think of a short story that I remembered this one and decided to go with it, so enjoy! Also in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/14860.html

Sleeping Beauty Has To Pee

Prince Charming slowly approached Sleeping Beauty who was sleeping peacefully in a sound slumber, she seemed so peaceful, delicate, feminine and dignified. Very closely he started leaning in and began kissing her on the lips as her eyes opened up as he slowly got up to give her room.

"Sleeping Beauty I have come as your prince to awaken you," Prince Charming said as he smiled and gave a thumbs up but saw that she seemed to be frowning. "What's wrong, aren't you glad that I woke you up from your slumber with my kiss?"

"No, I mean yes thank you for waking me up and breaking the curse and spell or whatever, and thanks for doing it with a kiss and not raping me or something really creepy and horrible like that, but good Lord do I need a bathroom!" Sleeping Beauty said as she very slowly got up and put her hands between her legs and began hopping up and down. "With a bladder this massively full it's amazing I didn't wet the bed!"

"Well look I'm sure that everyone is going to be really happy to see that you are back and awakened everything." Prince Charming had to admit that right now he was trying very hard to suppress an erection over the thought of all of that urine inside of her bladder and the possibility of her bed being wet.

"Yeah that's really great, but I have been sleeping a really long time and that enchanted poison apple that I ate, I don't know but whatever it really went to my bladder and I think that my bladder is going to explode if I don't get to a bathroom right away."

"Well I'm sure that there's a bathroom around here somewhere, but don't you want to greet everybody to see that you are finally back among the world of the living? Also I thought you pricked your finger on a cursed or enchanted spindle or something really weird like that?"

"You know I can't even remember right now my bladder is so full, so I might be confusing my situation with that of another princess who I am sure probably also had an amazingly full bladder when she woke up from her predicament!"

"Well come on, I'm sure your family is eager to see you again."

"Yeah that's all well and good, but I really really need a bathroom right now!" Sleeping Beauty said as she began pacing back and forth and started pulling her hair. She couldn't believe how badly she had to go to the bathroom, yes she knew she had been asleep for a long time, but wow this was the queen of all morning pees that she needed at that moment, and if she didn't get to a bathroom soon she thought that she was probably going to pass out and fall back into a slumber for a thousand years.

"Well okay I'm sure that we will find a bathroom on the way home."

"How long is that going to take?" Sleeping Beauty said as she pressed her knees together and began gritting her teeth and looking around frantically. "Dammit why don't they put a bathroom right next to a person who is an enchanted sleep, don't they know the first thing you're going to want to find when you wake up from such a long sleep is a bathroom?"

"Well I am sure that whoever put you into that sleep never intended for you to wake up ,and if they did they probably didn't care about you using the bathroom, but don't worry I'm sure that we will get to a bathroom soon, although I don't know, the enchanted forest is pretty big, but I am sure that we will find a bathroom soon enough."

"Fine, let's just get going, I can't wait much longer," Sleeping Beauty said as she very slowly started walking and very carefully because she felt that if she made any sudden movements she was definitely going to piss herself, which was a very undignified look for a princess but what she didn't know was that Prince Charming was secretly hoping that she would end up wetting herself.

As they started walking through the enchanted forest all she could think about was finding a bathroom. That was when she saw that Prince Charming had stopped and looked like he was taking a leak on a nearby tree.

"What the hell do you think you're doing?!" Sleeping Beauty said as she watched Prince Charming relieving himself on the tree in a very loud and obvious manner and that he wasn't trying to hide it at all.

"Sorry I really needed to take a leak, I'm pretty sure that it's not a cursed or enchanted tree or anything, I mean just because this is the enchanted forest doesn't mean that every single thing in the forest is enchanted or cursed does it?"

"Why are you worried that if you try keying on some kind of cursed or enchanted tree it's going to give you a bladder infection or turn you to stone?"

Prince Charming had to admit that he was starting to feel like he was getting a little bit hard somewhere else but just try to smile politely. "No of course not."

"Let's just keep moving, the sooner we get back the sooner I can get to a bathroom," Sleeping Beauty said once again hopping up and down and stomping her feet on the ground. If she didn't find a bathroom soon she felt like she was going to explode.

As they continue to walk through the forest everywhere that Sleeping Beauty looked she saw what looked like animals were relieving themselves.

"Is this whole forest one big pee party?" she said as she balled her hands into fists and continued trudging onward but stopping every few moments to grab herself and cross and uncross her legs. As she was doing so some animals of the forest began perching on her arms and legs before she began screaming causing them to all go flying off in terror.

Finally it seemed that they were back to the kingdom where her entire family was waiting to greet her with open arms.

"Sleeping Beauty, it's so good to see that you are finally home," the Queen said.

"Yeah yeah but I really really need a bathroom!" Sleeping Beauty said as she stood there dancing up and down ready to scream.

"You know that is so rude, I really think that your mother has been waiting to see you all this time that you have been in an enchanted slumber," the king said as he waved his finger at her.

"Look I'm really glad to be home but I really really need a bathroom, and I know that these medieval kingdoms don't have nice bathrooms, but I'm not picky at the moment!" she said as she continued jumping up and down and pulling on her dress in frustration.

"Just come and meet and greet a couple of people that have been waiting to see you for so long."

Sleeping Beauty tried to hold her breath so that she wouldn't lose control of her bladder and make a big scene that the medieval kingdom paparazzi and tabloid press would have a field day with, but she reluctantly started greeting all of the royal family and well-wishers and members of her kingdom, and finally when she was done with that and her bladder was near exploding she finally got to the bathroom only to find that there was a huge long line of people in front of the women's bathroom.

"This is a gigantic castle, why does it only have one bathroom?!" Sleeping Beauty shouted as she began pulling her hair and shifting back-and-forth as she saw Prince Charming use the empty men's room next door before she threw up her hands and marched right into the men's room and sat down and began peeing really loudly and screaming with relief before coming out and finding everyone was staring at her with their jaws dropping. "Hey you wake up after an enchanted slumber and see how your bladders feel!"

The Queen shook her head. "Rather unladylike of her."

"Now that's my kind of woman," Prince Charming said as he started thinking about all of the fun that they might have later involving water sports.

I thought of this one on the same day I wrote that last story about Little Red Riding Hood Needs to Pee, and I thought that there were a whole bunch of fairytale stories that you could do involving omorashi. This one I pretty much figured that if you woke up after some kind of enchanted slumber naturally you would need the bathroom, and I thought it would be funny if he kept getting delayed on the way to the bathroom and if the Prince kept relieving himself along the way, only to be confronted by a long line at the end. And I have to admit I did confuse it a little bit for a while with Snow White, so I sort of made that joke in the story about how she was confused as to which fairytale princess she was, which instead of editing that line out altogether thought that putting the confusion into there because she had a full bladder actually works pretty well I thought. And there are a whole bunch of other ones that could be done like that but for now I thought this one was pretty good.

*005*2024-03-09 21:45

I was originally going to write a Cinderella one but then I decided to go with this one instead because I thought the Cinderella one might end up being a longer story and this was one that I wrote rather quickly at the end of the day. I also had one involving Hansel and Gretel and I think I had a couple of more as well that I'm probably forgetting about right now.

*010*2024-03-10 20:35

@Golden Guard

"I absolutely loved this line and I love the premise of this story! After reading your story, it feels like such an obvious thing that Sleeping Beauty would've had to gone through lol"

I have to admit that in the back of my mind maybe I was subconsciously thinking of this particular scene from Futurama where Fry gets a job at the cryogenics lab and then when he wakes somebody up from their suspended animation he says I've been cryogenically frozen, I know what people want to hear when they first wake up, the bathroom's that way!

@Roronoa Zoro

"And also I can't wait for desperate jill to make more omorashi style fairy tale stories"

I think honestly there is so much that can be done if you just go through fairytales you could probably omorashify so many of them. The Cinderella one was pretty obvious as I thought the idea could be that the spell lasts as long as she doesn't use the bathroom so she can't all night. Then I thought maybe there could be one with Hansel and Gretel where they want to use a bathroom in the gingerbread house but then the witch catches them and doesn't let them go to the bathroom.

And then earlier today I was listening to this video of this show that I remember I watched when I was a real little kid called Grimms fairytale classics where there is this guy who makes a deal with the demon that for seven years he won't bathe or change his clothes and goes around in a bearskin, and even that I was thinking you know you could have that be with a woman who's not allowed to use a bathroom to go to the bathroom for like seven years! 

It really is amazing the kind of thing that can make you think of an omorashi story idea when you think about it long enough, which again is why I am glad to say that I don't think I will ever suffer from writers block! Or maybe even better instead of not being able to use the bathroom for seven years maybe she has to be constantly desperate for seven years nonstop!

*011*2024-03-10 20:43

Does anyone have a favorite fairytale that they would like to see omorashified?

*013*2024-03-10 20:53

@bustin2pee

"Yep... Goldilocks and the three bears - who's been peeing in my pot?"

I could see it more along the lines of she has to go to the bathroom while she's looking in the forest and she comes across three toilets but none of them are satisfactory to her, and then the bears come and scare her and she ends up peeing herself! I usually don't put wetting in my stories but that one would work pretty well there I think.

*016*2024-03-10 21:45

@bustin2pee

"Yeah that could work ok. Then there's also Little Red Riding Hood..."

I already did red riding hood and Rapunzel a long while back, as that was what sort of started off this whole kick with the fairytale stories. I went ahead and I wrote the Goldilocks one and I will post it tomorrow.

*020*2024-03-11 20:10

@LngPeefan

"You wrote that rather quickly at the end of the day? I'm more than impressed, you must have been playing Rachmaninoff on the keyboard!"

I use speech recognition software so I am able to type as fast as I can talk, and once I sit down for a story I usually know where exactly am going to go with it, so I could write a story of that length and read and edit it within 1/2 hour or an hour, it really is a godsend if you're the kind of person who wants to write a lot, and even then though I can't keep up with all that I want to write, for every one story I write there's at least 99 on my list that I'll never get around to.

But as promised I also wrote the Goldilocks one so I hope everyone enjoys that one as well.

$iframe allowfullscreen data-embedauthorid="161128" data-embedcontent data-embedid="embed7085587172" style="height:223px;max-width:500px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/98962-goldilocks-and-the-three-bears-toilets/?do=embed"

