An almost wet shopping trip

Author: Damechainvader

*000*2024-09-27 02:55

Yuzu and Harumin were out shopping together, they were officially a couple as their bond was much tighter than the one with her new stepsister, mei, they began by getting their daily morning iced coffees from Starbucks, they were shopping for clothes until those large iced coffees went down to their bladders and they REALLY needed to pee, they decided to look for a restroom, but as they were in a large department store, they had to look for a while, they found the girls restroom and headed in, but then they realized that all of the toilets were clogged, they began searching for one that worked, checking each stall, one by one, but it seemed like every single one was out of order, they both began to panic, they didn't want to pee in their pants, they both needed to find a working toilet soon, just then, Yuzu spotted a door labeled "Employees Only" behind one of the sinks.

She thought it might lead to a maintenance closet or something, so she decided to try it, but before she could, Harumin stopped her, she grabbed her wrist, and said, "Wait Yuzu, we shouldn't go in there, it's forbidden, what if we get in trouble?" Yuzu thought for a moment, she didn't want to get in trouble, but she really had to pee, she looked into Harumin's eyes and said, "I'm really sorry, but I really need to go, please understand, I'll be quick, and I'll be careful, just wait here for me, okay?" Harumin sighed, nodded, and sat on one of the sinks, she bit her lip nervously, "Hurry up, Yuzu, I'm about to burst." Yuzu smiled reassuringly, then opened the door and stepped inside the employees only area.

The room was dimly lit, but she could see a few doors, one of them had a sign that said "Restrooms" above it, she hurried over and tried the handle, it opened, and inside, she found a pristine, well-maintained restroom with a working toilet, she let out a sigh of relief, then closed the door and locked it, just in case someone came in, she walked over to the toilet and sat down, but before she could begin, she heard a voice from behind her, "Hey, what are you doing in here?!"

Yuzu turned around to see a tall, older woman with short, messy hair and glasses, wearing a blue apron over her dress, she was clearly the janitor, "Oh, hi, um, I'm sorry, I was just, um, looking for a toilet, all the ones in the public restroom were clogged, and I really had to go..." she stammered, feeling a bit embarrassed.

The janitor raised an eyebrow, "Oh, I see... Well, you know you're not supposed to be in here, this is for employees only. But since you're here, I guess I'll let you use it this time. Just make it quick, and don't touch anything else, alright?" She said, unlocking the door and stepping aside to let Yuzu out.

Yuzu nodded gratefully, feeling a bit relieved, and hurried into the stall. She quickly undid her pants and sat down on the toilet, letting out a sigh of relief as she began to pee. As she relieved herself, she couldn't help but feel a bit embarrassed about what had just happened.

She finished up and flushed the toilet, then washed her hands in the sink. When she turned around, the janitor was standing there, watching her with a knowing smile. "Well, you seemed pretty desperate," she said with a chuckle. "Don't worry about it. I've been there myself. Just make sure you don't come in here again unless it's an emergency, alright?"

Yuzu nodded, feeling a bit embarrassed. "I'm sorry for causing you trouble. Thank you so much for letting me use the restroom."

The janitor waved her apology away. "It's no trouble, really. Now, why don't you go back out there and find your friend. I'm sure she's worried sick about you by now."

Yuzu nodded, thanked the janitor again, and quickly exited the employee-only area, locking the door behind her. She hurried back to where she had left Harumin, her heart racing from the close call with the janitor.

"Yuzu! Thank goodness you're alright!" Harumin exclaimed, looking relieved. "I was starting to get really worried." Yuzu smiled sheepishly and held up her hands in a gesture of surrender.

"Sorry for taking so long," she said, "but I had to use the restroom, and all the ones in the public area were clogged." Harumin giggled, "I guess that explains why you were gone for so long. You're lucky the janitor didn't catch you in here." They both fell silent for a moment, thinking about the woman with the messy hair and glasses.

Yuzu glanced around the restroom, taking in the pink walls and feminine decorations. "You know, this place is actually kind of cute," she said, trying to change the subject. "I never really noticed it before." Harumin nodded in agreement.

They spent a few more minutes together, catching up on their day and laughing about some of the silly things that had happened to them. As they talked, Yuzu couldn't help but feel a sense of comfort and safety in the presence of her best friend. She was grateful for the opportunity to share this moment with her, even if it meant sneaking into the employee-only area.

Eventually, their conversation came to an end, and they decided it was time to part ways. They hugged goodbye, promising to see each other soon, and Yuzu made her way back out into the mall. As she walked, she couldn't help but feel a little bit giddy, as if she had just gotten away with something naughty and exciting. A smile crept onto her face as she replayed the memory of using the employee-only toilet, the nervousness she had felt, and the relief she felt when it was all over.

Yuzu continued her shopping, eventually finding a few stores that had what she was looking for. She tried on a few items, experimenting with different styles and colors, before finally settling on a cute, casual outfit that made her feel confident and comfortable. As she made her way to the checkout counter, she couldn't help but wonder if she would ever have another adventure like the one she'd had earlier.

After paying for her purchases, Yuzu decided to treat herself to a quick snack at the food court. She found a table near a window, enjoying the warm sunshine on her face as she munched on her fries. A group of young boys played tag around one of the benches, their laughter filling the air with a sense of carefree joy. It was moments like these that reminded Yuzu how much she loved coming to the mall.

As she finished her snack, she noticed a familiar figure walking towards her. It was Harumin, her long blonde hair flowing behind her like a waterfall. She was carrying a large shopping bag in each hand, clearly having had a successful shopping trip herself. Yuzu waved at her friend, feeling a smile spread across her face.

"Hey, Haru! How did you do?" she asked, her voice filled with excitement. Harumin smiled back, clearly pleased with her purchases.

"I got some really cute clothes, and a new makeup palette that I've been eyeing for a while. I'm feeling pretty good about my haul today," she replied, showing off her bags. Yuzu nodded in approval, admiring the items she had seen poking out of the bags.

As they continued to chat, another group of young girls approached them, clearly eager to strike up a conversation. They exchanged pleasantries, discussing their favorite stores and the latest gossip from school. Harumin seemed to know everyone in the mall, as they all greeted her with big smiles and hugs.

Yuzu felt a pang of envy as she watched her best friend interact with the other girls. She wished she could be as confident and outgoing as Harumin, but it always seemed to come so easily to her. Still, she didn't let it get her down; she knew they had their own strengths, and she was content with her own quiet, reserved nature.

As they continued to chat, they wandered through the mall, stopping at various stores to browse or catch up with friends they hadn't seen in a while. The day seemed to fly by, and before they knew it, the sun was beginning to dip below the horizon, signaling the end of their shopping trip.

