(long) Desperate Duo - A Day off in the City

Author: Daredare205

*000*2023-03-23 00:11

This story was inspired by a wonderful piece of art by Biku! I feel no need to describe what the girls are wearing, since they're in the picture just below. However, I will describe why they chose those clothes.

Disclaimer: This story is not endorsed by Biku himself, I just randomly got his permission to write a story about his picture. This story deviates from any context given in the picture.

Disclaimer 2: Biku is into vanilla wetting/desperation and hasn't shown that he's into lesbians or anything, so I'm putting this warning here. I don't think the original picture was meant to be taken as lesbian, but this is my story and I say they're lesbians since we're already non cannon anyway!

&&

Story starts here!

Rebecca was always popular with her outgoing personality and amazing body! Her slender form mixed with her tantalizing blue eyes and heavy brown hair always caught people's eyes. She stood at 5' 8" and weighed 145 lbs, a weight she was happy with. True, some of her friends were a bit slimmer, but she could never keep herself away from her grandma's amazing brownies! On the day of the story, she wore light purple panties with a dark purple waistband and leopard print pattern on them. Her slim bra, being the bare minimum size needed to keep her cleavage contained, followed the same color scheme as her panties. Her light blue tank top held her figure well and nicely contrasted her brown pants which were adorned with a large button and double stitches at the waistband and the bottoms of the legs. Her pink tennis shoes with black stitching completed her light and delicate look perfectly!

Elizabeth wasn't as popular as her friend Rebecca, but she definitely wasn't left out either. Her mid-size body and wide thighs caught eyes, along with her delicately smooth brown eyes and fully blonde hair. She stood at 5' 11" and weighed 170 lbs, a weight that reflected both her high calorie diet and the upper body exercise that she always got at her job. On the day of the story, she wore light pink panties with black stitching and a matching bra hidden underneath her black T shirt which was left with the top button undone, as well as her red mini skirt which also had red sticking. Her black shoes completed the look she was going for, strong and potent!

The day began at 10am with a phone call from Elizabeth, who was so bored that she couldn't think of what to do with her day. Glancing at her phone and recognizing the number, Rebecca cheerfully answered her girlfriend! The two exchanged good mornings and gossiped for a few minutes before Liz (she lets her friends call her Liz) finally admitted her boredom and that she had absolutely zero plans for the day. This intrigued Becca (she only let Liz call her that) who proposed that the two head out into the city for a day of fun! They could hit up restaurants and parks and bowling allies and fill their entire day with excitement! Naturally, Liz said yes to this and left within 20 minutes to go pick up her best friend!

As Liz pressed the red button on her smartphone and put it down, an evil smile extended from ear to ear! It's PERFECT! I can finally make her dance for me! She started coming up with a list of places that she wanted to visit, careful to avoid anywhere boring enough for her partner to excuse herself to the toilet.

Rebecca had no idea what she was in store for. She was just happy to have something to do with her day, and glad to be with her bestie for the entirety of her day off! She also had a couple places in mind for the day as she started her black RX-7 and took off into the morning sun! She'd always cared for the car, as it was a gift from her late father who won many local races with it! Not to mention, it's perfect polish and double layered ceramic coating made it shine like black gold and got her all the attention she ever wanted!

I'd know that sound anywhere... Thought Liz, looking out her window and seeing the black touring car coming down the road towards her house. She gave her hair one last fluff before picking up her purse and stepping through the front door, her eyes slightly squinting in the morning sun. As she locked her front door and put her keys back in her purse, her eyes once again passed over the water bottles packed in there...

Rebecca pressed unlock on the car door and honked the horn once, to which Liz took her time walking over to the car before leaning down to step into the lowered car. The two just looked at each other and giggled for a sec, although for slightly different reasons...

"Wanna go to that outdoor restaurant with the amazing pasta?" Asked Liz.

"Sure, I'm starving!" Quickly replied Rebecca.

"You mind if we do like last time?" Asked Liz, moving her hand towards the center of the car.

"Yeah, no problem at all! You did really good last time!" Said an excited Rebecca.

With that, Rebecca pushed the clutch pedal to the floor and Liz clicked the shifter into first gear.

"Off we go!" Said Rebecca, swapping clutch for gas as the two started their journey to the nearby city of sparkles!

The two couldn't be more in sync! It was only the second time Liz had been the one manning the shifter, but she knew how the car always felt when she was in the passenger seat and had memorized the way her gf always drove. After a few minutes, Rebecca stopped telling Liz when to shift gears and would just tap her hand against the wheel when it was time to change gears. She never had to wait for Liz to find the right gear, leaving the car driving almost as smoothly as it did when she was doing the shifting.

Almost an hour later, the two arrived at a busy couple blocks and left the car with the windows cracked in the restaurant parking lot before heading over to be seated. They took a table in the corner and ordered as much fancy pasta and bread sticks as they could eat! With their bellies full, the two used the toilets before heading out.

It was now nearly noon, a perfect time to visit the local park and walking trails! The both purchased the rose hip and ginseng tea from the vender at the entrance before picking a trail at random and heading out into well groomed woods. They talked about life and gossiped to their hearts content as they finished their tea and deposited the empty bottles into a recycling can as they walked. Their walk lasted about 2 hours, interrupted only by short breaks on the local benches and the need to introduce themselves to local dog walkers and pet their beautiful dogs.

"I could really go for some water right about now" Said Rebecca, her dry mouth and throat slightly skewing her voice.

"I got a couple with me, here, have one." Said Liz, handing a bottle of fruit flavored water to her gf before the two once again sat on a bench and drank their waters.

That should be enough... She's always had a delightfully small bladder... Thought Liz, giggling to herself.

"What's so funny over there?" Asked Rebecca.

"Nothing important, just remembering the first time we played frisbee here... You threw it so high we had to ask someone to climb the tree to get it down!" Said Liz, chuckling a bit harder now.

"I told you I'd never done it before." Quipped Rebecca, her urge to empty her bladder pushing her to ask to continue their walk... She'd just slip away to the restrooms before they left the park...

Her heart sank as she saw the sign on the restroom door. "Closed for Maintenance. Sorry for the inconvenience."

"Guess I just gotta wait..." Said Liz, moving her legs around a little as she faked a struggle against a filling bladder. Truth was, her bladder was so huge that she could comfortably go for another few hours, but she needed to make it look like she had to go if her plan was ever going to work... Besides, it's not like those drinks weren't hitting her too, just that there was so much room in her massive bladder that she could afford to wait quite awhile longer... She'd also had a couple drinks before leaving home, in hopes that she could produce a rather powerful stream to go along with her fake pee desperation.

"You think you can make it to the next stop?" Asked Rebecca, concerned for her friend who was now so desperate that she apparently couldn't stop from dancing in front of her gf.

"Yeah, I should be fine..." Said Liz, forcing a small blush to go along with her fake pee dance... She'd chosen a bowling alley as their next stop knowing that the leagues were in town today and they'd never be able to get into any of the local bowling alleys...

"Okay, then let's get going." Said Rebecca, walking back to the car and looking up the nearest bowling alley.

When they got there, they found that not only was there no parking left, but there was a line just to get in!

"Oh come on!" Shouted Liz, rocking in her seat a bit as she closed her legs hard enough to make sure her gf noticed... "Wanna just skip the bowling and head back? We can hang at my place."

"S-Sure..." Said Rebecca, not wanting her gf to have an accident and embarrass herself, especially not in her car! Thing is, Rebecca had to go really bad as well! Her bladder was near capacity and she fought so hard to keep from showing her desperation as another wave rode through her... She turned the car around and started the drive back... Only about halfway back, her desperation surged again as another wave crashed into her! She was easily at an 8/10! It was impossible for her to hold still and her slight movements were picked up by her gf's eagle eyes...

"OOOhhhhhh I gotta goooooooo" Whined Liz, rocking in her seat a few times as she placed her hand on her crotch. She kept her eyes to her lap before looking at her gf and quickly pulling her hand off her crotch and blushing... She was only at a 6/10 at the most, but she needed to keep the act up for her master plan to work...

"You sure you're gonna be okay? Should I pull over?" Asked Rebecca. She secretly hoped that Liz would say yes, as she was far too embarrassed to say that she needed to pull over for herself in the near future.

"Yeah, I can still wait..." Said Liz, sitting up and dropping the potty dance for a few seconds before leaning forward a bit again...

"Okay, if you're sure." Said Rebecca, disappointed that she wasn't able to get a yes out of her gf.

When the two were just a few blocks from her house, Liz tensed her body and crossed her legs tightly before leaning forward and groaning. "Almost there, almost there, almost there..." She repeated this to herself, just loud enough for Rebecca to hear. "I need a distraction." She said as she pulled out her phone and texted Tyler that it was almost his time to shine. She had this whole thing planned out and paid her neighbor $20 to help her with her fantasy! She then opened a game on her phone and continued her fake potty dance as the duo neared her house.

Rebecca finally couldn't hold still at all... Her body twitched as her bladder screamed for release! It was at 110%! The only thing stopping her from wetting herself was her pride in her image and her will to to embarrass herself in front of her gf! She barely held on as she parallel parked in front of her house and turned the car off!

"Shit shit shit!" Liz said under her breath! As she got out of the car and stood up, she forced a few spurts out which soaked through her panties and splashed to the ground under her! "COVER ME!" She yelled as she pulled her skirt up and panties and dropped to a squat behind the car! She moaned in pleasure as she forced her pee out as hard as she could, the stream slamming into the ground and echoing off the parked cars!

Rebecca stood behind her, blocking the view of any passing cars. Her bladder absolutely tormented her! She started to undo her pants in preparation for them to change places once Liz was done, all while standing bent forwards with her legs tightly crossed and her hand jammed in her crotch! As much as she wanted to keep cool in front of her friend, she was on the verge of losing it! Hearing her gf empty her bladder right behind her sent her to entirely new levels of desperation as the drops started to escape her pussy and damped her beautiful panties!

Finally, Rebecca couldn't keep quiet anymore! "C-Can you hurry up?!" She yelled to her gf, gripping herself tightly as her panties slowly started to darken inside her pants! Her entire body shook as she fought to keep the floodgates closed!

"I'm going as fast as I can!" Replied Liz, still gushing at full strength! Just on cue, Tyler left his house and began walking to the fence at the edge of his yard. Liz heard Tyler's door and and stopped her stream, locking plenty of boiling hot piss away for later! Tyler opened the gate on his fence and began walking down the sidewalk...

"Okay my turn! Quick, cover me!" Said a very embarrassed Rebecca!

"NOT YET! Someone's coming!" Said Liz, an evil grin reaching from one ear to the other as she turned around and saw her beautiful gf dancing and shaking her ass off as she struggled to contain the flood!

"Shit. Opportunities gone. Come on inside, quick, before you have an accident!" Said Liz, seeing a bunch of people coming down the sidewalks on both sides of the street... There went any hopes of privacy for poor desperate Rebecca!

"Oh come on!" Shouted Rebecca, doing her best to maintain her image as she walked while bent over forwards! She was nearly completely doubled over! Her hips swung from side to side as her bladder screamed in desperation!

Finally at the front door, Liz wasted time as she pretended to have trouble finding her keys in her purse... She heard a familiar sound as a few spurts escaped Rebecca's tightly closed thighs and hissed into her panties, creating a visible wet spot on her lovely brown pants!

Liz finally opened the front door and Rebecca dashed past her! Spurts of pee threatened to start running down her legs as she finally reached the bathroom door, only to find it locked! "C'mon c'mon c'mon!" She yelled, her flood starting to break free and run down to her knees! Rebecca urged Liz's roommate to get out of the bathroom ASAP as her hold continued to crumble... Only one thing... Liz's roommate wasn't home today. Liz had simply locked the bathroom door before she left!

Finally catching up to Rebecca, Liz's body got so hot as she took in the view of her gf doing the most frantic pee dance she'd ever seen! She couldn't help but be really turned on! It was making her so horny she couldn't control herself!

Liz stood next to her gf and smiled as she forced her floodgates open and peed as hard as she could! It shot right through her panties and splashed against the hardwood floor with tremendous force! She simply looked to the ceiling and moaned in eustasy!

This pushed Rebecca over the edge! She frantically started pulling her pants down before it started rocketing out of her! "OOOhhhhhhh!" She moaned in a mix of ecstasy and embarrassment as her bladder emptied itself into her panties! She squatted down and pulled her panties aside, her fire hose stream hissed SO LOUD as it shot out of her and splattered against the hardwood floor! Finally finished, she couldn't believe what she'd just done! She nearly began to cry as tears welled up in her eyes!

At this moment, Liz reached over and pulled Rebecca into a tight hug and thanked her for the incredible show! She began fingering Rebecca through her panties before pulling them aside and reaching into her throbbing pussy! "C'mon, let's get a shower." Said Liz, stepping into the restroom and starting the water running.

Liz was so unbelievably horny that she did something even she didn't understand... She kept her clothes on and stopped Rebecca from taking her clothes off! She pulled her gf into the shower and grabbed her boobs through her shirt and and bra as the water soaked into their clothing and the tension started to melt away from their bodies!

Rebecca was so unbelievably turned on by this! She gladly returned the favor as the two began playing with each other in the shower, eventually finding each other's G-spots and causing the hottest orgasms that either of them had ever experienced before! Finally, they took they clothes off and each washed the other as their heads started to level back out...

This is the end of this story, but don't think this is the end of these girl's adventures! Rebecca had just discovered how hot pee desperation really was! This new fetish would be with her for the rest of her life!

Thank you all for reading to the end!

Daredare205's best!

