The Very Desperate Vampire

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2021-08-07 12:43

This was a topic that came up on thisboard. Under my real name I have written a couple of books about vampires but I never address the fact that they had to go to the bathroom. This came up as a discussion in another thread where somebody mentioned a clip that they saw from the TV show Hotel Transylvania, a children's show actually, where they showed this vampire girl drinking a lot of blood and then having to go to the bathroom and I thought, that would be a perfect idea for a unique story, a supernatural take on female desperation. So yeah I think it betrays the fact that I am a horror and sci-fi writer outside of my omorashi stuff that I incorporate these ideas into it. But then when I started writing the story I thought of all these vampire rules that could get in the way of her using the bathroom and I think it just really turned out well. Also in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/7525.html

The Very Desperate Vampire

Carmela had to admit that she thought it was pretty sweet being a vampire as nobody wanted to mess with you when you are a vampire. She didn't really see any downside to being a vampire. She had spent the entire night drinking the blood of the innocent and she couldn't have felt better. One thing that she did kind of wonder is what happened to all of that blood though once she had finished consuming it.

As she continued stalking the streets at night that was when all of a sudden she felt a pressure between her legs.

"I thought that being dead meant I wouldn't have to go to the bathroom anymore!" Carmela said as she crossed her legs. She didn't realize the drinking so much blood would result in her having to urinate. She thought that when she became a vampire that she would say goodbye to urination but now she could see that that definitely wasn't true, in fact not only did she have to pee but she felt like she was positively bursting.

No problem, she thought to herself, she was always able to find a bathroom when she was a human, so it should be even easier to find a bathroom as a vampire. In fact she could see what looked like a portable restroom not that far away and there weren't even that many people in line for the bathroom.

Carmela got close but then she looked at the woman in front of her in line who was wearing a crucifix around her neck and she realized she couldn't get anywhere near her.

"Dammit this looks like it's going to be harder than I thought," Carmela said as she danced from foot to foot. She didn't know blood would make her have to pee so bad but it certainly was making her quite frantic. Why did she have to drain so many people of their life blood? If she had known she was going to need a bathroom so bad she wouldn't have drank so many people.

Carmela continued running up and down the street but since it was late at night lots of places were closed.

"I guess I'm not used to being nocturnal when all of the bathrooms are closed," she said hopping from place to place. "Oh my God I really have to go! That blood is going right through me."

She continued walking up and down the streets only to find that every place seemed to be closed. She was beginning to get panicked as she knew that she needed to find a bathroom soon or she was going to positively explode.

"Dammit I never thought I would have to pee so bad as a vampire!" she said as she continued running up and down the streets. She tapped a woman on the shoulder but as the woman turned around and saw that she didn't cast a reflection the woman screamed and ran off.

"I just wanted to know where the bathroom was, I didn't want to drink your blood, I already drank too much blood!" she shouted as the woman ran away. She realized that a lot of people had prejudice against vampires, and she had to admit she could kind of understand that, unlike racial prejudice prejudice towards vampires kind of made sense seeing as they were there to suck your life force and kill you, but it still was no excuse to be rude!

She continued running up and down the streets frantically looking for some place to relieve herself when finally she saw what looked like a pizza place was open.

"At last, a place that has a bathroom," she said as she ran into the pizza place with her hands between her legs practically hobbling over.

"Bathrooms are for paying customers only," the owner of the pizza place said shaking his head. "If you buy something I will let you use the bathroom."

She always hated that bathroom was for customers only policy, it seemed like entrapment. And considering that she couldn't actually eat any food since she was no longer among the living she figured that it was also kind of a waste for her to buy something to eat when she couldn't even actually eat it.

"Here's the thing I'm kind of a vampire and I don't really eat food," Carmela said as she hopped from foot to foot.

"Oh well why didn't you say so, I'll get you a large drink of blood," the owner said as he took out a cup and started filling it up with blood as Carmela twisted and turned in place.

"Fine give me the blood!" she said as she paid for the blood and began guzzling it down even know she knew that was probably not the best idea considering her bladder was already as full as she could possibly imagine it could get. But she figured she was about to use the bathroom and if she could get blood without having to kill anyone for it that would save her a lot of trouble later on.

Unfortunately there was a large line for the bathroom and she considered just drinking the blood of some of the people in line so that she would get to the front faster, but then she knew that a lot of owners didn't like it when vampires killed their customers, so she figured she had better just be polite and wait her turn and hope that it wouldn't take too long.

"Come on, come on, I really have to go!" she said as she jumped up and down.

A woman in front of her shook her head. "You know I don't approve of vampires, feeding on the blood of the innocent, it serves you right. Personally I hope that your bladder explodes!"

Carmela felt like eating her right then and there but she knew that if she had any more blood that her bladder was positively going to burst, and she didn't want to get in a fight with that woman while she had to pee so bad. Besides she could see that the woman had a stake at the side of her skirt and she didn't want to end up being dusted just because she got in a fight over using the bathroom.

Finally it was almost Carmela's turn when all of the sudden someone came out of the kitchen right next to the bathroom with a pizza that had a terrible odor in it.

"What is that horrible smell?!" Carmela said as she covered her nose and began retching.

"Who ordered the large garlic pizza," the waiter said as he held up the pizza right in front of Carmela.

"But I can't take the garlic smell, it's going to kill me!" Carmela said as she ran out of the store. She didn't get a chance to use the bathroom but she knew if she stood around the garlic any longer that it would end up being the end of her.

As she ran out into the street she saw what looked like a public restroom but then she saw a sign that said no vampires.

"But you let werewolves use the bathroom and they are animals, they don't even lift the seat!" Carmela said but she didn't want to pick a fight with a place that was friendly towards her arch nemesis of werewolves.

She continued running up and down the streets and now she was practically in tears. She couldn't remember the last time she had to go to the bathroom so badly, in fact it was positively inhuman. If she wasn't already dead she thought that she was going to die of an exploded bladder.

Finally she saw what looked like a place with an open bathroom until she realized it was a church and all of those crucifixes would keep her from entering.

She continued walking until she was in the residential part of town where she decided to knock on the door and a woman answered.

"Yes," the woman said as she opened the door and smiled.

"I normally would never ask this but I really really really need the bathroom," Carmela said as she stood there practically begging this woman to let her use the bathroom.

"Well normally I would let you use the bathroom but I can't help but notice that you are a vampire, and if I invite you into my house then you can come and go as you please and drink my blood in my sleep."

"But I promise that if you let me into the house I will spare your life and not drink your blood," Carmela said smiling with her fangs which were still dripping blood that she wiped from her mouth and continued smiling.

"Sorry but you don't really have a face that I can trust."

"You bitch!" Carmela said as she started running away. She could see that most of the houses had garlic or crucifixes or both somewhere on the doors and window, and she realized that it didn't look like she lived in a town that was very friendly towards vampires.

"I swear you drink a couple of people's blood to the point of death and suddenly you're the bad guy," she said as she grabbed herself and began twisting her legs like the jaws of life. "I need a bathroom, I need a bathroom more than anything in the world!"

She looked around and that's when she realized that she was not that far from home, so if she just made a run for it maybe she would be able to make it home to her own bathroom. She ran as fast as her legs would carry her, stopping every few seconds to cross her legs and whimper. But then finally she saw it, the castle where she had her toilet all to herself, but that was when she also saw it, the sunrise which was blocking the path to her house.

"No, it can't be sunrise!" Carmela said realizing that if she didn't take cover soon that she was a goner.

"Hey it is that vampire who killed my friends earlier!" another woman said as she pointed to her.

"Not now!" Carmela shouted before she ran into the nearest barn and began hanging from the ceiling with her legs tightly crossed.

A bunch of people followed her into the barn where she was now trapped because outside was the sunlight and now there was no leaving.

"Please spare me, do not destroy me and I will spare your lives!" Carmela said hanging from the ceiling with her legs tightly crossed looking like she was about to scream.

The woman smiled as she brought out a coffin. "Go ahead you can go inside of the coffin."

"Is this a trick, why would you spare me after I had taken the life of your friend?"

"Well you can get into the coffin or I can open the doors of the barn and kill you with the sunlight, it's up to you."

Carmela knew that she had no choice so reluctantly she got into the coffin which the woman then started nailing shut.

"What are you doing to me?" Carmela said as she scratched at the coffin. She continued scratching at the coffin as she felt it move until all of the sudden she heard the loud sound of running water on all sides of her that was making her go insane.

"Well as I know I have you sealed inside of your coffin and surrounded by water on all sides, and a vampire can't cross a moving body of water," the woman said. "It's also true that a vampire cannot die, so I know you're not going to die of a burst bladder, you'll just have to keep holding it, forever."

"Wait a minute you know I have to go to the bathroom?" Carmela said as she continued twisting her legs and scratching on the coffin.

"Indeed I do, now I could have just staked do you, or I could have brought you out into the light, or I could even destroyed you with the water, but I thought a better fate than eliminating you was to leave you stuck in your coffin surrounded by the sound of constant running water unable to go to the bathroom for the rest of eternity."

"No, you can't do that!"

"Watch me bitch!" the woman said as she laughed and began running away.

Carmela started screaming as she tried to get out of the coffin but she knew that she was sealed tight inside and she couldn't get away from the sound of the running water. She knew that her bladder would never explode, she knew that she could only go to the bathroom when she was free from her coffin. She knew that as long as she was stuck in that coffin her bladder would remain full but she wouldn't be able to relieve it in any way.

"I'm sure that somebody will find me soon," Carmela said trying to drown out the sound of running water that was making her more frantic by the second.

Two centuries later.

Somebody began opening the coffin to see that inside was Carmela still there with her legs twisted trembling with a look of absolute agony on her face.

"Oh my God it's a vampire, I hope she doesn't want to kill me!" the man said.

Carmela pushed the man out of the way and started charging until she saw what looked like an outhouse at long last.

"Finally I've been holding it in for 200 years!" Carmela said before she stopped right in her tracks as she realized that on the opening of the outhouse was what looked like the symbol of a crucifix at which point she just broke down and screamed.

