Her hairy pussy is not allowed to pee

Author: drawing_teapot

*000*2024-12-09 03:25

“Please, please let me pee…”

She whispered into her phone, then waited with bated breath.

”Sorry darling, your hairy pussy is simply not allowed to pee today. Ask again after 5.”

Mia’s heart dropped upon hearing that silky, seductive female voice replied. It appeared to be from an older lady, though with a timeless quality that defy age.

Her bare bottom hovered over the welcoming toilet bowl, her crotch a mess of interwoven pubic hair. No golden stream would come out of it for the time being, it seemed. She stood up, her bladder protruding angrily right above her bush and below her navel.

———

It had been three days since that fateful touch. Mia was sure she met someone, or something, supernatural and lustful. It had chosen her.

She was rushing into a toilet cubicle at a department store. Her pussy was burning with need, her bladder filled with the large americano she had earlier in the day. Locked the door, pulled down her panties and sit, she was going to release a torrent.

But nothing came out. Instead, that silky voice sounded from the next door stall.

“Hello…”

She was silent, trying to open her sphincters and let the americano out. Her pussy did not comply, only pulsing more with need due to proximity to the toilet.

“Do you need to… relieve yourself?” - The voice continued

Mia was mad. So she bit back:

“Yes!! Stop bothering me.”

The voice replied almost instantly, like a shark when scented blood:

”Great. Your bladder is not allowed to relieve today, Mia.”

Mia’s anger had transformed into shock and fear.

The voice continued:

“You’ve always wanted this. For someone to control your hairy pussy and make your bladder full.”

“Full of your pent up pee. At work, at the mall, at the gym, in your own home. Cannot pee. No relief until I let you.”

”You wanted this. Your hairy pussy is shameful. When you pee with it, people know. You don’t want people to know.”

The voice became more dark and lustful after every word. Now it was almost dripping with excitement.

”The only way to have relief is with my permission. Your bladder. Your pussy. Your pee. My permission.”

Mia was shivering and in tears. All that the voice said was truth. Was it?

Her pussy sure felt like it could not pee. Despite the desperation, and the huge bladder sitting right above it.

Mia heard doors unlocked and high heels leaving the stall next door. She just put her face into her hand and cried, while her urine-filled bladder screamed without relief.

Next

*003*2025-01-01 00:56

Previous

“…your hairy pussy is simply not allowed to pee today…”

The velvety words echoed in Mia’s mind as she tried desperately to focus on the computer screen. She sat in her cubicle, legs crossed tightly, sixteen hours worth of her own pee sitting right behind her aching pee hole. The intermittent spike in urgency had her squirming every few seconds.

But nothing would come out of her until the lady allowed it.

Despite her full bladder, Mia had a large coffee that was only barely sipped. The lady preferred this, for Mia to keep drinking, filling up her bladder herself not knowing when her next pee would be. There was no choice for Mia but to abide, lest she had no relief at all.

She had tried to rebel in the first day. Not drinking the coffee, tea and coke as she was told, and did not sit on the toilet, panties down and beg for relief as she was instructed.

But at the twenty hours mark and several times trying to pee with not a single drop escaping her hairy folds, she had to relent. Begging on bare bottom, she was kept holding for another two hours of hell. She did not wish to relive that.

Next

*005*2025-01-05 03:06

Previous

The coffee was halved. An hour had passed.

Mia was dying for the ladies'. Her legs contorted, pressed tight onto one another. Her forehead was scrunched up, focused, sweating. In her bladder, the content felt like it tripled in volume, pushing outward in all direction, mostly bulging out her tummy and downward to her private, hairy opening.

She would have opened up and relieved herself in her seat, colleagues be damned, had her been allowed.

A new message buzzed her phone.

Blank number.

"Is my girl wanting a release for her hairy pussy?"

She grabbed the phone and furiously typed.

"Yes please please please its really full in my bladder. My pussy is burning and I really need relief. Please please please please allow me to go."

Sent. Five seconds. Ten. Twenty. Each a needle jabbing her sphincters. Her bum shook. Her hairy slit saw no drop coming out.

Buzz. "Go get some privacy girl."

Work be damned. She ran, leaving her seat spinning.

