The Desperate Jog

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2023-04-21 19:05

This story was inspired by a chat I was having with somebody in my other thread and in private where they mentioned how they liked to take their female friends out jogging and enjoy the satisfaction that came with being able to go and pee in the bushes or pee on a tree like that knowing that his female companions weren't able to do likewise. And seeing as that was the last thing I was thinking of before I had that small amount of time to write I ended up writing that story, and I think it actually turned out pretty well.

It does sort of remind me from when I was younger and when I used to go in the woods with my cousins who would pee on the tree while I would hold it all day, or at my job where the men would pee outside but the women would hold it all day. Just another one of those situations that is filled with unfairness that makes desperation so much more interesting! Enjoy! Can also be read in my blog https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/12066.html

The Desperate Jog

"I guess we could go jogging together in the woods, I probably should get more exercise, how long do you think will be gone," Jill said.

"I don't know, probably just a few hours," Paul said. "Just remember to bring lots of stuff to drink because you don't want to get dehydrated while we are out jogging all day like that."

"Well yeah but you don't want to drink too much while you are out and away from, well you just don't want to drink too much either," Jill said not wanting to admit the real reason that she didn't want to drink too much while she was out in the woods like that was that she didn't want to end up having to go to the bathroom.

"Well yes it's a careful balance but it's important to stay well hydrated when you are jogging all day in the hot sun like that. I mean we will have some shade from the trees and everything but it still going to be warm, and you certainly don't want to end up dehydrated."

"Okay I will meet you in just a few minutes, let me just take care of a couple things," Jill said by which she meant she was going to go to the bathroom really well since she didn't want to have to go to the bathroom while she was out jogging.

Paul of course knew exactly what Jill was up to as he knew that she tended to go to the bathroom at every opportunity but he had never actually been jogging with her in the woods for several hours like that. Truth be told is it was all part of the fiendish plan of his to get Jill as far away from civilization as possible in the hot sun, where she would be forced to be drinking a lot and end up being stuck in a situation where she would be desperate to pee and have no other recourse, as he knew that Jill certainly wasn't the type who would pee outside.

"Okay I'm ready, let's go," Jill said as she came out a few minutes later making sure to bring a large bottle of water, the fact that made Paul smile. He realized it was a tricky game to play where he wanted to encourage Jill to hydrate herself regularly but without making it look like he was specifically trying to trap her into a situation where she would be badly in need of a bathroom.

The two of them began jogging rather slowly but as the sun began rising it started getting hot really quickly, and Paul found himself drinking a lot. Jill kept looking at him every time he started taking a drink from his water bottle and licking her lips but trying to only take small sips from her bottle.

"You know Jill you really should drink more, I know that usually you drink a lot in general, as you always have your bottle of water with you," he said.

"Well yes but when you are away from home you don't want to drink too much because, well you just don't want to be over hydrated," she said not wanting to mention the fact that the real reason she didn't want to drink too much was she knew that it would make her need a bathroom rather quickly.

"I don't think you should worry about getting over hydrated, I think you should take a couple more sips of your water, you're looking kind of exhausted," Paul said.

"No I'm fine, I just perhaps could use a break for a moment."

"You know I could actually use a pee break pretty badly," Paul said trying not to smirk too much and he could see that Jill looked as though she was frowning when he said that. "Is something the matter Jill?"

"No nothing at all, go take a break and we will meet back here in, well whenever you are done," Jill said as Paul smiled and went off into the bushes.

Sometimes Paul felt that he was being intentionally cruel, but there was something that he enjoyed more than anything else about relieving himself like that when he knew that there was a woman nearby who was unable to go to the bathroom. Something about having that freedom to relieve himself when she did not was what made these experiences so exhilarating to him. He didn't know why he liked that particular aspects so much, but something about having that little, he would almost call it a superpower, that Jill didn't, that no woman seemed to possess, sort of made him feel especially powerful, something especially really masculine about being able to piss forcefully on the bushes knowing that Jill was only a short while away standing there with her bladder filling rapidly by the moment.

As Jill watched Paul go off into the bushes to relieve himself she had to admit she would love to go to the bathroom herself. Although she had been carefully watching her liquid intake she definitely had the urge to go to the bathroom. Something about drinking and being constantly in motion like that certainly didn't help the situation. She tried not to look often Paul's direction but she found herself getting antsy just knowing that he was off relieving himself a few feet away.

As Paul started walking back with a big smile on his face and drinking more from his water bottle Jill found herself very subtly and involuntarily pressing her knees together. She didn't realize just how badly she had to go to the bathroom until she saw Paul relieving himself like that.

"Feeling better," Jill said trying not to bite her tongue at the annoyance.

"I feel a lot better, wow I really had to go," Paul said. "I really drenched those bushes! There's something about peeing in nature like that that's just so freeing, it's almost exhilarating."

"Exhilarating?"

"Yeah, something about just standing out there in the Majesty of nature and whipping it out and pissing forcefully all over nature, it's a really wonderful feeling, don't you think?"

"Yeah probably, I wouldn't know," Jill said looking as though she were getting a little bit antsy and aggravated by this line of conversation.

"You never pee outside?"

Jill shook her head. "I'm not going to expose myself like that in the middle of the woods where somebody might see, or where various critters from nature might start attacking my nether regions. Let's just say I don't want to expose my derrière to the wilderness like that."

Paul couldn't help but snicker little bit as the thought of Jill's derrière hanging out in nature was a funny image to him, but it still wasn't as entertaining of the image of Jill seemingly jogging in place or the fact that it was obvious that she needed to go to the bathroom.

"Shall we continue?" Paul said as they once again began jogging. Paul couldn't help but notice that Jill was lagging behind a little bit, and although she didn't want to she was drinking from her bottle more and more. For a moment he could see that Jill was stopping and looking around and went over to her. "Is something the matter?"

"No, it's just we've been out here for a couple of hours now, how much longer do you think we're going to be out here?" Jill said.

Paul looked around and smiled and looked at his watch. "Well the way I see it we are halfway into the woods, so I guess we are probably about half way through our journey. You're not getting tired are you?"

"No, I'm fine," she said, but Paul could see it was very clear that Jill needed to use a bathroom. She needed to use a bathroom a while ago and now it had been probably another hour that they had been jogging. The way Jill was walking he could see that she was getting obviously uncomfortable.

"Well we could take a break to rehydrate," Paul said squirting the water down his throat as Jill subtly without even noticing what she was doing crossed one leg over the other.

"Yeah I suppose we could take a break for a little while," Jill said but now all she could think about was getting to a bathroom.

"And I really have a wicked need for a piss right now," he said. "Seriously drinking this water just goes right through me."

"You don't have to announce it every time, go nuts," Jill said as she stood there reluctantly drinking from a water bottle and putting her hands on her knees as Paul went off into the woods, and Jill could see within her line of vision that he was enjoying himself watering the tree. Now she was starting to get frantic, and the fact that Paul felt a need to constantly mention that he was going to the bathroom was certainly not helping the situation.

As Paul came back swinging his arms confidently with a huge smile on his face Jill felt like slapping him but she didn't want to seem like she was crazy or something, so she simply smiled as he came back.

"It felt better coming out the second time than it did the first time, you know how once you break the seal and everything," Paul said.

"Um, yeah," Jill said and now she was having a hard time not crossing her legs in an obvious manner.

"Are you sure you don't want to stop and maybe take care of business," he said looking over in the direction of the bushes.

"Yeah I don't want my ass to be bitten by a snake or stung by some kind of who knows what," Jill said. "Let's just keep jogging and we will be home soon enough."

"Okay but remember don't dehydrate yourself."

"Don't worry I think I have a lot of fluid inside of me right now," Jill said embarrassed to admit that she was just admitting that her bladder was extremely full. "I guess we'll just keep jogging and hopefully I will sweat it out."

"Okay whatever you feel is best," Paul said as they continued jogging. He could see that Jill was pausing every few moments and pressing her knees together and crossing her legs in a manner that was far from subtle. He could see that she was going out of her mind but just seeing her like that and knowing that there was no escape from the situation was exciting him like crazy.

"How much further do we have to go?" Jill said sort of jogging in place and dancing from foot to foot.

"Let me look at the map," Paul said as he smiled as he saw that there was a way home that would probably take them even longer, maybe even significantly longer, and he knew which path they were going to take. "You know I think I remember that there was a shortcut around here."

"Well I certainly hope it is shorter as we have been out here for a really long time now and I feel like I'm getting really tired." What she really was ready to scream was that her bladder was ready to explode but she didn't want to give away that priceless piece of information.

"Yeah we don't want to push things too far, you know we should probably take another break, cause honestly I really really need to piss once again."

"Jesus that is like the third time!"

"Well like I said it is important to stay hydrated when you are out on a jog like this, and I have been staying well hydrated, I have been drinking a real lot, and once you break the seal it really goes through you."

"Hey I've been drinking a lot too, and I haven't been stopping to piss every time we take a pause."

"Nothing is stopping you."

"Anatomy and my own personal inhibitions are stopping me pretty firmly in my tracks."

"Are you sure you don't want to go?"

"Oh my God stop talking about it, just go take a piss if you going to take a piss!" Jill shouted as this was becoming unbearable.

"I think I will, be right back," Paul said and he couldn't help but laugh as he walked off into the woods and started peeing in the bushes once again. He couldn't believe how much he had peed as he felt like this time he peed more than ever. As he came back with a confident stride he could see that Jill looked as though she was doing breathing exercises to try and maintain her equilibrium. "Wow I can't believe how much I went that time!" Paul said as Jill glared at him in a way that told him he had better shut up.

"Come on, let's just go, I'm eager to get home now," Jill said and they both knew exactly why. All Jill could think about was sitting her ass down on her toilet and letting loose but it seemed like Paul was intentionally lagging behind, stopping every few moments to catch his breath. In truth it was just a tactic to delay them getting home further. "Come on I think we are almost there," Jill said.

"Just a second, I really really need a break right now," Paul said as Jill started pulling at her hair in frustration as Paul went just a few feet away, close enough that Jill could literally hear his pee hitting up against the tree as she stood there now openly grabbing herself.

"Okay no more breaks, we really have to get home now," Jill said as she began sprinting but stopping every couple of moments to grab herself and press her knees together and cross her legs.

"You know I think I know another shortcut," Paul said as he held up the map but as Jill looked at him he realized that she had lost faith in his so-called shortcuts, which probably took twice as long as going the original way. "Or maybe not, shortcuts aren't always the quickest way after all, the name can be misleading!"

They continued running, both practically out of breath, until they saw the clearing and knew that they were almost home.

"Well Jill it has been nice jogging with you, I hope we can do it again sometime," Paul said smiling as he could see that Jill was still jogging in place and practically hopping up and down.

"Yeah it was a lot of fun but I really really really really have to get home right now," Jill said as she started running fastest for the homestretch. She didn't really think it was possible for her to run that fast, particularly with such an uncomfortably full bladder, but as she saw her home she could barely contain herself as she went to reach for the doorknob to realize it was locked.

She immediately began looking in her purse until she realized to her horror that she had left her keys in the house.

"No no no," she said as she grabbed herself and began to panic until she remembered that she had a spare key hidden in a fake rock. She couldn't remember exactly where she had hidden it but as she started looking in the trees the pressure that she was putting on her bladder by bending over was certainly not making the situation any easier. Finally she found the rock and she found the key, and she could barely stand still long enough to insert the key into the door and practically broke the door down when it finally opened.

"Gotta go, gotta go, gotta go right now," Jill said as she pulled open the door to the bathroom, jerked her pants down and slammed her ass down on the toilet as she began peeing louder and more forcefully than she ever remember doing before, and it seemed to go on forever and ever, almost longer than all of the times that Paul went combined.

Finally Jill finished up and decided that she would take a shower. She felt rather sweaty but looking at what she had just done in the toilet bowl she could say confidently that she didn't really sweat out all that much during the entire day.

"You know nothing gets you running like a full bladder," she said as she laughed to herself and got into the shower.

*003*2023-04-22 16:09

@NormalPeople

"If a girl is desperate and is miles away from people, she will probably pee, hiding behind a bush. The boy won't be able to see her, because she will move away. So it's really weird that Jill doesn't pee while jogging in the wood. If the two friends were in one place with other people around, like a urban park or a street, it would be different. The girl wouldn't pee for fear of being seen by someone, while the boy could pee in seconds."

Well the story was directly inspired by our private conversations about you peeing in front of your female friends that you are jogging with who you said also didn't pee, like most of the characters in my stories the characters directly based on me who doesn't pee outside. Honestly I think that most women probably don't pee when they are outside like that. I mean I have never seen it before, although granted my outdoor experience of holding all day involving other women are basically the two women that I worked with for those years who also didn't pee and that's pretty much it, and the people in my family who also didn't pee, at least the women wouldn't, the boys would of course be all over the trees!

I mean maybe some women who are much more outdoorsy and are used to really long walks like that wouldn't have a problem with just peeing outside like that but I think that the majority of women probably just hold it. Like there's this other guy I chat with sometimes who mentions that he goes on hikes with a lot of the women and for the most part they just end up holding it the entire time and I think that that's probably pretty normal in general.

But also from the purposes of a dramatic story standpoint If my character was willing to pee outside then she would just pee outside and the story would be over in a few lines and nothing would happen so…

"I would like to read a greater description of the girl's feelings at the exact moment she is looking at her friend. More description of his frustration."

And a lot of my other longer stories and especially in the novella and novel length ones I do tend to get more in the character's head but I figured this was much more of a brief story in general. Honestly I spent pretty much the entire night that I wrote this just posting on this board and then I ended up writing this in like a half hour because it was probably the shortest thing I could think of to actually finish in the time that I had.

But yeah if you look at a lot of my other stories they are very much in the character's head kind of stories, and that's true even in my non-omorashi stories, and in a lot of my sci-fi stories it's actually very literal as I have telepathic characters and whatnot so they not just getting their own heads but the heads of others!

But I'm glad you enjoyed the story as you pretty much were the one who inspired it with your stories about your jobs with your female friends.

@rebeljaffa

"This story is what I wish would have happened!"

I mean it pretty much is kind of what happened to me in my job and when I used to go for walks in the woods with my cousins. I never actually went jogging because I run a few paces and then I'm completely out of breath as I am terribly out of shape, but I have experienced something like this, being outdoors for an extended amount of time without a bathroom, so I can definitely speak from personal experience on this one.

*007*2023-04-24 16:56

@NormalPeople

"The story is very good, my intention is just to give you a suggestion to make it even more engaging, realistic and exciting."

Realistic is in the eye of the beholder. I based it on what I would do in that situation and for me realistically I would have no choice but to hold it and to me that's the more exciting situation. Like I said if my character was willing to pee outside there would essentially be no conflict to the story, she would pee and then the story would be over.

"do you want to start playing sports? Do we jog together all day?"

I'm no athlete, I get tired walking up the stairs, and my cat can go from the top of the stairs to the bottom of the stairs before I can even take one step! So yeah I'm pretty out of shape. When I was younger I used to go for walks in the woods with my cousins but jogging I think I would probably run out of breath after like a few paces LOL.

It's funny because my family were all big on sports and everything and I was sort of like this out of shape kind of nerd with chronic illness. Like the total opposite.

"I loved the story and am proud to have been an inspiration. I often find myself in this situation with my runner friend. I wrote it in a post. When I get the chance I'll do something crueler, make the run longer or give my friend a lot to drink a few hours before the run. I will tell you.

Until today only I have peed and she has only looked at me. I wish she could pee with me too."

I'm glad I inspired evil thoughts in you, it's nice to know that I'm hoping to corrupt people! But once again I consider it ironic that I gave you ideas for making your jogs with your female companion crueler on her bladder, it's once again another one of those situations where guys can get women into the situations but the opposite will probably never happen.

