Mind control

Author: Delta

*000*2017-04-01 14:39

Hey boys and girls just wanted to ask if anyone would want a story about a high school girl that seems normal but her father gave her nanobots when she was little when under the control for the bots she's a assassin devoid of any emotion and feelings to the point where she I will say it how it is soils herself each time she is activated but on a added note when the urge to go while active also lets go lets me know cause I want to make a bit of a novel for the hell of it cheers

*004*2017-04-07 15:33

Feel free to give any ideas there more than welcome and as for grammatical errors indeed not perfect tis my first time will review and ask for others opinions will give an update on progress hopefully with in a week if work gets off my back >.<

*006*2017-04-27 19:08

Just a quickie peeps going to give a little teaser see what you guys think nothing major not setting any massive background to it just to the point I guess.

March 14th status update...um yes doctor reports show that the black marked target is going on vacation,

Doctor: hmmm where about in the world

Dubai

Doctor: Dubai hmmm perfect place to test our new sniper and project sakura *smile*

Yes doctor shall I said make it so

Doctor: yes activate project sakura

Once the code is sent the nanobots send a single to the brain and override all function key to the success of the mission. sakura at the time was at home when it was sent. still in her school uniform making tea.

Making her way to the door she put her shoes back on and got into a black car waiting outside for her mission a update and a 50.cal sniper where on the seat next to her. about 6hours later she was lying in wait over a mile away on top of a sand dune.

Sakura needed the loo but the mission was her only mind-set cause of the program of the nanobots controlling her. 40mins went by before nature called at the time she was lying down on top of a cover over the sand as to not sink. the clothes she was wearing was a black skirt a white shirt with the school tie around her neck bow in her long blonde hair black tights and blue cotton panties.

Looking into the scope of the sniper she started panting slowly at first nothing happened but after a few moments a little wet patch started to show on her panties no bigger than a coin large coin. she panted again and this time the patch grew going up to her bum cheeks and stopped.

At this point her panties went dark from the pee after one last pant she gave before the flood gates opened pee ran down between her legs making a big puddle soaking her tights panties and shoes and most of her skirt the steam was so powerful coming out of her it was hissing for over 20seconds before stopping.

*007*2017-04-27 19:09

Lol sorry noticed some errors my bad

