Millie Madaffari the MVP (Tremethyk)

Author: desertfc

*000*2019-01-30 19:41

Hi guys, this is a little side story written to bring a little more depth to my main project that some of you may have heard of. millie is very important in my universe even if this is her first outing as a protagonist, so you can expect more of her 'side quests' like this in the future. probably will get more brazen though.

See you again, soonish

- Des

Emiliana Madaffari: Part I

The oblong Hector Arabi Sports Hall was easily the biggest building on the Westlands Academy campus. Almost as large as a stadium, it towered over the adjacent Law Faculty, taller by a storey even than the Faculty spire. In the height of winter, the ground level Law classrooms would receive little sunlight and the courtyard would receive none at all.

In spite of its name, the sports hall itself made up only a small fraction of the building. The building itself was a labyrinthine complex of laboratories, test centres, classrooms, offices, and even an underground particle accelerator.

On most days the building would be abuzz with the to-and-fros of students, researchers, and Academy staff. But on the late afternoon of the first Sunday of the Spring break the building lay dormant and unlit - for the most part. The occasional rumble of the physics lab’s automated equipment echoed dully along the deserted corridors and even into the timber sports hall proper which today hosted a best-of-three-games qualifying fixture for the Girls’ Volleyball Regionals.

Apart from the players, their coaches, and the competition staff, the hall was totally empty with not even one spectator. The awkward stuffy silence of the mostly empty hall was only broken by the squeak of running shoes on the polished timber flooring, the bounce of the ball, and the occasional whistle from the court referee and congratulatory banter among the players after points won. But the absent spectators didn’t know what they were missing.

An upset appeared to be on the cards today with the young ladies from the Riverside College outclassing their highly fancied red-and-silver bedecked opponents from The City School for Girls.

The Riverside girls had trounced their opponents in the opening game and led by a healthy margin in the second. This was largely thanks to the stunning debut performance of the Riverside College’s newest MVP Emiliana Madaffari, who sat nervously cross-legged on a plastic seat in the coach’s booth.

Millie had had a whirlwind of a day. She was a sporty girl, but she had never before tried her hand at volleyball. Her friend Izzy had asked her that morning to fill in for a sick teammate and she had agreed on the spot even though she’d harboured doubts in her head about how effective a player she could be.

Millie was already a year younger than her teammates and opponents, and she was petite even for her age. The net stood a good couple of feet over her head and she was the shortest person present by a few self-conscious inches. When she’d arrived with her teammates she’d thought she’d be a burden. She’d proven herself wrong.

She’d proven her teammates wrong, too. Before the game they’d introduced themselves politely but somewhat distantly. Millie could tell that they were disappointed to see that she was not exactly an Amazon. She half-expected that she wouldn’t be doing much more than fetching them drinks from the Gatorade barrel.

Their coach Alex would have none of it, though, and much to Millie’s surprise and embarrassment, he approached her after scrutinising her in the warm-up and asked her to start in place of Isabelle.

She was mortified to be asked to replace her friend, but when Izzy heard she laughed heartily and playfully shoved Millie out onto the court with a wink before collapsing into a chair beside the court and folding her arms with mock indignation.

Millie was grateful for her friend’s magnanimousness even as her other teammates gave their coach quizzical looks as they joined her on the court. For one thing, she’d been anxious to get on the court as soon as possible, worried that an extended wait on the bench would build her nerves up to breaking point. For another thing, she did not want to refuse her coach. Alex had struck her as a dead-set hottie.

Alex was six or seven years older than the girls playing; a postgraduate conducting research in the very building in which they were playing today. Like Millie he wasn’t especially tall, being maybe an inch shy of average height and lithe. His brown hair was a few shades darker than Millie’s light brown tresses, but his eyes were his real asset – intense and green so vivid that they practically glowed. Millie had gotten butterflies in her chest the first time he’d turned them on her. She really did not want to let them down today.

Whether it was the pressure of the moment, her natural ability, or simply her schoolgirl crush spurring her on to metaphorical and literal new heights, Millie played out of her skin to the astonishment of her teammates and the whooping approval of Izzy from the bench. She was everywhere, saving certain winners, setting, spiking, high-fiving her teammates after winner upon winner, getting pats on the back during the occasional drinks break.

By the time a suitably impressed Alex substituted her off at the end of the first game, Millie was walking on air.

‘Outstanding, Emily,’ Alex enthused as she came off. ‘You’re a real natural. I hope you’re planning on coming back next season!’

Rapt, Millie breathlessly thanked him and floated over to the bench feeling her butterflies again, too caught up in the moment to want to correct Alex on her name.

Seating herself on the bench, Millie was buzzing. It had been one of the most extraordinary days of her life, almost a dream. In the space of one afternoon she’d tried her hand at a new sport and had a ridiculous amount of fun, made a bunch of friends out of total strangers, and blown the competition out of the water in front of a coach so good looking he’d made her blush just by smiling at her.

Millie had a hard time calming down and kept breaking into secret smiles to herself and silent giggles as she went over the day’s events in her head. She sipped periodically at her Gatorade, watching Izzy and her teammates race to a lead in the second match. Millie’s performance had inspired them all and they had barely lost a point as they outplayed their shell-shocked opponents.

Still, sitting on the bench had made Millie aware of a need to pee. It wasn’t urgent, yet though and she was confident she could hold it until she got home. She watched as Izzy leapt high near the net to smash through the winning point and moments later her teammates came over to join her and the coach for a quick drinks break.

‘I’d say this is pretty much over now, wouldn’t you?’ gloated brown-haired Lara as the team came off the court. ‘Is there a mercy rule in volleyball?’

‘Job’s not quite done yet, girls,’ Alex warned. ‘Don’t lose focus.’

‘Relax, coach,’ Izzy said brightly. ‘Have you ever known us to get carried away?’

‘Well, we lost the last three rounds from winning positions, I won’t have you blowing it out there again-…‘

‘Where’s our little star?’ boomed Valerie in interruption. ‘You’re sensational, Millie!’

Millie smiled with a rosy blush coming to her cheeks.

‘You guys have been carrying me, honestly,’ Millie demurred modestly. ‘I just got lucky.’

‘Sure, sure,’ Lara said, half-enviously. ‘Got any more of that luck to spare for next week?’

‘Ha ha!’ Val laughed heartily. ‘Where did you find this one Izzy? Couldn’t hurt to have one or two more!’

‘Oh, she’s been wanting in on the team for weeks, you should see her practising after class each day,’ Izzy joked, causing Millie to stick her tongue out at her.

‘Well, I’m glad at least somebody’s been practising,’ Alex said pointedly. ‘Anyway, we’re going to need a big effort in the next game to get this all wrapped up. Now, some pointers I’ve got for you…’

As Alex started talking tactics, Millie felt the butterflies reappear and she couldn’t help but feel herself tune out his actual words. She couldn’t work Alex out. His features seemed almost feminine with a soft jawline flowing down to a pointed but modest chin, while his large emerald eyes boasted small and defined eyebrows that were more elegant than most of the girls’!

But his pale skin was drawn taught over that same soft face, dominated by the commanding, determined expression he brought to everything that he did. When he looked to her to give instructions she barely heard, she could see a fire in his green eyes. She’d never seen anybody who looked so awake and so alive.

Her daydream came crashing to an end when Val accidentally bumped her as she bent down to fill up her bottle from the Gatorade barrel, and it suddenly occurred to Millie that she’d been sitting there gazing at Alex with her mouth half-open like a dork.

Feeling a bit self-conscious, she picked up her own drink and took a few sips while casually looking around to see if anybody else had noticed. Fortunately, they all seemed focused on the team talk. She, too, turned back to Alex, but this time made a bit of a show of taking gulps from her bottle and doing her best to casually look like she hadn’t just been perving on the coach.

‘One last thing,’ said Alex, concluding his pep talk, ‘Your heads were dropping out there towards the end, don’t go thinking I didn’t see that. I want to see some energy out there now! Nobody wants to be here ‘til midnight.’

‘Not when you’ve promised to shout us PIZZA after the game!’ Izzy reminded Alex in a singsong voice.

‘Hey, that’s only if you actually win this time!’

‘Yeah, I can taste that Italian crust already,’ said Val confidently, and just then the referee blew her whistle to summon the players back. ‘C’mon, girls, let’s go bring home the prosciutto!’ Val howled triumphantly.

The girls started to follow her back onto the court. Millie was happy to let them go and do their thing. Her need to pee had become a bit more noticeable during the break and she turned back to sit down, wishing that she hadn’t swigged half her bottle of Gatorade just to cover up her stupid crush. But as she walked over to the plastic chairs she saw Mary, the sandy-haired girl who had been very quiet for most of the afternoon, already sitting there looking miserable.

Mary looked up as Millie approached.

‘Millie, can I ask a favour?’ she asked quietly.

‘Sure, what’s up?’ Millie asked with some concern, sitting down next to her.

‘Well… I’ve had some bad cramps today,’ Mary said, looking down bashfully. ‘I can play through it, but if you wouldn’t mind starting this game…’

Millie hesitated. She was definitely feeling the pressure in her bladder now, and she’d already been banking on being able to literally sit out the next game. Jumping around was not going to be fun. But when she saw a tear running down Mary’s cheek, she knew she couldn’t say no.

‘You’ve got it, no worries, chicky!’ Millie chirped with a smile bigger than she thought she could muster. ‘You rest up, you earned it that last game!’

‘Thanks,’ said Mary gratefully, then looked down. ‘Please don’t tell the others.’

‘Not a word,’ Millie promised, mimicking drawing a zip across her lips.

Millie turned back to the court, not certain at all in her ability to be able to hold it through the game and the bus trip home afterwards. Surely there had to be bathrooms somewhere in this giant building? She’d just have to go hunt for them after the match.

She brushed past Alex and gleefully noticed that he had his eyes locked on her as she bounced out onto the court. She pulled up next to Izzy who was standing there looking past her at the bench.

‘Poor thing,’ empathised Izzy knowingly. ‘She’s been suffering all day.’

‘What?!’ exclaimed Millie in surprise. ‘W-What do you mean?’

‘Her period, you dolt,’ Izzy snorted as she punched Millie’s shoulder jovially. ‘That’s why she’s sitting out.’

‘But I-… I didn’t say anything!’ insisted Millie, protesting her innocence.

‘And? Did you think we hadn’t all noticed by now?’

‘Well, I didn’t,’ said Millie flatly.

‘That’s probably ‘cause you’ve been so distracted by the coach all day,’ teased Izzy.

‘He- He wasn’t distracting me!’ blurted Millie as she felt her traitorous face glow crimson.

‘Sure, sure!’ tittered Izzy mischievously, before continuing in a slightly too loud singsong voice, ‘Millie and Alex, sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-‘

‘Knock it off!’ Millie snarled, swiping at her dancing teammate who casually dodged while laughing at her.

‘Izzy’s right, though, Millie,’ said Lara seriously from behind the two of them. ‘Mind on the game, not on what’s in Alex’s pants.’

‘IT WASN’T ON-‘

The whistle blew and the game was under way. Millie threw herself back into the action and in mere moments she’d become absorbed in the contest again. Izzy and Lara’s teasing had wound her up a bit and she played with a renewed vigour now, diving to rescue near certain winners, and pouncing high to smash back some of her own.

But the more she played, the calmer she felt. The ball became bigger and its pathing became more predictable. She would start moving to where it was coming before it had been hit, and her returns were carefully placed to be as awkward for her opponents as possible. Her teammates could tell that she had mentally transcended into that zen state of mind that cricketers and baseballers call being ‘in the zone’. She could sense that they were giving her space to work her magic.

In what seemed like no time the Riverside girls had raced out to a ten-point lead. Millie saved her teammates again, leaping low to get under a lob that had beaten her teammates, allowing Val to set and Lara to jam it back.

Millie had been playing almost like in a trance, but now the spell was broken as she landed roughly on the ground. As she impacted the lacquered wooden boards she felt her bladder contract painfully, but fortunately nothing came out. With wide eyes she realised she was getting close to her limits. Just moving around was getting harder and harder.

In any case, the City School girls were rattled by her determination and they fumbled the return. Izzy helped Millie up while Lara and Val exchanged high fives.

‘You should see the look on his face right now!’ quipped Izzy, staring back over her shoulder at the bleachers.

Alex! Millie hadn’t noticed her discomfort before, but now that she remembered he was there watching so closely, she couldn’t put it out of her mind now. Suddenly she felt a bucketload of nerves. A terrible anxiety washed over her as she began to imagine herself standing there wetting herself, right there, right then, in full, unmistakable view of all her teammates, the other girls, the refs, and her green-eyed idol.

She gasped. This time she was sure she felt a squirt go into her shorts. But the moment passed, and she crouched down onto her haunches and panted. Frantically she glanced down to see if there was a wet spot on her crotch, but her navy shorts didn’t seem to show anything.

She felt a hand on her knee.

‘You alright?’ asked Izzy, crouching down next to her with some concern on her face.

Millie looked up at her ashen-faced.

‘Millie? What’s wrong?’ demanded Izzy, looking very worried now, ‘Did you hurt yourself?’

Millie shook her head. The panic was subsiding and the urge to pee subsided with it.

In any case, she glanced back to the sideline hopefully to see if Mary was feeling better. But she realised with surprise that both Alex and Mary were nowhere to be seen.

By now the other girls had noticed Millie’s knock.

‘You can go off, you know,’ said Lara, reading her mind. ‘We’ll be alright. We won’t drop an eleven-point lead.’

Millie looked longingly at the seat where Mary had been sitting. Could they manage without her? She looked over towards the door when she finally spotted Alex and realised he was striding over to the girls from the other side of the hall to see what had happened. For a moment she was confused. Why had he left the hall during the match? And where was Mary?

But in seconds her confusion gave way to a frightening realisation that if she actually did have a wet patch on her shorts Alex might see it if he got close enough. She’d die if that happened, so she made an instant decision to get back on her feet.

‘I’m okay! I’m okay,’ she assured her teammates who’d clustered around her, ‘I just got a bit winded, that’s all.’

As she’d hoped, Alex stopped when he saw her upright again jogging on the spot like a boxer who’d just been knocked down. He raised one elegant eyebrow and stood on the spot for a moment wondering whether he ought to check up on her anyway. To Millie’s relief, he eventually shrugged and moved back to the bleachers.

‘You really sure about this, babe?’ asked Izzy doubtfully, knowing her friend well enough to know when she was putting on a façade.

‘I’m fine! I’m fine!’ replied Millie, hoping that enough repetition would make it true. ‘Let’s play!’

Millie marvelled at how much her need to pee had receded, and now she felt very confident she’d make it through the rest of the game. After the next couple of points, she subtly checked out her crotch and was dismayed to see that there definitely was a small patch that looked a little darker than the rest of the navy.

In light of this discovery, Millie became very self-conscious. Lara and Val were both behind her and they must surely be able to see the wet patch on her shorts. She doubtfully wondered to herself whether she could pass it off as sweat. But why did volleyball have to have these stupid close-fitting shorts, anyway?

Being a late bloomer, Millie had always been a bit insecure about her body. Her boobs had developed, but not quite like some of her classmates’ had. And her insecurity about this had translated into a general diffidence about her body in general. Alex must have been getting an eyeful of my fat butt all day in these stupid pants, she thought to herself miserably. He must think I’m such a loser.

These negative mantras filled up her head with useless self-criticism making it impossible to fully focus on the game. Unfortunately for Millie, there was still a game going on, and when her distraction blinded her to a ball that had been spiked into her midriff she was sent sprawling backwards.

The impact winded her and immediately brought tears to her eyes as she fell backwards onto her ass, sliding a little backwards along the lacquered floor. When she came to a stop, she immediately bent forward and pulled her knees up, clutching her abdomen and rocking backwards and forwards in pain.

Her teammates were already around her, she could feel herself being supported from behind. Somebody asked her where she was hurt and when she tried to answer she realised she was crying.

‘M-M-My tummy,’ stammered Millie, sobbing between gasps of air. The ball had hit just above her navel and the impact zone felt like it was on fire. She could hear one of The City girls kneeling next to her and crying herself, apologising repeatedly and profusely as if she had been to blame for Millie’s lack of attention.

Millie was shaking now, but she was beginning to get her breath back.

‘Millie! Millie! Are you okay?’

Alex had finally reached them, and was rummaging through a duffel bag he’d brought with him.

With her heartthrob having arrived, Millie stubbornly resolved to stop crying and try to be strong. She was still sobbing a bit, but she forced a smile.

‘R-right as rain, c-coach,’ she lied pathetically, a stupid grin plastered across her face as tears streamed down her cheeks.

Alex looked at her and shook his head.

‘Give me a hand getting her over to the bleachers,’ Alex commanded to one of the girls.

Millie felt whoever had been supporting her back shift to get an arm under her other shoulder, and Alex and her as yet unidentified teammate helped her walk off the court to the plastic chairs.

As they passed through the little pods of shocked faces whispering to each other, Millie turned her head to see Izzy supporting her from her left side.

‘Told you you should have gone off, you idiot,’ scolded Izzy.

Millie chuckled in spite of herself. She wasn’t crying anymore, but she could still feel the adrenaline rushing as they turned her around and dumped her into the plastic seat.

‘We’ll be right from here, Izzy. Get the match going again,’ Alex advised the other girl.

‘One sec, coach,’ Izzy leaned down and gave Millie a hug and an encouraging peck on the cheek, ‘Thanks for winning us the match today, Millie,’ she whispered in her ear. ‘I’ll be right back, stay strong, girl.’

Izzy returned to the court as Alex pulled an aerosol can out of his bag and inspected the rear label for a few seconds. After being satisfied with the directions he turned back to Millie.

‘Millie, I’m going to need you to lift up your shirt so I can put this on,’ Alex asked patiently.

Millie complied, though in doing so she couldn’t help but feel that this wasn’t quite how she’d imagined undressing herself in front of him for the first time.

As she rolled her shirt up to just below her bra, she heard an intake of breath.

‘Ouch. You’re gonna have quite a bruise, Millie,’ said Alex with a wince.

Millie looked down and saw the welts that formed a big imprint of the Wilson volleyball that had bowled her over. Alex started shaking the aerosol can.

‘Wait, a second,’ she realised, ‘is that can-…’

And then she flinched as Alex used the spray on the affected area. The icy mist both stung and tickled. It felt like it was freezing and burning at the same time. And as he moved it backwards and forth over the area, she couldn’t help but twist, and wince, and giggle. And then to her horror she realised she was peeing in spurts.

‘Coach. Coach! Stop! Coach! Alex! Stop! Alex! Please!’ Millie begged as she squirmed.

He did stop.

‘Millie, if I don’t get this on it’s going to be worse,’ Alex reasoned with her, ‘I know it’s uncomfortable, but we need to stop the swelling.’

Millie didn’t know what to do. She was certain that if he started again she would completely lose control and flood her chair, probably getting piss all over his hands in the process. But she hadn’t the faintest idea where the bathrooms were in the building and she realised she probably wouldn’t make it even twenty metres anyway.

She burst into tears again.

‘Millie! Oh, Millie…’ Alex put the can down on the concrete floor. He sat down in the seat next to her and put his arm around her shoulder allowing her to lean into him. She cried into his shoulder for a few seconds while he held her as comfortingly as he could manage. Eventually she managed to compose herself.

‘P-p-please d-don’t use that th-thing on me again!’ she spluttered.

‘It will make it better, Millie,’ Alex promised, ‘I know it feels terrible now, but it will help, I promise you.’

‘But… I…’ Millie struggled to find an excuse to dissuade him, but she couldn’t think of anything. And to make things worse, her need to pee was intensifying by the second.

As she wiggled her legs uncomfortably, Alex looked down and finally put two and two together.

‘Oh, Millie,’ he said sadly, ‘Why didn’t you ask to go earlier?’

She looked up at him in horror, desperately hoping he was referring to something other than the terrible thing she didn’t want him to know about.

‘Wh-What do you m-mean…’

Alex didn’t reply straight away. He could see the wet patch on her shorts and the little puddle between her thighs on the plastic seat she was sitting in.

‘We’re going to have to get this spray on, Millie,’ Alex insisted. ‘And…’

He glanced back over his shoulder. The match had resumed and was down to the last few points. Nobody would be looking this way for a few minutes. He turned back to Millie.

‘I can keep a secret if you can,’ he whispered.

And now Millie knew for sure. Alex knew. And she knew that he knew. And she also knew that this plan he’d come up with was probably her only way out. But he was going to know!

She looked up and realised Alex was crouching in front of her, waiting patiently. She could say no. But what else was she going to do? Her urge was getting worse, she knew it’d be on her in seconds.

She finally met his gaze.

‘I’m going to pee my pants,’ she confessed tearfully, as if he didn’t already know. But it felt important to have the words pass through her lips.

‘I know.’

‘You- You won’t tell anyone will you?’ Millie pleaded desperately.

Alex shook his head.

‘You promise?!’

‘Pinky promise,’ he said smiling, and held up his right hand with pinky finger symbolically extended.

She giggled in spite of herself, but then the smile was gone.

‘You must think I’m such a loser,’ croaked Millie, feeling certain that this would mar her forever in his eyes. ‘I… I liked you so much!’ she confessed painfully, hiding her face in her hands.

Alex hugged her again, and when he pulled back to speak to her again he gently but firmly pulled her hands away from her face and held them in her lap. She turned her face to the side, unable to meet his eyes. He could see she was really juggling her legs now.

‘You’re not a loser,’ he declared, ‘You know, in five years coaching volleyball, I don’t remember seeing somebody who was more of a winner. You gave your all out there for your teammates. Maybe you gave a bit too much. That’s why you’re here now. But I’m here with you, too. And I wish you didn’t hate yourself so much, because I certainly don’t.’

Millie still wouldn’t look at Alex. She looked at the floor, at the bags strewn across the ground, at the water bottles, at just about anything else. But his stillness eventually drew her gaze back to him. He was just kneeling there calmly, holding her hand.

And then the urge to pee was back, and she knew this time she wouldn’t be able to hold it. Frantically she pulled her hands away from him and buried them in her crotch.

‘No, no, no, nonononono!’

She felt a long spurt wet her pants again. And another. And another. The dam was bursting. With tears in her eyes she looked up at Alex pleadingly, and he suddenly knew exactly what to do.

He took off his jacket and draped it over the confused girl’s quivering thighs.

‘Our secret,’ Alex said again. ‘Double pinky promise?’

He half-jokingly held out both hands with pinkies extended, and to his surprise she reached out and grabbed them, holding them tightly in her lap over his jacket, so firmly he thought she would never let go.

Then Millie sighed and at long last she gave up the good fight. As she relaxed, what had been spurts became a stream. A powerful, hissing stream as she felt liquid and heat swirling between her thighs. The warmth spread under her curvy bum and soaked everything down there as she gave in and completely pissed her navy volleyball shorts. She could hear the urine trickling off the front of her seat, and then flooding the back to the extent that it began cascading over the sides.

On and on she peed, relief mingling with humiliation as she realised that not only was she totally wetting herself in front of this unfairly attractive guy, but that the extent to which she had flooded herself would be impossible to hide from anyone who looked over now, or who came over when the match was over. But it was far too late to stop anything now.

She finally opened her eyes and blinked with tears blurring her vision. Alex was still there in front of her, and she realised he was obstructing her view of the match – and therefore the match’s view of her. Her pee puddle had reached his shoes a good twenty seconds ago, but still he didn’t move or even let go of her hands. She couldn’t believe that she was still peeing, but finally the stream started to slow. The trickling from plastic onto concrete began to slow, and she looked down to inspect the damage before remembering that Alex had laid his coat across her lap. If his body hadn’t shielded her from view, the now sodden coat would have done the rest.

Alex finally let go of her hands, and hearing the trickles slow to a stop, he gently lifted his coat up and tossed it aside on the ground.

Millie couldn’t believe her eyes. Her shorts were soaked top to bottom. She could understand why her butt was soaked to the skin, but even the top side of her pants barely had a dry spot. The seat meanwhile was topped to the brim with her piss, and the puddle beneath her was a lake almost two metres in diameter.

Millie was stunned. She couldn’t believe she pissed so much, and she looked up at the volleyball court. In horror, she realised that the two teams were shaking hands and Izzy was already on the way back, skipping in apparent delight at the result. In despair, Millie realised that there was no escape.

‘CONGRATULATIONS, NOOBIE!’ Millie heard Alex shout behind her, and she turned in confusion just in time to see the contents and the interior of the Gatorade cooler being dumped on her head.

She heard laughter coming from the volleyball court.

‘Hey, no fair! You promised I’d get to be the one to dunk her, coach!’ Izzy shouted indignantly.

‘Well, she’s been a little trooper with that ice spray,’ Millie heard Alex explaining, ‘Thought she could use some warming up!’

Millie raged inside the barrel even as the last few squirts of pee escaped into the amalgamated puddle unseen, but even as she heard her teammates laughing at her she felt the butterflies return stronger than ever. Alex had gotten her out of it. And he said… He said he didn’t hate her!

Then maybe…

She felt the barrel being pulled off her head, and a grinning Izzy sat down in the equally soaked seat next to Millie while Val grabbed her head and gave her a noogie as she walked past to her own bag.

‘How ya feeling, hero?’ Izzy asked, holding up an empty water bottle to her lips like a microphone, ‘Have any nice words for our sponsors Gatorade today?’ She added sarcastically, prodding the empty barrel with her toe.

Alex walked past and grabbed the make-believe microphone off Izzy.

‘Actually, I think she looks a bit pissed, Izzy,’ remarked Alex, watching as Millie laughed at the terrible joke - partly out of sheer relief, partly because she wanted to kill him.

‘Give that back! Woman of the match before coaches, you know that!’ roared Izzy, snatching the bottle back. ‘Anyway,’ she said turning back to Millie, ‘What have you got to be pissed about? It’s just Gatorade.’

‘Uh, I guess,’ replied Millie, glancing downwards at the giant puddle on the soaked concrete and sharing a look with Alex.

Izzy glanced around at the liquid destruction on the concrete around her. She wasn’t stupid, and she realised now that there was a little more liquid concentrated around Millie than there probably ought to have been.

‘Hmmm,’ she said impassively, ‘And what flavour was that Gatorade, coach?’

‘Well, that’s our secret, Iz,’ Alex affirmed nonchalantly.

‘Ha! I’ll bet it was,’ Izzy conceded. ‘Come on, Millie. Let’s go get you changed before the bus gets here. Say… there’s an awful lot of ‘Gatorade’ on your seat, isn’t there? Ouch!’

‘Sorry, Izzy, didn’t mean to step on your foot there!’ said Alex cheerfully.

‘You’ll get yours,’ growled Izzy in response. ‘It’d better be a bloody good pizza!’

