Ashley Mommy Really Needs to Pee! The Story Version

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2021-08-09 12:59

This was based on a sighting I mentioned in a thread in the experience section https://www.omorashi.org/topic/69722-ashley-mommy-really-needs-to-pee/?tab=comments#comment-1903437

This was a delightful surprise at the bookstore that after a day of major holding the universe decided to grant me a rare sighting. There was this big woman who was walking around the store with this little girl, and she was sort of walking towards the bathroom, but then the little girl starts running and screaming up and down the aisles and the woman starts yelling but trying to be quiet about it but you could hear very clearly what she said "Ashley get back here mommy really needs to pee!" She looked pretty embarrassed when people in the store looked at her when she said that. I couldn't deny that I was smiling to have heard that.

Eventually she managed to get her daughter and then she pretty much pulled her daughter towards the restroom, and I have to admit that I kind of followed them in out of curiosity, and the mom certainly wasn't lying when she said she had to pee, I can say that much!

So I guess sometimes the universe can be gracious like that.

Naturally though after I got home I kept thinking about that sighting over and over again in my mind, and I was wondering what might have happened if the woman didn't get to a bathroom right away! So from that really brief sighting of one woman saying that she had to pee I thought of a fully detailed story, once again a brief sighting in reality inspiring my imagination to something more elaborate. It actually is based a little bit on actual probability though because this was close to when the bookstore was closing and everything like that, and outside of the bookstore there actually are lots of other stores that close around the same time, including food places, and there actually is a fountain outside! So I incorporated all of those things into the story that I hope you will enjoy.

For the record I don't have kids but something about a woman having to juggle kids and a full bladder is a experience that I suspect most mothers probably have, and that having to negotiate with your own daughter with a full bladder must really be a very frustrating situation. This is one reason why I am glad that I don't have kids and that I never plan to! That and the fact that kids really destroy your bladder through the process of giving birth as well. So yeah kids certainly don't make it easier for mothers to relieve themselves!

Also in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/7698.html

Ashley Mommy Really Needs to Pee!

Stacy had just finished her bottle of water, one of several bottles of water in fact, and happened to be reading about oceanography when all of the sudden all of that wet watery imagery was starting to go to her head, along with all of that liquid that had been going right to her bladder.

"Wow I really need a bathroom bad," Stacy said as she started looking around when she noticed that her daughter Ashley had disappeared. "Ashley where are you?"

She saw that Ashley was down at the other end of the aisle and she began running towards Ashley, but as she began running she could feel all of that pressure in her bladder, all of that liquid sloshing around inside of her, and she started walking more slowly.

"Ashley come over here," Stacy said as she slowly walked towards her daughter.

Ashley started running up and down the aisle and Stacy knew that she didn't have the energy to chase her daughter like that with the full content of her bladder.

"Ashley come over here, mommy needs you to come over here right now," Stacy said sort of tiptoeing over trying to ignore the overwhelming feeling in her bladder.

"Is that your daughter, she is really cute and really nice, it's always good to see children having interest in reading at a young age like that," another woman said as she came over.

"Oh yeah reading is great, I want to encourage my daughter to read as much as possible," Stacy said very subtly pressing her legs together as she tried to ignore the overwhelming feeling in her bladder. "Ashley get over here!" Stacy said as she waved her daughter over. "Excuse me I really need to take care of something," Stacy said as she slowly started walking over towards Ashley motioning for her to come over.

As Stacy slowly approached Ashley that was when Ashley started running again.

"Ashley I am warning you get back over here right now!" Stacy shouted pressing her legs tightly together now barely able to concentrate on anything other than the fullness in her bladder.

"But will you buy me this book," Ashley said holding up a book about the ocean.

"That book looks rather expensive," Stacy said not wanting to get in a big argument with her daughter while her bladder was so uncomfortably full.

"I know but look at all of these great images of the ocean," Ashley said flipping through the pages showing crashing waves and lots of other imagery that Stacy wasn't appreciating at the moment.

Stacy was now dancing around in place and she saw an evil look spread across Ashley's face as Ashley seemed to notice the telltale signs of a full bladder on Stacy.

"But you promised me you would buy me a book," Ashley said. "And I really want this book."

"Ashley can we discuss this later, mommy has something that she has to take care of that is quite urgent," Stacy said as she crossed and uncrossed her legs.

"I think it's pretty urgent that I get this book," Ashley said holding up the book.

"Ashley what I need to do is very very urgent."

"But what is so urgent though?" Ashley said a smile growing across her face.

"Ashley mommy needs to pee!" Stacy said, raising her voice a bit before covering her mouth, as she could see several other people in the store looking in her direction and staring at her, leading her to feel rather embarrassed. "Look just let mommy use the bathroom and then I will buy you that book."

"Do you promise?" Ashley said, and Stacy couldn't believe that she was negotiating with her daughter just because her bladder was ready to explode.

"Yes I promise," Stacy said. "Now come on, I can't leave you out in the store by yourself like that."

As Ashley and Stacy started to walk towards the bathroom that was when one of the employees of the bookstore shook their head. "I'm sorry but all unpurchased merchandise must be left outside of the bathrooms," she said.

"Ashley please put the book down and we will come and get it when you get out," Stacy said as she greedily looked towards and began reaching towards the ladies room door.

"But if I put it down this other girl who wanted it that I took it from will take it and it's the last copy," Ashley said.

Stacy was so close to getting to the bathroom that she didn't know how to negotiate this.

"Why don't you buy the book for me and then we can use the bathroom," Ashley said with a big smile.

Stacy was really embarrassed right now as she looked at Ashley. "Ashley mommy has sort of an emergency here."

Ashley began to frown and her eyes began to water.

"Ashley if you're going to throw a tantrum mommy is not going to buy you that book at all," Stacy said staring daggers at the bathroom door which was only a few inches away. She could see that Ashley was beginning to sniffle and looked like she was about to scream. "Okay Ashley I will buy you the book, just please do not have a tantrum right now."

Stacy couldn't believe that she was negotiating with her young daughter like that but she really needed the bathroom and she would do anything that would get her to the bathroom faster. She looked over at the line at the cash register and saw that it was rather long and began gritting her teeth.

"That's an awfully long line," Stacy said practically whimpering.

"Then I guess we had better get on the line pretty quickly," Ashley said hugging the book and smiling.

Stacy practically wanted to cry as she slowly walked over to the checkout line. She could see that there were at least five people in front of her in line and she could barely stand still as she found herself crossing and uncrossing her legs. The fact that others were staring at her was beginning to make her feel self-conscious.

"Excuse me, I normally wouldn't ask this, but do you think that I could maybe cut you in line as I noticed that you have quite a large number of purchases," she said as she tapped the woman in front of her on the shoulder.

"Oh I am sure that I won't be too long," the woman said smiling as Stacy simply smiled back and continued gritting her teeth. She couldn't remember the last time she had to pee this bad and couldn't believe that her daughter had managed to take advantage of the situation like that.

The woman in front of her took a long time very slowly ringing up the purchases as Stacy stood there holding Ashley's hand and crossing her legs tightly. Finally after the woman in front of her was arguing with the cashier over the prices and getting her coupons out and having to type in manually each coupon code, she finally was done and it was Stacy's turn.

"Please for the love of God hurry up," Stacy said as she handed the cashier the book as she very slowly rang up her purchase and gave her a bag. "Thank you, now come on Ashley this is important emergency," Stacy said as she grabbed Ashley by the hand dragging her along towards the bathrooms but when she got to the bathroom door she found it locked. "No, it can't be locked."

"Attention shoppers the store is now closing, please make all of your final purchases and exit the building," the announcement said over the loudspeakers.

"No this can't be happening," Stacy said as she tried again to open the door before realizing it was futile. Then she looked at the men's room and slowly touched the men's room door. Desperate times call for desperate measures she thought, but unfortunately the men's room was also locked.

Stacy realized that she didn't have any chance of using the bathroom at the bookstore, so she quickly grabbed Ashley by the hand and walked out of the store to see that most of the other stores were also closing. She also saw that there was a big fountain right in front of the parking lot, which wasn't making things any better.

"No no no," Stacy said as she danced in place.

"Mommy mommy can I get some ice cream!" Ashley said as she pointed to the ice cream place.

"Is it open, do they have a bathroom," Stacy said as she walked into the ice cream place to see that there was a big line for the bathroom. "Ashley you just wait here with mommy in line for the bathroom and then afterwards I will get you ice cream."

"But I want ice cream now," Ashley said smiling.

"Ashley I promise I will get you some ice cream but first mommy really really needs to use the bathroom," Stacy said as she got in line for the bathroom.

"Mom when are we going to get the ice cream," Ashley said growing impatient.

"Ashley not now, I need to use the bathroom," Stacy said beginning to worry that she wasn't going to make it. What was it about ice cream that made everybody have to go to the bathroom so much she wondered?

"Why don't I go get some ice cream by myself," Ashley said as she started getting out of the line.

"Ashley we will get some ice cream in just a moment, but first mommy really needs to use the bathroom, now wait here with mommy," Stacy said grabbing Ashley's hand tight before looking at the woman in front of her in line. "If I go get my daughter ice cream do you think you could hold my place in line?"

"But I don't think the other women in line would like that very much," the woman in front of her said as Stacy stared at the front of the line, her eyes practically bugging out of her head in the process. Stacy was practically in tears but she continued to grit her teeth and stand there in line with Ashley who kept jumping up and down.

"Ashley do you have to keep jumping up and down like that," Stacy said as all of that motion was not making things any easier on her bladder.

"I think that I have to go to the bathroom too mom, looking at my book about the oceans kind of made me need to go," Ashley said.

Stacy continue to bear down and hold on for what seemed like an eternity, but what was probably more like 15 minutes, until finally she got into the bathroom stall and was about to rip her pants down. Before she could however Ashley pulled hers down and sat on the toilet.

"Ashley do you think maybe mommy could use the toilet first," Stacy said as Ashley sat on the toilet and frowned. "Okay go ahead, but hurry, mommy really has to go!"

Ashley nodded as she began peeing, which was excruciating for Stacy to hear, but she tried to drown out the sound of her going to the bathroom as much as possible. Once Ashley had finished peeing she continued sitting on the toilet.

"Okay Ashley hurry up so mommy can go to the toilet now," Stacy said practically ready to rip her daughter off the toilet.

"But I have to go number two," Ashley said.

"Do you think maybe you could hold it," Stacy said her eyes practically becoming watery with tears as Ashley sat on the toilet frowning and shaking her head. "Okay but please try to hurry up, mommy really needs the toilet very badly."

Stacy stood there as Ashley started humming her toilet song and she could hear the other toilets in the stalls next to her flushing several times before finally Ashley was done.

Practically pulling Ashley off the toilet Stacy jerked down her pants and panties, sat on the toilet and began peeing so forcefully she began seeing stars as she started letting out sighs of relief.

When Stacy finally came out of the bathroom to find a long line of women waiting and shaking their heads, and one of them even waving their fingers and going tsk tsk tsk, Stacy figured that she had finally had it.

"It was her," Stacy said pointing to Ashley.

"Mom you're embarrassing me," Ashley said.

Stacy simply shook her head and laughed. "I just hope that someday you'll have a daughter just like you," she said, and she hoped that she would live long enough to see that, because there is no greater feeling of payback than grandchildren.

