Gavin's accident

Author: desperatewet

*000*2018-11-27 22:21

Warning: mentions of behavior that some might consider abusive and alcoholism

Gavin stood at the forges. He was working at his father's blacksmith shop, as he did every day, except Sunday. It was hot and he was tired but he knew there was a lot more work to be done by the end of the day. But he would have to have a short break before too long. He needed to relieve himself. The need wasn't too bad, though, so he worked for a while longer and got to an appropriate stopping point in his work. Then he decided he really should go, before he got too involved in his next task. He made for the door.

His father, Steph, was beside him in an instant. “Where do you think you're going ?” Steph asked. “We're behind schedule! There is more work to be done!”

“But can i please just-” Gavin started but was cut off by Steph.

“No, whatever it is. Get back to work.”

“But I just need to-” Gavin tried again.

“Whatever you need to do can wait until after work” Steph stated.

“But-” Gavin said quietly, before giving up and returning to his place. His father was in a dangerous mood today.

Gavin tried to concentrate on his work, and managed for another hour or so, before the need began to make that difficult. He could barely stand still. And it hurt. He continued working. But finally he decided that if he continued while he was this distracted, he would make a mistake. He had to go now!

He walked toward the door.

“It's not time to leave yet” said Steph, coming toward him.

“Please can I just -” started Gavin, but Steph was looking angry.

“Whatever it is that you want to do, it can wait.”

“But it will only take a minute “ protested Gavin. Though normally he was a gentle soul, he had to bite back a curse as the first spurt of pee dampened his undergarments. If he cursed at his father, he might get hit.

“And we're only working for another half an hour, “said Steph. “Then you can do whatever you want to, as long as you're not in the way.

But Gavin couldn't hold it for another half an hour. Another, longer spurt came out, and then he couldn't hold it anymore. Pee began to run down his legs and pool on the stone floor. He was wetting himself in front of his father. He stared at his feet.

Steph’s dark eyes narrowed. His face grew red. He gripped Gavin’s shoulder roughly and Gavin looked up, his eyes meeting Steph's. “Disgusting boy,” snarled Steph. “I can't believe my son would wet himself like a two year old. Clean up this mess and get out of my sight. “

Gavin got a rag and began to clean the floor. He felt like crying, but he refused to cry when his father could see him. Why was Steph so hard on him all the time? Why didn't Steph love him? He vaguely remembered that things had been better when he was younger, before his mother had died. They had been a happy family. But after her death, instead of comforting his only son, Steph had turned to alcohol to comfort himself, and had pushed Gavin away. He went to the tavern every night, and he was angry when he was drunk. Few days went by when he didn't yell at Gavin. Occasionally, he hit Gavin. Never full on beatings or anything, but it still hurt. Gavin tried to be a dutiful son, tried to retain his gentle nature, but it was difficult. Thats why Gavin spent so many nights at his best friend Jeth's house. In fact, he would go there now.

He stood up and walked out the door. He got out of the town as quickly as he could, and walked the short way through the countryside to the farm Jeth and his father, Joseph, lived on. Joseph had always been welcoming to Gavin. Oh, how Gavin sometimes envied Jeth. Though Jeth's mother, Sarah Vansdotter, had died when Jeth was young, Joseph had not turned to drinking. He was a good father to Jeth.

Gavin turned down Jeth's driveway and walked toward the house. Almost immediately, a blur of brown fur raced toward him, stopping in front of him. It was Jeth's hound dog, Arlo. Arlo sniffed at Gavin excitedly and stood on his hind legs, placing his front paws on Gavin’s shoulders and trying to lick his face.

“Hey, you rascal,” said Gavin, petting the dog. “I'm glad to see you too.”

Jeth came down the driveway at a more sedate pace. “Arlo, get off him!” he called, and Arlo dropped to all four paws immediately. “ Hullo, Gavin,” said Jeth. Then noticing the look on Gavin’s face, asked, “hey, what's wrong?”

Gavin looked at the ground in shame. “promise you won't laugh?” He asked.

“I won't laugh” Jeth assured him.

“we were busy at the shop” Gavin said, “and father's in an awful mood. I had to go to the bathroom, but he wouldn't let me. And I, um, I had an accident. He said to clean up the mess and get out of his sight. So I came here.”

Jeth smiled and put a hand on Gavins shoulder, in a much friendlier way than Steph had earlier. “You can borrow some clothes from me. Come on in the house. You want to stay the night? Father's making stew.”

Gavin hesitated. “are you sure your father won't mind?”

“course I am. He loves you. You're like another son to him.” said Jeth.

Gavin looked stunned, then smiled. The two boys turned and walked into the farmhouse, at peace with the world, for the moment.

*003*2018-11-28 22:07

{{8 hours ago, nc_omo_dude said:

Great story!

}}

Thanks.

*005*2018-11-30 09:36

{{On 11/28/2018 at 9:26 AM, JMC7 said:

Aww that ending was so cute. I love it!

}}

{{2 hours ago, FilledUp said:

This ending was awesome!

}}

Thanks!

