The Peeing Game

Author: drxpp

*000*2021-09-01 15:36

It had started in the privacy of her own home.

Maddie had woken up just fifteen minutes before the Zoom meeting was due to start. With barely enough time to make herself presentable and get her laptop set up, her bladder was the last thing on her mind.

But as Maddie listened to Paul drone on and on about engagement numbers and marketing strategies, her mind wandered to the heavy pressure in her lower abdomen. She wasn’t bursting yet, but she definitely needed to go.

If only she could let it out, just spread her legs and piss all over herself, playing with her pussy while she soaked her panties and her chair until she was left sitting in a puddle of piss and squirt. Her clit tingled at the prospect, but she pushed the thought down. No. She couldn’t. So she reached down between her legs and gave herself a quick squeeze. The filthy part of her brain told her to touch herself, but she settled for just rubbing her thighs together instead. She was in a meeting! She couldn’t just start playing with herself, no matter how hot it would be.

So she tried her best to ignore her bladder and pay attention.

It may as well be a drinking game. Take a drink every time someone says ‘synergy’ or ‘holistic’ or ‘implementation strategy’. Except if she did that, her bladder might just explode from the influx of liquid into the already overfilled container. Fuck, she really did need a wee.

She couldn’t wet herself… could she? She was in her own home, she lived alone, and the camera only showed her from the shoulders up. So long as the microphone didn’t pick up any hissing and her face didn’t give her away, why did being in a meeting have to stop her having any fun?

That was when the idea struck her. Not a drinking game. A peeing game.

And that was when it all started.

“If the team have a comprehensive implementation strategy-“ Lydia said over the crackly speakers, but Maddie wasn’t listening anymore. She spread her legs slightly and opened up her pee hole, letting a quick spurt dampen her panties. Her heart pounded. Would anyone know what she’d done? How could they? And it was only a little, after all. It wasn’t even enough to soak through.

Her bladder screamed for more, but she closed her legs firmly. Not yet. Sure, pissing herself wildly and completely would turn her on so much. But forcing herself to let it out in little spurts, moment by moment, controlled by people who didn’t even know that her bladder was at their mercy?

It was enough to have her reaching down and rubbing her clit through her dampened panties.

So Maddie kept playing the peeing game. She even put together a bingo card of sorts, all of those commonly used phrases that would usually make her roll her eyes now turned into permission to let out a little spurt of piss. The Zoom meetings, originally a curse, were the highlights of Maddie’s week. She’d make sure to show up with a nicely full bladder that had her resisting the urge to fidget, outwardly presentable but privately knowing she would be a piss-soaked mess in just over an hour. And while other participants might go to review their notes after them, Maddie would use the sign off as her final cue, her permission to let out all the pent-up piss inside her and flood her panties. As soon as her mic and camera were off and her laptop closed, she’d moan and gasp as she played with her clit, circling and rubbing and all the while soaking her fingers in pee.

It was perfect.

Until she was asked to return to the office.

She’d known she’d miss the peeing game. But what she hadn’t bet on was that her subconscious mind and her bladder wouldn’t give up on it that easily.

”Alrighty, gang,” Mark said as he clapped his hands together. And that was Maddie’s pee hole’s cue to open up, as it had done every week for months now. It didn’t matter that she was in the boardroom or that she wasn’t as desperate as she’d liked to make herself before those Zoom meetings. It was time to wee, and Maddie found herself unable to stop the slight dribble from wetting her panties. Shit.

She couldn’t listen to a word anyone was saying. All of her attention was focused on overriding months of conditioning, on squeezing her legs shut and keeping her piss contained. Her body seemed to be working against her, working overtime to make up for the lack of fullness it had come to expect during these meetings. She had to go - had already started going - and this time, she had no choice but to hold it. She wouldn’t leak anymore. One spurt wasn’t a big deal, it was just one, but she would keep the rest contained. She was a grown up and she wasn’t about to wet herself unintentionally, especially not at work.

Would it be hot if she did? Would the embarrassment burn as hot as the tsunami of piss that would spill out from her poor, aching cunt, flooding the room? Would she be full enough that the puddle would spread the length of the table? Or would it drizzle out in a slow yet steady stream, turning the carpet several shades darker and leaving her clit throbbing the whole time?

She felt her panties get a little wetter, though she couldn’t say from what. She had to focus. She couldn’t piss. No matter how much she wanted to, she had to hold it and wait and do it in the toilet like a normal adult once the meeting was over. No matter how long away that felt. No matter what anyone said and how many times she had used that as a cue to start wetting. She could not, under any circumstances, piss.

”Maddie?”

”Hmm?” She was pulled sharply out of her concentrated efforts by a voice and she felt her cheeks turn pink - thank God they were mostly covered by her mask! - as she realised all eyes were on her.

”Are you alright?”

”Yeah. Yeah. I just… I don’t feel well.”

A look of unease spread through the room.

”It’s not covid!” she assured them quickly, although regretted it as she felt another wave of need - why had she put that word on her pee list? - and had to resist the urge to grab her crotch. “I think I just need some air. These masks, you know?”

”We’re almost done here. We just have some updated branding guidance to go through, then I’ll let you all go.”

She wanted to go, alright. She wanted to go more than anything, and it was getting increasingly difficult to stop it.

Denied its usual release words, Maddie’s bladder had taken to protesting in any way it could. She could feel an ocean inside her begging to get out, could feel a tingling in her pee hole that made keeping her hands to herself feel almost impossible. Then it happened.

It lasted all of three seconds, but those three seconds may well have been an eternity. Maddie felt a rush of warmth in her panties and gasped, her hands going to her crotch in instinct. Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck. That was more than just a little dribble. She couldn’t do it, her conditioning was too strong.

“I’m sorry, I have to- I’m sorry!” Maddie blabbered as she shot to her feet and ran to the door, hands buried shamelessly in her crotch. She wiggled and squirmed as she rushed for the door, her bladder pulsing and protesting at the sudden movement.

The new addition of gravity was too much for her spiteful body to manage. She was barely out of the meeting room when her hands got soaked by another leak. She was in the hallway when a longer spurt ran all the way down her leg, her pantyhose sticking to her immediately. And she was just a few metres from the bathroom door when her piss first splattered onto the floor, too insistent to be contained and absorbed by her clothes.

But she was still holding on. She held on right up until she made contact with the door, barrelling into it and expecting it to swing open, only to find it locked.

She’d had a lot of cue words in her peeing game. But the biggest cue of all would always be the hopelessness of knowing there’s no relief in sight beyond the option of just letting go.

So that’s what her body did. She let go, her piss spraying out with such force that the sound of it hitting the carpet seemed to echo off the walls, her hissing and gushing surely audible on every floor of the building. She whimpered, her hand still buried in her crotch despite it only managing to make her accident even messier. On instinct alone, she rubbed her clit through her saturated clothes and moaned.

After what seemed like an age, her waterfall slowed to a trickle and her trickle slowed to a few final drops. The relief was unimaginable, but part of her felt… sad? She was still dripping, but she already wanted to do it again.

