Darksyn's Smut Commissions

Author: Darksyn

*000*2020-05-26 17:24

I find myself with an abundance of free time and too light a wallet for my comfort, so I have decided to re-open commissions!

I'm fairly flexible with whatever kinks you want me to write, with a few things I won't touch - ryona (I do not enjoy it at all.), guro (Makes me queasy.), or heterosexual sex (Just... meh.).

Hypnotism is okay.

Diapers are okay.

Ageplay is okay.

Pet play is okay.

If it's not one of these, just ask and I'll tell you.

I'm not exceptionally familiar with too many settings. If you want something heavily accurate I may not be able to provide you with a decent fanfic. I specialize primarily in original fiction or exploring settings through original characters.

Worlds I know my shit (mostly) about are, in no particular order: Warhammer Fantasy, Warhammer 40k, Shadowrun up until 4th Edition (2070), Warcraft up until WoW: Legion, Dark Souls, Sword Art Online, the Fate series, parts of Gundam's UC timeline, the gundam CE timeline, Gundam Iron-blooded Orphans. Anything else might be spotty.

My specialties in original fiction content are historical fiction, fantasy adventure and medium-hard sci-fi, though I dabble in cyberpunk as well.

Most of my published work on the forums here is unfinished, but I do have some there to give a look at some of my writing style. I have recently become a lot better about active versus passive voice, so much of my old material is before that.

My rates are as follows (All values are in US Dollars)

1¢ per word for normal content, so a 1,000 word one-shot would be 10$. For longer stories, I may provide discounts if we have consistent business with each other.

2¢ per word if I am writing content matter I am not as comfortable with but still willing to write (non-con, for example.)

I'm living in Canada, so I cannot and will not write lolicon, as it is extremely illegal to do so.

If you wish me to, I will also publish the story on the forums afterward. If you choose to post it elsewhere, credit me in the summary or author notes section, please.

'Business' is Booming.odt

Attached to this post is an example of one of my most recent stories, this one was written for fun, rather than for commission. CONTAINS MESSING.

Feel free to reply here or in my private messages!

