X-Girl Heroine Desperate Peril

Author: Daddy-Mikasa

*000*2024-06-26 18:34

Note: This is my first attempt to write a story so it might not be perfect. This story is kind of based off a Heroine flick created by Steve Noir from Anarchy Films. I don't own any of the characters in the story

A car stops at an industrial park and out of the car steps out a young brunette girl dressed in a long sleeve black jacket, white undershirt, a very short black miniskirt, white panties and high heels.

The girl bends over in her car to take out her recorder, her notebook and her cup of coffee, her skirt rising up before she got out. She looks around, hoping there's no one who saw her panties before quickly adjusting her skirt. She quickly gulps down her coffee before heading out.

Her name is Ailee Zenon, just an ordinary working girl on her first job. She's a covered reporter, for the weekly planet. At least, she hopes it looks that way, ordinary.

But there is more to her than meets the eye. She's just...undercover...for the moment. Just trying to blend in.

Ailee has been on task to exploring the industrial park due to sightings of strange lights at night and out to make a first good impression, decided to interview them in broad daylight.

And out in broad daylight at an industrial park, the heat sure is killing Ailee. Ailee went to a vending machine where she proceeds to buy a bottle of refreshing ice tea to drink.

Within minutes, she drank the whole bottle before tossing it away.

However, right at that moment, Ailee heard loud screams from afar, attracting her attention.

* Uh oh. I gotta go.

" Help! Somebody help me!" Ailee hears the cries for help and she rushes off, but stops as she looks down at her clothing. Her mini skirt and jacket is definitely inappropriate for a rescue mission.

What's more, the morning coffee she had plus the ice tea she just drank. Ailee feels a need to pee but she ignores it and rushes to the scene of the crime.

Ailee steps out, seeing a young woman getting assaulted by two men dressed in strange industrial suits who then shouts to her,

" Run! Call the police!"

" Why? What's going on?"

Ailee asks naively as one of the men answers,

" We're just having a little party that's all ha ha!"

" But don't you need help?"

Ailee asks and the woman cries out

" Yes!"

" Then that's what I thought."

Ailee steps forward and the one of the men releases their grip off the woman, to attack Ailee who easily throws him down with one hand.

The other man then mockingly asks.

" Ooh. That's gonna hurt. What is that? Jeet Kun Do?"

Ailee simply looks, amused as the man doses several kung fu poses as Ailee shouts to the woman

" Run!"

The woman flee and the man grabs onto Ailee who quickly break free and subdues him.

She then slams her feet down, her heels striking the man's feet which causes him to recoil back in pain.

Ailee smiles smugly, thinking she had won and as she turns around, she forgotten about his accomplice who swings his leg out, kicking her square in between her legs.

Ailee winces as she grabs her crotch, the pain nearly making her wet herself as the men began pushing her around, taking turns punching and slapping her around.

Ailee cries out as one of them punches her in the belly before spinning her around to let his accomplice slap her across the face.

The man then kicks her in the stomach before holding her and letting his comrade punch her in the same spot.

Ailee finds herself getting desperate, both in being in a perilous situation and her need to pee driving her crazy.

The continuous punches in her stomach is not doing any favours to her bladder as Ailee attempts to run only for one of them to push her back before hitting her in the stomach again.

Then one of them holds her tight where the other gives her three tight slaps before finishing off with one final punch into her groin.

Ailee drops onto her knees, wincing in agony as she grabs her crotch, holding herself in pain while trying not to piss herself

All those blows has definitely made her need to pee more and Ailee feels humiliated that those men chose to hit her down there.

Before Ailee knows it, one of the men then holds up a cloth, wrapping it around Ailee as she thrashes her legs out.

Ailee could smell a whiff of chloroform and she struggles as the effects began wearing her down. Fight or flight put her needs on hold as her battle to break free made her forget the need to use the restroom.

But all that struggling only made the chloroform effect more potent and Ailee felt herself losing consciousness as her muscles relax, falling into a deep sleep.

With Ailee subdued, one of them hangs her over his shoulder and the two leaves the industrial park, having completed their mission

Soon

Ailee felt her consciousness slipping in and out. Everything looks blurry. All she could see are two figures over her. Lights flashing and the surface below her moving. Ailee has been restrained though in her delirious state, she's in no condition to move

Ailee was transported into a different room before the cloth of chloroform was put over her, putting her back to sleep yet again.

Ailee always knows she is different from the other girls, or any human for that matter. One is that she come from a distant planet and the second is that her body is built to be stronger than an average human.

Though her strong body also means her body also pumps urine faster than a normal human as Ailee remembers how many times in her life she has been in urgent situations where she needs to pee as she remembers wetting herself at 8 years old at a playground and she would be lying if she said she didn't like it.

Ailee felt herself fading, slipping back into consciousness as she found herself facing a tall figure looking down on her.

Ailee couldn't figure out what is going on as the figure steps closer, a tall dark hair woman in long sleeve blouse. tight leather pants and boots who dismisses her henchmen and she greets the waking Ailee

" My dear. I haven't seen you since you were a child."

She then runs her hand over Ailee's exposed legs, her belly and she remarks.

" You stood out nicely."

Ailee looks up and she asks.

" Who are you?"

" Oh wouldn't remember me dear. As hard as it is to believe, I'm ancient history...in your brief young life. A blast from the past."

" I don't understand..."

" No no you wouldn't. Not yet. Now, let me put it to you this way""

The woman's tone turned from sensual to forceful as she demands.

" I need what your father gave you when you left home!"

Ailee gasps out and she says.

"What?! But my father is..."

" Dead. Yes. I know. A terrible tragedy for all concerned. But he gave you something and I want it now!"

Despite her need to pee now overcoming her, Ailee defiantly declines.

" No!"

Ailee chuckles and she sensually say to her.

" Look I know all about you. You're a magnificent creature. But you are young, inexperienced in the way of the world."

Ailee felt the woman run her hand up her leg and she says

" I also know of your weaknesses. Your soft spots. And..."

The woman then calls in her henchmen as one of them comes in, bringing her two bottles of water.

" I'll use that knowledge to get what I want."

The woman then pulls a lever, readjusting the bed to hold Ailee up.

" You must be thristy. Have a drink."

Though Ailee needs to pee, Ailee doesn't want to look weak and intimidated, especially to a very dominant looking woman so she obediently drinks up, drinking until she empties out the whole bottle.

As she finishes, Ailee notices two figures lying unconscious beside them.

They appear to be young women all dressed in rather colourful costumes and Ailee asks.

" Who are they?"

" Just toys...I've collected. Action figures you might say."

" What happened to them?"

Ailee asks as she notices none of them are moving and the woman answers

" Oh you know what happens to toys. You get bored, or they get broken."

The woman then orders her henchmen to carry the two women out of the room, leaving Ailee alone with the woman as she grabs onto Ailee's cheek, demanding out

" Tell me what your father gave to you!"

Ailee felt herself getting intimidated and the woman smirks, looking as she sees her legs twitch, and she mockingly asks.

" Awww what's wrong? Little princess gotta go?"

Ailee winces and she moans and the woman continues

" Oh you do don't you. And one of us is going to be all sad, embarassed and humiliated. Gosh, wonder who is it going to be?"

The two henchmen brought in a machine, with it's knob aiming right at Ailee's crotch as the woman says.

" Yes. What can we do without modern technology."

Realizing what is happening, Ailee shouts.

" No!"

"Yes! Unless you tell me what I want to know now"

" Ugh! I promised, I will never do this! Unless there is no other way!"

Ailee yells out as she began shifting her legs, her need to pee now getting stronger than ever

" Well turn it on!" The woman commands and at that moment, a bright light engulfs Ailee and the young girl transforms into something stronger.

Now donning a white long sleeve legless leotard with blue gloves, red cape and red boots, Ailee has become X-Girl the most power heroine on the planet

X-Girl then throws a punch, sending the woman crashing back.

Massaging her jaws and impressed by the heroine's strength, and she remarks.

" Finally."

" Now you're gonna get it."

X-Girl says and the woman chooses that moment to introduce herself

" Cute costume by the way. Now the time for charades is over. I am Luxor Vega your homeland is my prison and your father is my jailer! How you like me now!"

Luxor's henchmen enters and Luxor orders them to attack.

Now empowered by her new power, X-Girl simply grabs both men by the necks, easily subduing them.

That is until Luxor brandishes a gun and she opens fire.

The blast struck X-Girl hard in the groin, causing the young heroine to wince as she clutches herself in pain. Her need to pee returns even more.

While X-Girl is backing away, struggling not to piss herself, the henchmen recovers where one of them grabs her and punches her in the stomach.

X-Girl winces as she felt herself leak pee into her panty before she gets another punch.

With her need to pee increasing even more, X-Girl finds it hard to concentrate as the men attacks her, causing her to leak a few times before one of them throws her on the floor.

Luxor looks down, seeing the mighty looking heroine now on the floor, holding herself and looking like a little girl struggling with potty training.

" Now. Get her on there"

The henchmen began lifting X-Girl up, restraining her and they back away. X-Girl struggles, to free herself and finding herself losing control of her bladder more and more.

Luxor smirks as she presses down on the lever, activating a powerful electrical blast that struck X-Girl on her crotch.

" OOOHHHHHHH!!! UGHHHHHHH!!!"

X-Girl moans, groans and gasps as she felt a seering pain in her groin and that was the last straw.

After an entire day of holding in her urine along with the brutality her bladder and clit has been subjected to, her bladder gave out and Luxor watches in awe as the panty part of the leotard began getting soaked before urine pours out of her.

Urine rains onto the floor as X-Girl continues to pee herself.

But in the midst of her agony and incontinence, at that moment, the area began shaking violently, like some sort of Earthquake has happened.

Luxor and her henchmen looks around in terror as the building began shaking, items dropping onto the floor as the trio struggles to maintain their balance.

With one final groan, X-Girl unleashes a powerful explosion, destroying the machine and knocking back Luxor and her men.

Soon

X-Girl steps out of the lair, looking down at her urine soaked bottom and she shrugs to herself as she thought

* First day on the job too. I wonder if I'm fired. And what happened to the queen bitch and the universe? There's more to me than meets the eye. I'm...undercover for the moment. Just trying to blend in. I'm...X-Girl. And...well...there's still some work in progress.

X-Girl then leaves, feeling relieved as though she didn't make it to the toilet on time, she at least survived though she would be lying to say she doesn't enjoy it and it wouldn't hurt for her to find herself in another perilous situation with a full bladder

