Alignment Shorts from Corrupted Lands

Author: DerivativeWings

*000*2023-01-25 12:49

Here are some short "stories" in the form of the kind of moral choices you might see in a cRPG. These aren't really part of a bigger project, just for fun. Maybe I'll make more at some point, maybe I won't. Which choice would you make, if you were playing this inexplicable pee-desperation fantasy cRPG?

###

"Commander, I-I know I said I could handle the proposed bathroom schedule while traversing the Molten Spires. It shames me to admit this, but I have nearly reached my limit. P-please, I don't want to risk the safety of the party by w-wetting myself..."

The paladin is looking at you like a pet who has done something wrong. Her face is flush, and despite her heavy armor you can tell she can barely stand straight. The proud and strong woman has been reduced to the desperate little girl in front of you.

1. (Neutral Good): You are quick to carry the heaviest burden, Paladin. Because of your endurance, other members of the party were able to relieve themselves in these dangerous lands. I will arrange for a break immediately.

2. (Lawful Neutral): Very well. I will arrange a break for you as soon as I can without causing a major disruption. I hope this experience has taught you where your own limits lie. Do not repeat this lapse in judgement.

3. (Chaotic Neutral): I'll distract everyone, and you can go pee behind a bush. That way, nobody else will know of your mistake!

4. (Lawful Evil): I will pretend I didn't hear that, and you will control yourself until the time for your break comes. The consequences of your failure will be far more painful than whatever discomfort you feel right now. Is that clear, Paladin?

###

You enter the queen's tent. It's the largest and most lavish in the war camp, though the interior is clearly decorated for war rather than grandeur. The queen bites her lip as you enter, worried. She usually wears armor and clothing similar to the paladins, but her breastplate is currently mounted on an armor stand. You can tell she is very tense.

"A-ah...! Commander. I have a very delicate mission for you. Y-you mustn't tell anyone about this."

The queen squirms, and swallows.

"I use a blessed chamber pot to relieve myself while avoiding the curse of this corrpted land, but during the last attack its magic was disrupted. Please, commander, I can only trust you with this. You must restore the chamber pot without anyone learning of it, and quickly! I am at my wit's end!

1. (Lawful Neutral) Very well. It would not do for the common soldiers to learn of this. I will restore the chamber pot with haste, but in return you must hold on until I return.

2. (Lawful Good) I will help you, but I cannot make this mission my highest concern. We are at war, your majesty. I will help you relieve yourself somewhere privately, then I will find a way to repair your pot.

3. (Neutral Good) I can't believe you would use an artifact like this to relieve yourself while the common soldier is forced to desperately endure! I will help you, but I won't prioritize this over the needs of the army. I will find some other way to let you relieve yourself until we can fix your chamber pot.

4. (Neutral Evil) Of course, your majesty. But only on one condition; after the pot is fixed, I will be the one to determine when you are allowed to use the pot. It wouldn't do to have a queen who can't control herself, after all.

5. (Chaotic Neutral) I will help you, on one condition. You must relieve yourself into the soldier's latrine first. It would do the soldiers some good to finally see their queen is human like the rest of us - this charade has gone on far too long.

###

“C-Curse you crusader! Your allies are doomed! Those among you who haven’t already been corrupted will bleed out into the dirt within a month!“

The demoness is locked up inside her cell. She strains fiercely against her cold iron restraints. One of the clerics has placed a sealing spell on her, preventing her from releasing her cursed urine. Her bladder has become swollen and taut during her captivity, and despite the tough front she is putting up, you can see she is in agony.

1. (Lawful Evil) Perhaps I’ll play with you, like you played with so many of our soldiers? If you’re good, maybe I can even find a way to help you relieve that aching bladder of yours?

2. (Lawful Neutral) You’ve made your bed, and now you must lie in it, demon. I doubt I can appeal to any goodness or righteousness within you, but perhaps you will eventually be motivated to tell the crusade what you know to be relieved of your cursed bladder. It would take an effort on our part to make that possible, safely, so make it worth it by providing us with the information we need.

3. (Chaotic Good) Even wicked creatures deserve mercy. I will try to find a way to allow you to relieve yourself without endangering our camp. You must be hurting, having such a full bladder and being unable to pee.

4. (Chaotic Evil) Relieve yourself in front of the demoness.

*007*2023-06-08 01:12

A hunched-over priestess approaches the commander, holding a chamber pot inscribed with the sacred symbols.

“The holy city of Vonsip welcomes you, c-crusader. Holy pots have been prepared for you and your soldiers, so that you may relieve yourselves safely after your long journey.”

The priestess is very clearly desperate to pee, even though she is trying to hide it while in your presence. Looking around the cathedral, many acolytes share in her desperation. However, your own soldiers and compatriots have gone through forced march without relief to reach the holy city of Vonsip ahead of the abyssal horde. They need to urinate safely if they are to stand a chance of protecting the city.

1. (Lawful Good): You are right that my soldiers need relief, but some can still endure for a time. Allow your most desperate acolytes some relief as well – if they wet themselves that might very well doom the city. I will of course set an example by withholding my relief.

2. (Lawful Neutral): Do not think your sacrifice will go unnoticed, priestess. You will have to contain your waters for some time, I’m afraid, but your devotion and the efforts of your church might very well be what allows the walls of Vonsip to hold against the tide of corruption. The soldiers will be relieved before the coming battle.

3. (Chaotic Good): It’s risky, but we will attempt to dig some latrines outside the walls. The most desperate among the soldiers will use a pot now, but it’s there is a need among the clergy as well. It will be a race against time, but when the demon forces arrive we must all be refreshed and ready to fight – and that includes you.

4. (Chaotic Neutral): whisper to the priestess Some of my soldiers are beyond themselves with desperation, and they need to urinate as quickly as possible. Set down the chamber pots right here in the cathedral so they can use them immediately.

5. (Lawful Evil): Your shameless display is a direct affront to your goddess. Clearly, you are setting a bad example for your acolytes as well.

*010*2023-06-08 09:22

At the risk of saying something people are already fully aware of; this thread is not an interactive. You aren’t voting for any of the outcomes. Still, it’s interesting to consider which option one would pick.

*012*2023-06-08 13:57

No worries! It’s structured similarly to one after all, and it’s still a bit interesting to see which choices people like the most.

*013*2023-06-15 10:04

For two days now you have been hiding within the demonic realm. You are to strike up a deal with an abyssal informant to get information from behind enemy lines. For this mission, you brought some of your most capable companions, as you required people with both capacity for subterfuge and enough endurance to survive in this hellish dimension. You’ve staked out the location, and all that remains is to wait for the informant to arrive.

You’ve had many close calls and tense situations to handle, and now you are faced with a threat from within. After two days, you and many of your compatriots are reaching their limit. Urinating in the demonic realm would be a death sentence, and despite your prowess you are still only mortal. Your bladder aches for relief, and the more time passes the higher the risk that someone can’t take the pressure and compromises the mission.

You are approached by Zastrava, your celestial compatriot. She wears the signs of desperation as well though out of all of you she seems to be the best off, likely due to her divine constitution.

“Commander, I have a proposition. I have seen that many among our band are reaching their mortal limit. One of my divine abilities allows me to take the waters of any creature into myself, sparing them from a full bladder. However, what is taken from them will be delivered twice onto me. Taking everyone’s waters may be more than I could handle. I offer my bladder to the cause, and I ask of you for advice on how to best apply myself.”

1. (Lawful Good) It is not right to use you any more than is necessary. Each companion shall be relieved a little so they do not wet themselves. I will give you some of my waters as well, but only as much as I need.

2. (Chaotic Good) It isn’t right to make you suffer for our sakes. You can help take the edge off for those who have it the worst, but then we make plans to secure a safe location for everyone to relieve themselves, and that includes you.

3. (Lawful Neutral) Keeping such an ability secret from your commander until now is an act of insubordination, angel or not. Knowing you could do this would have been of great strategic importance. Each companion shall relieve themselves into you, then you will leave for the mortal world so you can relieve yourself without endangering our mission.

4. (Chaotic Evil) I wonder… If you can do this, perhaps the reverse is also possible. Using my own magic, it may be possible for all of us to relieve ourselves into the demoness we captured…

5. (Lawful Evil) You give yourself too little credit. Surely a mighty celestial such as yourself could contain the waters of a handful of mortals. Otherwise, what are you even good for?


