My Full Bladder Alien Abduction

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2023-08-11 18:46

This story probably betrays the fact that I am primarily a science fiction writer who only occasionally writes omorashi stories. As a person who reads a lot about UFOs and alien abduction I think it was inevitable I was going to end up writing some kind of omorashi story about that. And in this case we get the full gamut of everything from aliens paralyzing people, to putting imagery in their head of things that make you have to go to the bathroom, to making women watch men pee before them and urinals, and to watching women line up for the bathroom while completely naked and then having to go to the bathroom while naked, it basically has a little bit of everything, so I am really very pleased with this story overall, as I think it was probably one of my weirder and more extreme omorashi stories and for that reason more creative and interesting I hope.

I probably won't do the sequel that I left things open to, because that would pretty much be more of the same, but I thought the way I ended it was a funny way of ending it. And yeah the story basically came from one of those topics that probably no normal person thinks about, where I wondered if you were abducted by aliens what if you had to go to the bathroom on an alien spacecraft but the aliens don't need to go to the bathroom so there are no bathrooms available, except for the purposes of experimentation that is!

But perhaps in spite of the fantastic premise it may be considered a somewhat realistic story, seeing as a race of aliens who had evolved beyond the need for elimination would probably be fascinated by human processes like urination and defecation, and as this story shows they might be as immature about it as we are, and perhaps enjoy watching people squirm!

Can also be read in my blog https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/13011.html

***

Jill found herself having that dream that she often had when she had to go to the bathroom badly enough, where she is walking around in a place and finding no sign of a bathroom anywhere, or she finally finds the bathroom only to find its urinals only or some type of bathroom without any privacy, in any case it's a bathroom situation where she would be unable to relieve herself.

When Jill opened her eyes and found herself in bed she was relieved that it was just a dream and now she could get up to go to the bathroom but all of the sudden she found herself paralyzed but still feeling a very full bladder that she could not ignore and which desperately needed relief.

As Jill looked around the room with her eyes she could see that there seemed to be a bunch of large headed black-eyed gray extraterrestrials in the house. She had experienced extraterrestrial abduction before like that, but never when she had to pee this badly. She wanted to shout out to the aliens to let her go to the bathroom first if they were going to take her, but unfortunately she found herself unable to speak.

As Jill found herself levitating out of her bed the motion of her levitating out of bed didn't help to take any of the pressure away from her bladder, which was now throbbing with an aching fullness that she didn't think was humanly possible, in fact it felt positively otherworldly, as otherworldly as the weird experience she was having at the moment. She drank so much before going to sleep last night and had she anticipated that she was going to have an alien encounter like that she probably would have watched her liquid intake, because she was certainly regretting it right now. But you could never really predict when these type of weird situations were going to arise, aliens were strange like that, and also very inconsiderate.

Realizing that she couldn't say anything Jill started thinking at the aliens about how badly she had to go to the bathroom, because she knew that aliens, being telepathic, would probably be able to pick up on her extraordinary urge to go to the bathroom simply by reading her thoughts.

"Hold it," the telepathic response came from the alien.

"But I really really really have to go," Jill thought back to the alien.

"Too bad, continue holding it."

Normally a situation like this would frighten Jill to the point where she would release her bladder involuntarily but whatever the aliens were using to keep her motionless and paralyzed also seemed to be paralyzing the muscles in her bladder, although not the nerve endings that allowed her to feel the aching feeling of fullness in her bladder, which felt like it was ready to explode at any moment.

Normally finding herself on an alien spacecraft like that would be the main focus of her attention but right now the pain in her bladder was so intense that she couldn't think about anything other than getting back home and getting to use her bathroom.

"Please extraterrestrials, my bladder is so achingly full, please let me go to the bathroom before you do anything else to me," Jill telepathically pleaded with the aliens.

"I'm sorry but our species does not excrete waste, so we do not have any bathrooms on this spacecraft," the alien said.

Jill wished that she could move her body because she wanted very badly to cross her legs or to grab herself but not being able to do even that made her situation even more frustrating. If only she could move around she could perhaps try to take some of the pressure off of her bladder, but in spite of the fact that she could not move she could feel every sensation in her body even more acutely, she could feel the aching sensation in her bladder just as much as she could as if she were able to move.

As Jill suddenly found herself on a table the aliens began undressing, her making the situation even more embarrassing and awkward than it already was. In fact right now though her bladder was so full that she thought more about that than the fact that she was naked inside of an alien spacecraft. She had experienced that before but never with her bladder as full as it was right now.

As Jill continued lying there on the table she could feel the aliens poking her bladder with some kind of instrument that only made her bladder pain even worse.

"Please, I really have to go to the bathroom, please stop poking my bladder like that," Jill thought at the aliens.

The alien shook its large bulbous head. "I'm sorry but we have to understand this concept of needing a bathroom through telepathically probing your mind."

"All you're going to find if you probe my mind right now is the fact that I really really need a bathroom very badly, although I'm hoping you're not intending on probing any other part of my body."

The alien continued poking Jill in the bladder as she tried to grit her teeth and tried to think of something else but the pain in her bladder was so overwhelming that she couldn't concentrate on anything else.

The aliens soon began floating Jill up against the wall where she found herself next to and across from other groups of likewise naked women and started to feel really self-conscious, not just over the fact that she was naked on board an alien ship, but the fact that now there were lots of aliens and lots of other women who could see her with her painfully full bladder out there on display.

Although she could not move her body, Jill was able to move her eyes around and she could see the looks of distress on the other women's faces. She figured they were probably distressed because of the fact that they were being kidnapped by aliens, but as she looked at the look in their eyes she could see that a couple of them seemed to be whimpering for another reason, in fact all of them seemed to be in the same situation and condition that she was in right down to their bladders.

"Now that we have abducted all of the women with painfully full bladders we are going to observe the sensation of what it's like to have to go to the bathroom," the alien leader telepathically communicating with all of the women who found themselves naked and on display.

Jill kept thinking to the aliens to please please please just let her use the damn bathroom and she would comply with whatever experiments that they wanted to do on her, but just let her go to the damn bathroom first!

"I can see that as all of you were abducted with extremely full bladders you are all very desperate to go to the bathroom, even to the point where it seems to be overwhelming your otherwise normal human brains," the alien communicated to all of them. "We have to understand how human beings try to cope mentally with a full bladder that they know they cannot relieve. As we are a species that does not have bladders or a need to urinate we find the human need to urinate to be a fascinating difference from our species. The constant need to relieve oneself of an extreme aching pressure from between their legs must make human life a lot more difficult."

Jill and all the other women all seemed to be whimpering. Although they could still not move they all seemed to be in agony with desire to release their aching full bladders, and yet none of them could move to grab themselves or cross their legs.

"It seems that all of you puny human beings are completely at the mercy and dictates of your bladders," the alien said, and Jill could see that across from her looked like a pregnant woman who looked like she was in the greatest agony of all. "And it seems that when you are with children that those children use your bladder as a punching bag and a pillow, which must make human reproduction especially primitive and frustrating."

As Jill looked at the pregnant woman across from her looking like she was in greater agony than all of the women before, she considered herself fortunate that she was at least not pregnant, and she was hoping that she wouldn't end up being impregnated with an alien fetus, as that would probably make her bladder even more filled with pain.

As Jill tried to think about anything other than the fact that she really really needed to pee, all of the sudden her mind was filled with all sorts of images of flowing waterfalls and crashing streams and the sound of flushing toilets. Once again she and the other women started moaning and whimpering as she had no doubt that these images were being put into their heads by the aliens.

"But as you can see when human beings have to go to the bathroom anything that is vaguely reminding them of the bathroom seems to bring them even greater agony and leaves their minds almost nonfunctional," the alien leader said as Jill once again tried to break free of the control so that she could relieve her bladder, and yet she found herself just as paralyzed as she was before.

No matter how hard she tried to focus on something else Jill could not escape the imagery that the aliens were putting into her head of water and bathrooms and peeing.

"Please this is absolute pure torture, you don't seem like a very humane species for a supposedly more advanced race," Jill thought towards the aliens.

"It is imperative that we learn about this human subject you call urination, it seems that the female of your species encounters a lot more bladder pain than the male of your species who seems to have an easier time relieving himself," the alien leader thought at all of the women as all of the sudden a bunch of men came out. "We will now allow the men to relieve themselves while the women watch."

As a bunch of men grabbing themselves suddenly started whipping it out and peeing all over the floor in front of them Jill and the other women started moaning in an audiable way despite the fact that they could otherwise not move their bodies. Were the aliens trying to torture them to the maximum degree to learn about urination in the fullest form? Jill certainly felt this was the fullest her bladder had ever been before, and she thought that if it were not for the aliens taking control over her and paralyzing her that she probably would have released her bladder a long time ago.

Jill could see that all of the other women looked as though they wanted to cry as they saw all of the men peeing all over the place.

Just when it seemed like things couldn't possibly get worse Jill suddenly felt a tingling sensation over every inch of her body, which if she were able to move she would be fighting to resist at all costs, but she could do nothing to get away from the sensation of thousands of fingernails over every inch of her naked body that just caused her bladder to feel like it was just about to release, but something about the aliens control over her was preventing her from relieving herself.

Jill could tell that the other women certainly weren't laughing all that muc,h as she could see the looks of agony across their faces that most certainly must be on hers as well. The fact that she was extremely ticklish and that that made her bladder ache even more certainly wasn't helping the situation.

"Oh my God I'm going to die if you don't let me use the bathroom right now," Jill started indicating to the alien who simply shook his head.

"I think that these women really really need the bathroom," the alien leader said. "It's amazing how something as simple as an urge to release a small amount of liquid from inside of themselves can be somehow so overpowering that it drowns out every other thought in their heads."

"It's not a small amount of liquid, it's a tremendous amount of liquid!" Jill screamed inside of her mind in such a way that even the alien seemed to be a little bit overwhelmed.

"It seems these women are at their absolute limit of endurance, so perhaps we should ultimately allow them to use the bathroom," the alien leader said as Jill breathed a sigh of relief and could see all of the other women looking as though they had suddenly gone to a state of euphoria at the very prospect of going to the bathroom.

"Please please please let us go to the bathroom!" Jill shouted mentally at the alien.

"Okay ladies we will finally allow you to go to the bathroom, but we want to study one final phenomenon before we allow you to release your bladders," the alien said. "We want to explore the phenomenon that you call the bathroom line. Until it is your turn to go to the bathroom you will be unable to release your bladder no matter how achingly full it may be."

All of the women were now moaning in an audible way again but as they suddenly became free they didn't see any bathrooms anywhere, until out of the floor appeared a single toilet that emerged right out of nowhere but with no privacy whatsoever.

"Aren't you going to give us some privacy?" Jill asked as several of the other women shouted in agreement with her.

The alien laughed. "Ladies you are all already naked, you shouldn't feel any inhibition about going to the bathroom in front of one another."

Jill looked around and she could see several of the women grabbing themselves hopping up and down and frowning and gritting their teeth, like they were about to pass out from the pain in their bladders.

As the 20 naked women lined up in line for the only toilet Jill was distressed to find herself near the end of the line, as usual.

As the women started waiting in line trembling and grabbing themselves for dear life, even though they knew their bladders could not release until they were sitting on the toilet, no matter how badly they wanted to release them, it was just a natural instinct.

However as they were waiting in line for that toilet appearing on both sides of the toilet where an entire row of urinals as a bunch of men started coming and lining up for the urinals and using them one right after another in an assembly line process.

"This is torture!" one of the women in the front of the line screamed out as she started moving towards the urinals like she was going to try to use it before breaking down and getting back into the line.

"As you can see in human society it is common for men to relieve themselves in a speedy and efficient manner while next door to them the women stand there in agonizing bladder pain waiting for a smaller number of toilets," the alien said.

"We already know these things, we know them all too well!" Jill shouted as the other women started nodding in agreement as they continued to hop up and down in place causing certain areas of their anatomy to jiggle around in a really embarrassing way that caused many of them to blush.

Jill tried to focus on anything other than the fact that she was standing there naked as a bunch of men were peeing in the urinals next to them and getting to see the women squirm in line naked. She felt pretty confident that this had to be the most embarrassing moment of her life, and she didn't think that there would ever be competition for that.

Slowly the naked women in front of her inched forward towards the toilet, but as each of them sat down on the toilet many of them were finding it hard to release, even once they were on the toilet.

"I can't go when somebody's watching me!" the woman sitting on the toilet in front of them said.

"I'm sorry but you have to go with an audience or you will not go at all," the alien leader said. The women started looking around to see if there was any way to escape from the aliens but it seemed like they were surrounded in some kind of force field, all trapped in the area with the one toilet and the rows and rows of urinals.

Eventually the woman sitting on the toilet was able to release her bladder as she screamed out in relief as all of the other women in line grabbed themselves and whimpered loudly.

"As you can see human women often feel self-conscious about using the toilet when other women can see them," the alien leader said. "But at some point the bladder itself will eventually give way to release even in spite of these extraordinary inhibitions."

Jill continued to wait in line, and even the fact that she was surrounded by lots of attractive women didn't distract her from the fact that she felt her bladder was going to explode. She could see that all of the women in line were focusing on their own bladders rather than the fact that they were surrounded by other women who were completely naked.

As Jill listened to woman after woman sit on the toilet and eventually release her bladder in spite of her inhibitions, she felt her own bladder screaming for desire to release, but she knew that there was no chance of her releasing her bladder until she was seated upon the toilet, and she felt her butt quivering with that desire to sit down and pee.

Finally it was the turn of the pregnant woman to go to the bathroom, and she peed the loudest of all the women, as the women in line screamed out in pain.

As the woman in front of Jill slowly sat down on the toilet she frowned.

"What's the matter?" Jill asked.

"I really can't go when people are watching me," the woman said. "Even though I'm ready to explode I can't go when I know that there are others right there."

"I'm sorry but unless every single woman watches you will be unable to release your bladder," the alien leader communicated to all of the women.

As Jill stood there grabbing herself right in front of this other woman who was sitting on the toilet and not going to the bathroom, she felt like she was going to pass out from the frustration of this.

"Raindrops keep falling on my head," Jill started singing as all of the other women looked right straightforward at the woman on the toilet and began singing along, when all of the sudden she leaned her head back and suddenly screamed with relief as she began releasing her bladder into the alien toilet.

As the woman in front of her started peeing loudly, Jill felt her legs trembling like she was about to faint before the woman finally got up off of the toilet and Jill slammed her ass down on the toilet. She thought the moment her ass touched the seat that she would instantly explode, but as she looked at the women surrounding her and watching her, she found that she couldn't pee a drop.

"No I really have to go, please come on," Jill said, but her inhibition had gotten the better of her, as she wasn't finding her bladder releasing, as she could see the eyes of all of the other women in front of her and behind her. Many of them were looking more relieved and that was just making her feel even worse.

Soon all of the women started singing the raindrops song as Jill tried to imagine herself releasing her bladder, and then finally after what seemed like far too long she found her bladder finally releasing as she trembled with relief, before pretty much falling off of the toilet from exhaustion as the final woman slammed her ass down on the toilet and quickly exploded.

The alien leader smiled. "Well ladies you should all be very proud of yourself, you were able to overcome your inhibitions when your need to urinate overwhelmed all of your other senses. This has been valuable data for our species and we thank you for your participation in this great experiment."

As the women were finally allowed to get dressed and returned to their beds Jill found that as soon as she got back into bed she immediately fell asleep from total exhaustion of holding her bladder all of that time.

When Jill woke the next morning she thought that maybe it was a dream if not for the fact that her bladder still felt really sore from the experience. At any rate she thought she would take it easy but later that day she decided that she needed to go food shopping, and while she was food shopping she found that she needed to go to the bathroom.

As usual there was a line and she saw couple of other women in the line who all began blushing as they recognized each other from the alien spaceship, even though they were now wearing clothes.

"Well hey at least this time we're going to have some privacy," Jill said as she and the woman in front of her in line laughed right before all of the sudden the lights went out and they suddenly found themselves paralyzed.

When Jill opened her eyes again she once again found herself naked in the spacecraft surrounded by lots of other naked women.

"Not again," Jill thought loudly at the alien leader. "I don't think my bladder can take all of that again!"

The alien leader shook his bulbous head. "Not to worry ladies, but you won't have to worry about being overwhelmed by your urge to urinate this time. Today will be exploring the phenomenon of human defecation. Now in the human body it is possible to retain solid waste for several days, so this will be a greater experiment than the last one."

As Jill felt herself naked up against the wall and looking at the faces of the other women she realized that she was wrong the other day, there were far more embarrassing things than being kidnapped by aliens, stripped naked and needing to pee!

*002*2023-08-12 17:44

@asperman1

"I mean, even if it is more of the same, would LOVE a sequal.."

I mean the concept works just as well with poop desperation but it would be pretty much similar to the first one where she has to poop and she is just kept on the ship for days at a time.

*005*2023-08-13 21:03

@raycastellan

"I wonder, what imagery would the aliens insert into the minds of the women as they are desperate to poop? Watery imagery and sounds are usually linked to pee"

That's actually an interesting question and it's something I have thought about from time to time even years before I ever conceived of this story. When it comes down to it although water imagery does make one need to pee there doesn't seem to be a similar amount of imagery that makes one have to poop. Like someone asked me this once before, and like what kind of images would you put into someone's mind or that you would try to tell to somebody to try to make their poop desperation worse, and I feel like it doesn't really work with poop desperation the way it does with pee desperation. I mean maybe you could put imagery up something plopping or direct imagery of pooping or toilets flushing, but I just don't feel it's the same as it would be with pee. Pee desperation and poop desperation I think have different triggers that make them worse.

*007*2023-08-13 22:16

@rebeljaffa

"Sometimes one triggers the other, in no specific order :)"

True when you have to do both the desperation magnifies both of them by virtue of the fact that you have to do both at once, as sometimes I have a really full bladder end up getting gas pains and then having to go to the bathroom that way as well. But in regards to the particular point that was brought up there isn't any specific mental imagery that makes me feel a greater need to poop the way water imagery would make me have to pee.

*009*2023-08-14 17:37

@aumonier95

"Regarding the question about what images would the aliens put in someone's mind to make them need to poop, maybe they wouldn't use images but sounds."

I suppose they could use farting sounds or plopping sounds but it feels like it wouldn't be exactly the same as with pee desperation. I would imagine that if I had to poop though other people mentioning poop or pooping or anything like that does make me need to go more, so putting images like that in my head probably would make me have to poop more but I still don't think it would be as intense as water imagery making me have to pee.

"I am not very interested in poop desperation so am not expert but I think there is a brown noise sound that is supposed to impact bowel system of people, so they could use that."

I always thought that the Brown noise was something that they made up for that episode of South Park where they played that flute solo that caused 4 million people to simultaneously shit themselves!

