Omo Isekai Prequel - Lexi: The Gassy Gamer

Author: Debo

*000*2025-12-16 18:04

Hey Everybody— I’m waiting on approval for the next chapter of my long series, Omo Isekai, where a group of girls get stuck in a game in which they can’t unequip their panties. While I’ve been waiting, I decided to write a prequel with some events that happen outside the game world. If people like these, I might write some more for the other characters at some point.

$/118445-trapped-in-a-game-without-toilets-omo-isekai/

Prequel - Lexi: The Gassy Gamer

Lexi plopped down into her well-worn gamer chair, the familiar creak of the faux leather a comforting sound in the quiet apartment. It was raid night, and she was pumped—nothing beat diving into Eternal Realms with the girls, especially when she had the place to herself. Her roommate Zoe was out again, crashing at her new boyfriend’s house. Zoe had met the guy in-game a few months back, some tank from another guild, and things had escalated fast. Lexi didn’t mind; it meant she could crank up the volume, snack without judgment, and let loose in ways Zoe would probably raise an eyebrow at.

She adjusted her headset, the LED lights on her keyboard pulsing in sync with her excitement. A half-empty can of energy drink sat beside a bag of spicy chips—her pre-raid fuel. Logging in, her bard character materialized in the guild hall, lute slung across her back. She hopped into voice chat, the familiar pings greeting her.

“Hey, squad! Lexi in the house—ready to rock this raid?” she chirped, her voice bubbly as always.

Mia’s steady tone came through first, the unflappable leader as usual. “Good, you’re on time. We’re pulling in five. Sophie, you good on mana pots? Riley, no stealth trolling the healers this time.”

Sophie giggled softly, her shy voice a contrast to the group’s energy. “I’m set, Mia. Just double-checked my gear.”

Riley’s laugh crackled over the line. “No promises, boss. But I’ll behave… mostly.”

Lexi grinned, leaning back as she grabbed a handful of chips. The banter flowed easy—these girls were her crew, even if she’d only joined a couple months ago. She wanted to fit in, to be the fun one who kept spirits high. As the countdown started, a familiar rumble stirred in her gut. Those chips were hitting fast. She felt a bubble of gas building, insistent and ready to burst.

No biggie, she thought, muting her mic with a quick tap. She lifted one cheek off the chair and let rip—a long, bubbling fart that rolled out with a satisfying brrrrap. The smell hit almost immediately, pungent and cheesy, filling her small room like a fog. Lexi waved a hand in front of her nose, chuckling to herself. “Whew, that’s a stinker. Good thing Zoe’s not here—she’d kill me.”

She unmuted just as Mia called the pull. “Everyone ready? Let’s go!”

The raid boss loomed on screen, and Lexi strummed her virtual lute, buffing the group with a jaunty chord. But another fart was already brewing. The release was quieter this time, but warm and lingering, adding to the room’s growing aroma. She didn’t mind; as long as the girls didn’t hear, she was golden.

The fight intensified in phase two, the raid kicking into high gear. Elyndra the Void Queen shrieked through her headset, her ethereal voice echoing as shadowy tendrils lashed out across the arena. Mia’s commands cut through the chaos like a blade: “Riley, flank left—interrupt the casts! Sophie, shields on the tank! Lexi, keep those buffs rolling!”

“Got it, boss!” Lexi replied, her fingers flying over the keys to strum a Bardic Inspiration chord. The group dove in, dodging void zones and stacking for mechanics. But that familiar rumble was back in her gut, sharper now. The spicy chips were fighting back. She felt a bubble building, insistent and hot—this was going to be a big one.

Mid-rotation, she muted her mic with a quick alt-tab flick. Lifting one cheek off the chair, she let rip—a long, bubbling fart that echoed in her quiet room. “Oh man, that’s ripe,” she muttered to herself, fanning the air. The smell bloomed fast, like overripe cheese mixed with sulfur, but with Zoe gone, she didn’t care. It was kinda funny, her private stink bomb session. She unmuted just in time. “Buffs refreshed—watch the tendril spawn at three o’clock!”

The fight intensified. Elyndra hit 30%, her final phase, summoning shadowy minions that swarmed the group. Lexi danced her character through the chaos, popping cooldowns and keeping the team’s morale high with her quips—all the while, her gas continued to build. Feeling another imminent release, she muted again as Mia shouted orders, “Incoming minion wave, focus the big one first!”

The release came with a wet gurgle, warm and sticky against her cheeks. Her eyes widened.

Wait, that felt wrong.

She shifted in her chair, feeling a faint squelch, but the boss demanded focus—a dodge mechanic sent shadowy voids exploding under her character’s feet. She rolled just in time, but her gut continued its rumbling. A second fart escaped involuntarily—a small, bubbly one slipping out with a quiet gurgle. More warmth spread in her underwear, soft and gross, making her freeze for a split second.

Oh crap, was that…?

Her character took damage from the void, health dipping low. Sophie’s heal saved her, but Mia snapped, “Lexi, stay sharp! We almost wiped there.”

“Sorry, lag spike!” Lexi lied, face heating up. The subtle dampness in her panties was distracting, she could feel it linger as she adjusted her position. She wanted to check the damage, but the fight raged on—Elyndra at 10%, the group pushing hard. Cheers erupted as the boss finally crumpled, loot popping up on screen.

Lexi leaned back in her chair, exhaling a shaky breath. That fight had been intense—her heart was still racing, and not just from the boss mechanics. Her panties clung uncomfortably to her butt, no doubt a consequence of that last bubbly release. She glanced at her door, confirming she was still alone, then slipped a hand down the back of her pants for a quick check. Just a small wet spot—damp but no mess.

Probably just sweat.

The close call made her question a quick trip to the bathroom, but Mia’s voice cut through her thoughts before she could even think about standing up.

“Great job on Elyndra, team. Loot’s distributed—check your bags. No time to waste; let’s chain the next one. Everyone topped off on pots? Next pull in two minutes.”

Lexi’s eyes widened. Two minutes? She glanced at her clock—still early evening, plenty of time for the raid, but there was no way she could take care of her business that quickly.

She lifted one cheek again, letting out a deep, fluttering fart that added to the room’s growing aroma. “Whew,” she whispered to herself. The smell was really hitting her now, that pungent mix of spice and gas hanging in the air like a fog. She hesitated, she really had to go poop.

Maybe I should excuse myself—quick bathroom run. But she was the new girl in the group, still proving herself. What if they thought she was slacking? Or worse, unreliable?

Mia was all about efficiency, and bailing mid-raid might make her seem flaky.

Nah, it’ll be fine. I’ll just go after the next boss. I can tough it out.

“Ready over here, Mia! Let’s crush this next one.”

Riley laughed. “Hell yeah—I’m still buzzing from that kill. Sophie, you nailed those heals.”

Sophie murmured shyly, “Thanks… I almost missed that big one on you, Mia.”

Mia hummed approvingly. “We got it done. Focus up—next boss has those chain mechanics. Stay sharp.”

Lexi leaned back against her chair, trying to find a comfortable position. She clutched her tummy and let out some more gas, which rumbled quietly against the cushioned seat

God, my room reeks now. Good thing Zoe isn’t home to see how gross I’m being.

“Everyone get ready. Buffs up!” Mia announced, and the next boss roared to life on screen. Lexi leaned forward, fingers finding her keys, trying to ignore the discomfort and nail her role.

She shifted, tucking one leg under her butt, her bare foot pressing up against the seat of her pants. It helped a little, the pressure from her heel giving her something to clench against, like a makeshift plug.

Why didn’t I just excuse myself?

But Mia was already revving up the group, her voice crisp and focused.

“Alright, this is Kharos the Chainbreaker. Remember the chains—break ’em fast or we chain-wipe. Pull in 30 seconds. Everyone good?”

Riley chimed in with a laugh. “Locked and loaded. Let’s chain him up instead.”

Sophie murmured, “I’m ready… just watching my mana.”

Lexi forced a nod, even though no one could see it. “Yep, buffs prepped.” Her gut twisted again, that full, heavy feeling building like a storm. The earlier wet fart had stirred things up, and now it felt like more than gas. She wanted to run to the bathroom, but bailing now would make her look like a flake.

I’m the new DPS. I can’t let them down.

The pull started, Kharos roaring to life on screen, chains whipping across the arena. Lexi strummed her buffs, dodging the first mechanic flawlessly. But as the fight ramped up, a cramp hit hard—her bowels churning from the snacks and energy drinks. She muted quickly, lifting her free cheek just a bit off her tucked leg, and let out a huge fart. It came long, wet and bubbly, a squelchy brrrrap that left more dampness spreading in her panties. Her eyes widened—oh no, that wasn’t just gas.

She unmuted, trying to focus, but the sticky warmth distracted her. “Chains on me—help break!” she called, her voice a tad shaky. The group piled on, shattering the mechanic, but another wave hit her gut. She clenched hard, her foot pressing firmer under her butt, heel digging in like it could hold everything back. It worked—for a second. Then, still mid-fight, the pressure overwhelmed her. A solid log started pushing out of her hole, warm and thick against her ass. She gasped silently, freezing her character for a split second as the log snaked its way further now touching her underwear slightly.

No, no, no—stop! She squeezed her cheeks together and pressed her whole weight against her foot helping stop her body from finishing what had started, but a small piece had already broken free, mushing against her bottom in her panties. Her character ate another AoE blast—health plummeting as the chain mechanic triggered a group-wide stun. The raid wiped in seconds, characters dropping like flies.

Mia’s frustration crackled over the line. “What happened? That was avoidable—Lexi, you were in the red zone. We can’t afford slip-ups like that.”

Lexi winced, face burning as she felt the small lump squish against her skin. “Sorry, guys—total brain fart. Lag or something. Won’t happen again.”

Riley chuckled. “All good. Shake it off—we got this.”

Sophie added softly, “It’s okay… we all mess up sometimes.”

Mia sighed. “Alright, retry. Focus up—pull in 10.”

Lexi wanted to bolt—clean up, change, anything—but the group was waiting. She was the new girl; ditching now would make her seem unreliable.

It’s just a little… whatever. Ignore it.

But as she adjusted in her chair, the warmth shifted, a sticky reminder she couldn’t escape. Her gut still ached, more threatening to come, but she pushed it down, fingers hovering over her keys.

The small lump in her panties shifted with every tiny movement, a warm, sticky reminder that made her stomach twist. It wasn’t huge—just a shart, she told herself, she’d had her fair share of those before—but sitting on it felt weird, like squishing a soft, mushy cushion against her skin. Gross and distracting, but not unbearable. She adjusted her tucked leg, her foot still pressed under her butt for that extra bit of support, heel digging in like it could hold back whatever was still brewing in her gut. The pressure had eased a little after that accidental push, but she could feel it building back up already—slow and insistent, like her body wasn’t done yet.

Mia’s voice snapped her back to the game. “Okay, this time we do the same thing, but better. Lexi, good recovery on the chains, but we need tighter execution. Retry in 20 seconds. Everyone focus.”

Lexi unmuted, forcing enthusiasm. “I’m locked in, Mia. Let’s nail this.”

The pull started again, Kharos roaring back to life with his whipping chains. Lexi focused, her play good despite the discomfort. The squishing feeling in her panties was constant now—every shift in her chair making it spread a little more, warm and clingy against her cheeks. It felt so weird, like sitting on a half-melted candy bar, sticky and gross in a way that made her skin crawl. But she pushed it to the back of her mind, channeling all her effort into the game. She was the new girl; she had to prove she belonged, that she could handle the heat without flaking. No way was she letting a little… whatever this was… ruin her spot in the group.

Her bard strummed buffs flawlessly, dodging AoEs with precision, interrupting adds before they could chain the tank. “Chains on Sophie—breaking now!” she called, nailing the mechanic. The fight flowed smoother this time; she felt in the zone, the group’s synergy clicking. But halfway through, as Kharos hit 40%, a fresh cramp hit her gut—her bowels rumbling like they were gearing up again. The partial release from before hadn’t been enough; the pressure was rebuilding, hot and heavy, making her clench harder around her tucked foot.

Come on, body—hold it together, she thought, gritting her teeth. Under normal circumstances she would be on her way to defile the toilet, but with the girls counting on her, it felt like an option she couldn’t afford.

They pushed to 20%, the boss’s health dropping fast—until Sophie missed a heal on Mia during a big hit. The tank’s health plummeted, and the chains triggered a full wipe, characters dropping in a cascade of failure.

Lexi stared at the wipe screen again, her character lying prone amid the raid’s digital carnage. Her focus returned to her needs and she realized the sticky mess in her panties had grown during the last pull—that bit of poop squishing warmer and more insistently against her skin with every shift in her chair. It felt so weird, like a soft, mushy weight pressing back there, clingy and gross in a way that made her face burn.

Sophie’s voice cut through the silence, apologetic and soft. “I’m so sorry! My bad on that shield; I got chained at the wrong time.”

Mia’s voice was tinged with poorly veiled frustration. “Alright, that was better—Sophie, watch those chains next time; they got you locked down too long. Let’s tweak the strategy: Riley, peel adds off Sophie sooner. Lexi, stack your buffs on the tank during the chain phase for extra burst. Everyone clear? Pull in 20.”

Lexi nodded to herself, her free hand hovering over her keyboard. The pressure was building back fast now, her bowels rumbling like they weren’t done with her yet. It felt full and heavy, insistent in a way that made her squirm. She wanted to bail—hit the bathroom, clean up this mess before it got worse—but the pull timer was ticking.

I’m the new girl; can’t keep holding them up. One more try, then I’ll go. Prove I can hang.

As Mia explained the tweaks in more detail—“Riley, use your evasion on the add spawn; Sophie, pre-shield yourself”—Lexi’s gut cramped hard, the need surging like a wave. She muted her mic, biting her lip as another fart slipped out, reverberating against the existing mess. But it wasn’t enough—the pressure kept building, hot and unyielding. Her panties were already ruined, that sticky warmth a lost cause. Screw it, she thought, glancing at the screen. If I just… let it happen, I won’t be distracted anymore. The relief would be sweet, and with the raid wrapping soon, she could clean up after.

She leaned forward in her chair, lifting her butt slightly off the seat—her foot shifting for balance—and pushed. It started with a crackle, warm and thick, the log pushing out slowly at first, coiling against the fabric of her panties. She grunted softly as she pushed out the monster inside her. She felt the seat of her pants bulge, the poop spreading messily as more followed, solid and heavy, filling her underwear with a soft, squelching weight. The smell hit her nose immediately, pungent and thick, mixing with the room’s earlier gas haze. It was gross—warm, sticky, clinging everywhere—but the pressure eased almost instantly, a dizzying relief washing over her like a cool breeze. Her gut relaxed, the ache fading to nothing.

God, that feels better. No more cramps, no more distraction—just… done.

She sat back down carefully, the load squishing under her with a faint mush—warm and cushy now, like sitting on a weird, forbidden pillow. It felt strange, the bulge pressing against her cheeks, but without the urgency gnawing at her, she could focus. She unmuted, her voice steadier than before. “Tweaks sound good, Mia. I’m ready—let’s end this boss.”

The pull started, and Lexi dove in with renewed clarity. Her bard strummed buffs like a pro, dodging AoEs flawlessly, interrupting adds before they could chain the group. The mess shifted with every lean or twist in her chair—squishy, warm, a constant reminder—but it didn’t pull her focus anymore. If anything, the relief made her sharper, her rotations tight and on point. “Chains on me—breaking!” she called, nailing the mechanic as the group pushed hard.

They hit 20%, the boss’s health dropping fast. Mia’s voice rose in excitement: “Pour it on—almost there!” Lexi stacked her cooldowns, the team syncing perfectly. With a final roar, Kharos crumpled—victory cheers exploding in chat.

“Yes! Raid cleared!” Riley whooped, emojis flooding the text channel.

Sophie laughed breathlessly. “That was intense—great job, everyone!”

Mia exhaled, satisfied. “Solid run, team. Loot’s out—see you next week.”

Lexi leaned back, the squish in her panties a gross but triumphant secret. She unequipped her headset, standing carefully as the mess shifted with her. The room smelled absolutely terrible now, a heavy mix of farts and more, but she didn’t care—alone, it was her little victory lap. She’d break out the fabreeze before heading to bed tonight.

Heading to the bathroom, she peeled off her ruined pants and panties, grimacing at the sight: a solid, coiled load smeared everywhere, sticky and pungent. “Ew, never again,” she muttered, hopping into the shower to scrub it all away.

As the hot water washed over her, she swore to herself—I’ll never tell a soul. Not the girls, not anyone. They’d think I’m a total weirdo. But deep down, a tiny part of her admitted the relief had felt… kinda good. Shaking it off, she toweled dry and slipped into fresh clothes. Raid night success—messy secret intact. What could go wrong?

*003*2025-12-22 04:07

{{17 hours ago, Shaggydog said:

Loved this! Are there more chapters to come?

}}

Thanks! I’ll probably post more of these sporadically when I have time between the longer stories I’m working on

