Spaced Out Soaking with Sara!

Author: DerekOmoso

*000*2022-12-29 03:01

Well. I had an accident.

In space.

Yep. Crazy. I know. Let's just say I did some... ILLEGAL things which caused me to get captured by the space police. It sounds out of this world... Literally. Okay that was terrible. I'm sorry.

But yes. It happened. I didn't know flying a spacecraft into Base Hendrix was illegal! I thought it was just another space docking station.

Anyways. I'll get into the actual story now.

I was just given 12,000,000 Pips for Christmas and that was way more money than I've EVER had. So I was like "Hey? Why don't I buy and fly a SpaceKip branded spacecraft?"

It's surprisingly easy to get your hands on one. Go to your local SpaceKip dealer and boom. Spaceship. I decided I would buy the PipSqueak ship.

It's huge.

Well it's huge for a 1 person ship. It's no different than my friend Piper and her 'Dutchman' pirate ship.

Think of your whole house.... But in space. Okay no nevermind. The PipSqueak isn't really home shaped. It's more like a two apartment building's scaffolding on their sides. With like glass connecting them. It's just a huge observatory.

Okay I'm getting off track. Let's speed it up.

BasicallyIwasflyingaroundasteroidwhensuddenlyIflewintoaforttheyimmediatelycapturedmeandthrewmeintotheircellsIwasreallydesperateforapeebutignoredittilleventuallyIpeedmypantssittingdowninthecornerofmycell

Okay. That was too fast. I'm sorry.

I wanted to play with my new PipSqueak really bad! So I completely forgot to use the bathroom. I actually did have to go pretty bad at that time, but I if I'm being honest. I didn't care. I really REALLY wanted to fly around. I knew it was a bad idea considering that the PipSqueak didn't have a bathroom.

(I'd love to ask the person who designed the PipSqueak why it didn't have a bathroom .)

So obviously I was signing up for peeing myself. I didn't even think that I'd be gone long. I really don't know why I didn't go at home. I'm still mad at myself for it.

Anyways I was well into the flight time when I was like "SHOOT I REALLY SHOULD JUST PEE ON THE FLOOR OR SOMETHING"

Gross. I know, but I didn't want to soak my new pants! They're like a cool light blue! My panties I wore under them were a soft white AND I RUINED THEM.

That's when it hit me. Well...when I hit the base. I KNOW I SAID EARLIER THAT I THOUGHT IT WAS A LANDING ZONE. I LIED. I JUST WAS WAY TOO DESPERATE TI REALIZE THE FORT.

Surprisingly I didn't pee myself when I crashed. I did get flung into the wall though. Ow.

Anyways. When I recovered I stood up and almost had an accident. I didn't though! Then these two big men grabbed me and dragged me to this cage.

I'll be honest... When they first grabbed me I definitely leaked a little bit. When they threw me against the wall I did again.

I was sitting down and I kind of hugged my knees...? Like while sitting down. I didn't pee just yet. I sat there and waited for them to come back. They did once!

When they approached my cell to I assume, do paperwork, I begged them!

"Please please!!! I really have to go. I'm going to pee myself right here!!!!"

They ignored me!!!!! How dare they!?

Oh they probably didn't hear me... Hm.

I was handcuffed. I couldn't just take my clothes off and pee on the floor.

That's when it happened.

I felt a slow dribble dampen my panties more.

My pee started coming out faster so it started hissing!!!! Everything was so so wet!!! The puddle under my butt spread pretty far. I was blushing so hard!

One of the guys came back and watched it happen!!! Like AHHHH!!! IT WAS ALREADY HUMILIATING??? WHY DID YOU HAVE TO COME BACK?

Well yeah that happened. I paused the game after that. I realized that I actually ended up leaking a bit in real life. I love holding my pee and playing games. It's so fun!

I felt inclined to pee myself like my character did.

So I stood up and ran to my bathroom. I sat in the tub hugging my knees! I peed just as hard as my character did! The hissing and everything!!! It was such a good experience! That's why I had to come here and tell you!

In the game I just bought my way out of space jail. I still did have a lot of Pips left.

I bought ANOTHER PipSqueak! I kind of liked not having a bathroom! It makes me feel like stops are way way more important!

That's all I've done so far! I'll definitely tell you guys more stories about my space adventures in the future!

Thanks for reading!!!

Love, Sara!

*002*2022-12-29 18:06

{{2 hours ago, Hypergirl said:

I LOVEDDD IT OMG!!! It was hilarious!!! One of my favorites so far!!!

Also i reallllyyy loved the plot twist that was not expected at all

Reveal hidden contents

Never thought that she’d be playing a video game in the end, loved that twist!

Amazing job on this one! You write really good First person perspective stories maybe you should do it often

}}

AWW!! Thanks!! I love writing first person stories, but Sara, or a form of Sara, has to be the main character!!!

I can't just overuse Sara! I love her too, but I gotta keep every 'Star' happy!!

Well if you like the first person perspective ones Imma point you towards Damsel In Dimensional Distress. It has first person in it and it's just unique in general. I no longer update it unfortunately, but it it's still okay!

*004*2022-12-30 05:56

{{8 hours ago, Hypergirl said:

Yesss it’s really good!

LOL! Hope she gets paid well!

I’ll definitely check it out!

}}

Mhm!!!! Sara also loves being a part of them!!!

She gets paid PLENTY. She gets to wet and have fun with no consequences! Plus a nice annual income!!

Yeah!!!

