Era of Survival 2.0 - Fiction inspired by SAO and Log Horizon - Page 2

Author: Darksyn

*025*2017-11-14 02:07

Chapter - Five

We made our way back to the inn with as much haste as we could manage. Thankfully, we arrived ahead of the rest of the combatants that upon our last glance over our shoulders had still been mostly seated. Sigrun asked a couple of her girls - Some players with less inclination for the violent parts of the game - to heat some bathwater and fill a large tub in Sig's room.

At first, the staff hesitated, likely due to the state of our clothing, but they scrambled to work once one of them - A gaunt looking vampire barmaid - turned with a shrug and headed off to begin. The rest scurried after her.

Not too much later, Sigrun and I had peeled ourselves out of our sweaty and soaked (blood or otherwise) clothing and sat facing one another in the deep tub, with our heads just above the steaming water.

"That was... Something, alright." I murmured as I stretched my arms out, before resting the back of my head in my hands.

"Tha first raid on a permanent settlement, at least in our area." Sigrun replied, keeping her knees to her chest. "Worrying, but not unexpected."

Quiet returned as I stared at the oil lamp hanging from the center of the room, the events of the battle playing themselves over in my mind.

"Somebody needs to deal with the large bandit gangs before they overtake the village." I mused, "I've been logged in a few hours less than you, but judging by the volume of fighters on our side, this village is dangerously poorly defended."

"N' how're we supposed ta fight 'em off 'fore another attack comes in and they take tha village, then?" Sigrun asked, beating her fist against the side of the wooden tub in frustration, "Game just went live, n' we're ta lose our home 'cause of some asshole trolls..." She shook her head. "'If you've figured something out by tha next time I log in, let me know. I think I'm done fer the day."

Her hand raised from the water again, Sigrun attempted to log out via the menu.

"Tha soddin' menu changed." She announced, snapping my attention back to her.

"Changed how?"

"No logout n' option menu anymore."

I quirked an eyebrow and brought my own hand forward as I opened my menu with a thought.

Character | Skills | Inventory | Crafting |Factions

The tab labelled Menu had vanished entirely. A chill ran down my spine. Something was seriously wrong.

"You're... Right. This is bad." I confirmed, "I wonder how many other people are experiencing this."

"Hope ta hell this is a bug..."

Of course... It was not a bug whatsoever.

###

Still wondering what the fuck was happening, Sig and I dried off and put on our laundered clothes and began to ask around.

It proved wider-spread than we had expected, which is to say that we figured it was fairly isolated. We were quite wrong. As we continued to question patrons and the rest of the inn staff, discussion began to spread, and a few runners were sent out to the rest of the village, and promptly returned with even worse news.

The bodies of the dead weren't despawning like they did when players respawned in the beta. This, combined with the universal lack of logout availability, started a panic. At first, it was subtle - a tension in the inn and markets where players gathered. It rapidly worsened, however, and in fairly short order, an exodus began from the village. Groups of players following 'leaders', more charismatic than the rest of the population, and promising security and a safe haven far from the village.

As it grew darker outside, more and more left. Some players lone-wolfed their way out, disappearing without much fuss, but others raided the shops of former residents for anything usable before leaving.

Finally, as the sun fell behind the horizon, Sigrun and I were left with the remainder of the population, all crowded around a large table.

Ten players, ourselves included.. A very eclectic collection of characters.

The vampire barmaid was the only one to stay by her side, the rest of the ladies on staff having run off at the call of supposed, 'true safety', along with her were a trio of guards who refused to abandon those who were left behind by the masses of refugees fleeing the village, An elven blacksmith, an orc hunter, and a human man with some magic talent made up the rest.

"Doesn't seem to be much choice." One of the guards sighed, "We've got no chance against those bandits. We killed maybe forty of those guys, and by our last scouting they still outnumber us by thirty or so men. We need to leave, torch the damn place behind us."

Sigrun spoke up next. "Aye, but that'll prove mighty dangerous for whomever sets it all alight." She pointed out, "No doubt when they see tha smoke in the moonlight those bastards will beeline in to grab salvage 'fore it's all gone." Her gaze fell to my end of the table. The mage, and myself, in particular. The only two with the means to set the place aflame in any kind of hurry.

The mage and I exchanged glances. I knew very little about him, aside from some whispers from the vampire before the meeting had begun. He seemed surprisingly skilled with the system of magic, and he had demonstrated a few invocations to prove that...

Of course, considering the eyes Sigrun was giving him at the moment, and what Miss Vamp had mentioned, it seemed a little obvious that I would be the one to turn the village into ashes, alone.

I flicked one of my ears back to draw Sig's attention, and nodded just slightly, before standing from my seat.

"I've got the firebombs for the job." I announced, "The rest of you can haul ass to the East. Once the fires are set, I'm going to bug out to the South. I'll try to break East if I can manage it. Once I get the lay of the land, I'll look for the largest eastern settlement - That's where you'll find me. If I don't show up within a week, I'll find another way to meet with you."

Sigrun winced at the announcement, why for certain I've not been able to tell, as of this writing. Regardless of why, I rounded the table and gave her a pat on the shoulder. "Set up a boozehouse wherever you end up, I'll find a way." I assured her. The rest of the table exchanged looks and nods, and stood to prepare themselves.

I left the inside in time to hear Sigrun sobbing behind me.

After that, I didn't see much of them before the mage fired the signal. A half-hour of prep-time, locating accelerant for the fire and preparing jury-rigged devices to light the fuses followed, and the bright mage-light bolt flying overhead and illuminating the square was the last I would see or hear from them in a long while.

Satisfied with my setup for mass arson, I lit the long fuse leading to the assembly that contained the rest of my firebombs, hay, whiskey any whatever else I could throw into the pyre... and sprinted south.

For a while, all I could hear was my breathing, my footfalls, and the crush forest debris beneath my boots. I almost swore my setup was a dud...

And then the firebombs touched off the blackpowder left behind, and there was a great CRACK-BOOM that would have rattled my bones as much as it did my ears, had I been any closer. A glance over my shoulder showed me a black cloud rising from a raging blaze.

I kept running, after that. Despite the tears welling up in my eyes.

###

Commentary - Five

Leaving that damned village without Agatha/Sigrun was one of the dumbest things I've done in EoS, no matter how much better it did turn out for her sake. It made the first leg of my real journey extremely difficult.

Readers may be asking, "Why not get mage-dude to do it in your place?" Why? Because, as I surmised at the time, and learned to be correct later, that's her husband.

Even if he had stayed behind, it would have made things difficult between Agatha and I.

The torch-it-and-fuck-off strategy at least paid off. It drew in more than just the crew of bandits I had fought earlier, but every fucking jerk within a few miles. Turned into a fiery little arena that resulted in quite a few dead bandits.

Remembering this all still chokes me up a bit. Given the realization we were effectively dying 'for real', it was a very stressful and emotional time.

###

Author's Note: Two in one day! That's probably my best record so far.

I did in fact begin writing 45 minutes after my last post, but this took quite some time to put to text.

If anybody would like to 'ask' Naja anything before the next chapter comes, please feel free, I intend to take a little break to get anything that isn't spoilery answered. Consider it like an interview!

*031*2017-11-17 16:25

The next chapter will most likely be posted in a couple of days, IRL issues have been making writing difficult.

First, my eyeglasses broke. Literally fell to pieces. This is something I can mitigate somewhat while I wait for my new pair to arrive...

Then, I got sick. I'm starting to recover now, but the last two days have involved more rest than productive writing.

Also, since there seems to be little interest in asking Naja questions outside of the story itself, I think I'll skip that for the future.

*032*2017-11-19 05:55

Chapter - Six (Part one of Two)

The next few days were difficult. When the village had been abandoned, most of the supplies were taken by the first to leave, with the few that stuck around longer getting their hands on what was left. No rations, no rope, no tents, nothing left, by the time I ran off.

By now, I was starving. The day of the attack, there was little time to eat, and hadn't even had a bite by the time I had to leave. Thirst was less of an issue. I used one of my starting gear - empty flasks - to take some water from a stream that ran along my path.

I was beginning to muse on the edibility of various leaves and bark, and the headache from the lack of nutrition was making me feel quite woozy.

I snapped right out of that when my ears twitched at a nearby rustle and a wolf leaped from the brush.

I have my own reflexes and the beastfolk racial bonus to thank for not getting killed then and there. I pivoted and leaned back, letting the wolf dash past me and circle around. I drew my blade, and the two of us circled around the copse, waiting for an opening. The gray wolf stared me down, growling and keeping itself low to the ground.

A wave of dizziness washed over me. It must have been something the lone wolf could see, because the next moment I was on my back with my long dagger almost out of reach, and the only thing keeping my throat from being bitten out was my right arm braced against the wolf's throat. I found myself snarling back at it, with a growl of a depth that shocked myself just a little. Not unlike the battle a few nights before, I felt a similar sense of anger, and I swear I was seeing through a red haze. I bared my fangs, and instead of reaching for my dagger, my left hand came down across the wolf's muzzle, and my claws drew blood. Still, it was intent on having me for dinner.

Not as intent as I was on having it. I curled my legs and kicked the wolf off of me, scrabbling against the forest floor with my claws to close in. Before it could recover, I pounced it. My hands forced its muzzle away and kept the neck straight, allowing me to sink my fangs into the throat and tear outwards.

The sound of blood in my ears subsided, and I spat out a hunk of fur and flesh, falling from my kneeling position and on to my backside. Blood soaked the front of my coat, and I was dismayed to realize that in the heat of the fight, I had again soaked my panties and leggings. It was even still warm as I sat there and caught my breath. I wrinkled my nose. Not unlike my previous accident, my enhanced sense of smell made it all the more obvious; the ammoniac smell of urine was hard to ignore.

The taste of wolf blood wasn't as awful as I had expected, but I still spat as much of it as I could, wiping my face on my sleeve as I stood and set about getting a fire ready for after I cleaned my very first hunting kill.

Despite soggy breeches and another episode of bloodlust, I felt pretty good as I skinned and butchered the dead wolf. The process was aided by a system guide function elaborating the process and pointing out things like meat quality and nutritional value, and the removal of the pelt was easier than I had expected, having seen hunters skin animals IRL years before.

It was only minutes later, whilst my meal was making me drool as it cooked over an open flame, that I met somebody that has stuck with me ever since.

"Is there room for one more person?" A soft and feminine voice questioned.

The words shook me from my intent focus on the meat, and I looked around, before realizing she stood off to the other side of my little campsite.

The source of the voice was an extremely pale girl with long white hair, not much taller than me. Judging by how tightly she clung to the shadowed side of a tree, out of direct sunlight, and the blood red eyes with slit pupils, it was quite obvious I had run into a vampire. Unlike the tall, perpetually bored vampire that worked for Sig, this girl looked tired and beat up. She wore a torn and ragged black cloak whose hood had been ripped from the fabric by something, and her clothing beneath wasn't in much better shape. A corset-styled blouse with obvious patchwork repairs and a tatter skirt that just barely managed to keep her panties out of view. Her tights were ripped and practically worthless, and she looked to have been running barefoot.

I wasn't about to turn down somebody looking so ragged, and so , with a blush, I nodded. Before she could get close enough to explain, I pre-empted the question I expected to come. "Sorry about the smell, my dinner just about bit my throat out. I beat him to it, but, uhh..."

The vampire circled to a part of the clearing that had been, before the fire, in the shade. "It was a scary experience?" She suggested gently, sitting down carefully, so as to keep her modesty.

"Something like that. If you like, I have more meat than I can eat by myself, and I don't have time to make jerky or pemmican."

She waved her hand, smiling softly at the gesture."I've had blood already."

A quirk of an eyebrow yielded further detail. "From a trapped animal. You are the first person I have met, or rather the first one that is not hostile."

"Asshole bandits?" I asked, gesturing at her ragged clothing.

"Err, I suppose you could put it that way, yes." she replied sheepishly, "Impolite, brutish and lewd bandits, more precisely. I offered them a satchel worth of herbs I gathered over the first day since my awakening, but they had other things in mind. I have been travelling with considerable haste since then."

"Different level of verbosity, but yeah, asshole bandits." I joked, "I'm out here for similar reasons. Do you happen to know of any settlements nearby?

She nodded, after a moment of hesitation. "Yes, there is one that might have other friendly people within it. I have erred on the side of caution so far and avoided it, though."

My focus darted back to the meat for a moment, and I was lucky to pull away a nicely cooked [Wolf Steak, Well Done], or so my UI informed me. I kept it on the stick I had skewered it upon to cook, waiting for it to cool somewhat before eating it.

"Do they seem like bandits?" I asked, blowing at the the still sizzling steak.

"Not insofar as I can tell. I am... Apprehensive about getting much closer to find out, however." the vampire admitted.

"Well then, if I'm there to back you up, we might both end up with a proper roof over our heads, if luck is on our side. How about it, err...."

"Victoria." She replied, a touch of faint pink gracing her cheeks, "Apologies, I should have introduced myself upon our meeting."

"It's not a problem," I waved it off, "I'm Naja. Nice to meet you, Victoria."

###

Author's note: I'm unsatisfied with leaving this chapter off unfinished, but I'm unwilling to postpone updates much longer, and so this is the first half of a rather longer chapter, and an introduction to an important character.

Sinus congestion and pressure are the bane of my existence, but I intend to soldier on and post the rest of Ch.6 tomorrow.

*035*2017-11-21 04:43

{{2 minutes ago, blooper said:

O, o vampires. Friendly game rapidly turning dark. At least my rp party isn't the only person who thinks eating wolves is a good plan >.>

}}

I almost expected a pseudo-cannibalism remark, to tell the truth.

Most healthy predator animals both IRL and EoS are just as fine a meal as venison, boar, et cetera. (Bear is apparently quite tasty, too.)

EoS is a pretty grimdark game, or at least provides a grimdark setting. Permanent death is only making it darker. :P

*037*2017-11-21 07:16

{{1 minute ago, DsGSilver said:

I'm really enjoying this, so far. I'm especially fond of the quantity of fear accidents.

}}

I wouldn't entirely call them fear accidents. Naja herself will provide more detail in her commentary on the chapter, so I'm not going to spoil the thorough explanation.

I am however glad you're enjoying this. ^_^

*039*2017-11-27 20:01

Chapter - Six

Part Two

Victoria and I spent a good time talking, and I relayed to her the events that transpired to bring me to where we sat. She stayed quiet throughout, looking thoughtful.

"...And that is what brought me this far." I finished, using the stick I had earlier cooked my dinner on as a poker to tend to the fire.

Victoria nodded. She fidgeted lightly with her hands before speaking.

"If all of your story is true, you are indeed not from this world."

I had went to take a sip from my canteen, and I nearly sprayed water all over the campfire as her words quickly processed in my head.

"You're not a player?" I managed to splutter out, "I must sound like a raving lunatic... That begs a lot of questions as to what the hell is going on."

"Indeed. Aeos is not simply a world in a 'game', or it is at least not so for the people who lived here before the Outlanders arrived. You are not the first one I have spoken with, but you are the first to reveal your side of the events of the Migration." Victoria replied.

I rubbed my temples, feeling a headache coming on.

"The bandits are committing awful acts against the local people too? Like colonization all over again." I muttered, shaking my head.

"Victoria, you said there's a settlement nearby. We should wait until nightfall and head that way to warn them about the clan of bandits to the North. I'm not gonna let my inaction screw a bunch of innocent people over."

"If that is what they are." Victoria sighed, tugging the lengthiest part of her ruined skirt, "I apologize if I do not hold the same optimism as you."

I shrugged. "Not a problem. My usual approach with folks is, 'Friendly until proven asshole.' It seems to work most of the time, and when it doesn't? Well, outside of EoS, I had a bit of a habit of punching said assholes. Not in the -- You know what I mean."

Victoria giggled, a bubbly little laugh that made my heart flutter.

"Yes, that would prove quite dirty, I would think."

We both burst into giggles over that one.

###

Commentary - Six

Ah, meeting Vicky. I'm sure glad I did. She and I get along quite well, as the reader will see plenty of as they continue on.

Despite my best efforts, I still haven't kicked my tendency to meet new people while I need to change clothes. The universe conspires to destroy all of my dignity, and I responded and still respond with a giant middle finger to the heavens.

Wolf steak is awfully tasty, for the record, though it's obviously a lot better when spices and herbs are on hand.

What else? Oh, the big reveal about NPCs being real people took me less by surprise than it should have. At the time, I figured they were probably AI controlled and put it out of my mind, but I doubt I'll ever see an AI more 'real' than people like Victoria.

###

Author's Note: Apologies for the late update, the last few days have been busier than they have had any right to be. More forthcoming posts, expect them this evening!

*041*2018-01-11 18:17

Author's Note: After a long, unintended absence, I return to write again!

Chapter - Seven

We waited until just after the sun was obscured by the mountains to continue onward The difference in Victoria's comfort level was obvious, though I wasn't yet sure exactly what effect sunlight had on her kind, yet. She led the way while I watched our backs, or more specifically, hers. her tattered skirt left the better part of her white silk panties on display. She caught me staring eventually, of course, but rather than a huff of disgust, her lips turned into a small smirk and she continued without a word.

The forest was fairly loud that dusk, with insects chirping and animals calling. Both my nose and ears helped me pick out smells and sounds for potential threats, but as it went, the only 'threat' around carried the ammoniac smell of my earlier wetting,the chance for a rash our only real worry.

I swapped positions with Victoria as we drew close to the village. Braziers up in a large squared stone tower cast some light down over the reinforced wooden palisade that ringed the hamlet visible less than a kilometer down the hillside. I could pick out perhaps a dozen structures, the largest of which appeared to be a river ferry platform surrounded by empty stalls.

Victoria shared a glance with me, and I sighed and stepped forward. If these folk were 'NPCs', They would likely not react positively to a Vampire approaching them quite so closely. As we had agreed during our walk, I would be the one to speak with the locals, despite the state of my clothing.

It was hard to hide my blush as I drew closer to the wooden gate, and the two guards loafing around on the outside. The torchlight and what little sunlight remained in the sky still made it plenty obvious what happened. To their credit, they didn't comment, even if they shared a few looks with each other before one of them spoke up.

"Hail, what brings you to our cozy little home, Miss?" he asked, keeping his arms folded over his padded cloth chestpiece. "It's awful late to not be camped out, 'specially with the critters in the woods."

I didn't waste time getting to the point.

"My friend and I have fled this way from a large bandit clan that razed our village to the ground." I replied. It wasn't one hundred percent truthful, but it was a far easier explanation, and considerably less embarrassing in certain regards.

"By the Gods..." The other guard muttered, "That explains the plume of smoke a few nights back. How many survivors?"

Given the hostile wilderness, the bandits, and the number of unprepared players, my mental count was quite low. "I'm not certain on this, but from what I gather, maybe fifty people, if the main roads were blocked. More, if they weren't."

The first guard grimaced. "Where's your friend?"

I nearly mirrored his expression, but managed to keep a straight face. "She's hiding right now, we feared she might not provoke the friendliest response strolling up to a bunch of humans."

"Why, what is she?"

"A Vampire."

The men froze for an instant, but recovered. "If you can vouch that she won't harm a soul here, you can stay the night and pass through tomorrow, but she'll have eyes on her if she leaves her inn room."

Victoria stepped out of the shadows right beside the man, and gave the nervous guard a nod and a grateful smile. He went almost sheet-white, but his hands remained away from his weapons.

"Vicky..." I laughed, following her past the open gate, allowing the less terrified man to lead us onward, "That was mean. Great, but mean."

Victoria replied with the same laugh as she had earlier in the day, the one that made me nearly melt. "Oh, I know. Given their concern about my potential feeding habits, I think it rather fitting to show that I have the restraint to stand next to one of them without tearing a throat out." She replied, pointedly looking at our guide, who gave her a nervous, but accepting nod.

"I wouldn't take you for that sort anyhow, Vicky. You just fed, too." I mused, for the benefit of our escort. He seemed awfully eager to get back to the gate once we had been settled inside an inn room. As a show of hospitality and thanks for the warning, our room was rented out to us free of charge, and a terrified young barmaid dropped off a wooden tray with a pair stew-filled bowls. There had been quite the clatter as she made her way in, and to my amusement, Vicky's words of thanks to the barmaid prompted a squeak, and I managed to pick up the brief hiss of a spurt of pee dampening the poor girl's panties., thanks to my fluffy ears. It was even more obvious as she turned and scampered off, as my canine nose caught the scent. At least, if I was stuck with the same curse my IRL body was struck with, I would be more aware of others suffering similarly. The thought was actually quite enticing, to my surprise at the time. [1]

###

The stew was fantastic, though it took a while for me to finish. Victoria, surprisingly, had dug into it with almost as much gusto.

"I thought you only really fed on blood." I mused as I flopped lazily onto the bed, discarding my coat haphazardly, leading to a 'whumpf' as the heavy garment hit the floor.

Vicky shook her head. "It's merely a part of my diet that I require to stay healthy and in-control, much as you require meat more than other foods."

"Shit," I muttered, "I hadn't realized that. My diet before all of this was different, uh, back in my world. At least I've always been a fan of meat. I can't imagine having to drink blood to stay healthy."

"It is less unpleasant than you think." Victoria replied, amused, "Though, it does provoke particular situations more often than not..."

I rolled over onto my side, and caught sight of the faint blush upon her otherwise porcelain cheeks.

"You're gonna have to tell me about it sometime, if it gets you flustered."

"Perhaps... But you may need to earn that." She replied simply.

I pouted and blew a raspberry back at her as she crawled up onto the bed, sitting with her knees pulled up to her chest, and her arms wrapped about them. While I was getting a bit tired, she seemed to be showing no sign, and was practically volunteering to keep watch in case the villagers did something drastic.

That was good enough for me, and I drifted off into dreamland.

###

Commentary - Seven

[1] - Yeah, as it turns out, I'm a weirdo-wolfgirl who enjoys putting myself into states of toilet distress, seeing girls in various states of the same, and a few other related activities. Not the kinkiest shit I've heard of, but it took me a while to come to terms with it. I figured back IRL that it was coincidental when I was aroused after, say, waking up in a wet bed, but as my time here in EoS continued on, it became rapidly apparent, and that poor barmaid was the catalyst.

So, yes, If you're still reading along, person (people?) who have picked up this journal, you know what to expect.

It does not get any less kinky, I do not skimp on details. Hell, after this point in the original entries, I started paying more attention to my body and those of the cute girls around me. If you're into the same sort of things, enjoy. If you're not... Why the fuck are you still reading? I expected to scare you off when I told you I frequently ruin my panties, weirdo. -Naja

*042*2018-01-11 18:20

I will be out for part of the day, but I have plenty more I can get written down in a hurry once I get home.

...And yeah, the messing begins soon, for anybody holding out for it.

The question is whether or not Naja is the one who is gonna lose it first. Naja, Victoria, somebody else?

~It's a secret~

*046*2018-01-12 00:35

{{1 hour ago, Keita123 said:

Ah, I like the spurt the barmaid did. Hope there would be more stealthy little accidents like that in the future.

}}

Naja detects plenty with her sharp hearing and sense of smell in EoS, things like this will come up again. :3

Work on the next chapter is commencing.

*047*2018-01-12 02:41

Chapter - Eight

Sleep lasted only a couple hours, unfortunately, as once the village began to chatter about our arrival, a group of 'concerned citizens' had come together to 'keep the town safe.'

This boiled down to a couple of loud-mouthed men demanding we be barricaded inside until a sorceress living nearby could vouch that we would not bring harm to the village.

How did I know this? The shouting woke me up.

So I laid with me face in my pillow, pushing it over my ears to try and blot out the ruckus outside. Victoria had moved from her position the night before, and now paced back and forth, quietly.

"Figures." I grumbled, "Overrule your own guards via mob rule. They seriously have no idea how dangerous it could be for them. Superstitions and racism. If we fight our way out, we're the bad guys."

Victoria sighed in reply. "I should be able to get us out of the room and onto the ferry once the sun goes down again. Much as I hate to suggest such a course of action, if we wish to put distance between the mob and ourselves, or the bandits from your village and ourselves, we will need to... commandeer one of the platforms."

I rolled over to face her and shrugged, lazily observing what she was up to.

She was pacing, of course, but she did appear somewhat distracted. There was no sign of sweat, or other more overt sign, but from long personal experience, I had an idea of what was going on.

"So, you do go to the bathroom, then?" I ventured, figuring her occasional pauses mid-step indicated some kind of cramp.

Victoria stopped, and looked at me as if I had grown another head.

"Of course!" She snapped before catching herself and replying more softly, "Why wouldn't I?"

"Uh, I figured magic made that kinda pointless for vampires." I replied sheepishly.

Victoria sat herself down on the edge of her bed, just across from me. Her thighs pressed together hard, and she eyed the jammed door menacingly. "You have ascertained my situation, I gather? Yes, I do quite badly require a place to relieve myself."

It seemed it wasn't an easy admission for the red-eyed girl, as a hint of pink graced her cheeks.

"Mm. And we're stuck in a room for a few hours with no real place to go. My canteen is out, thanks, I drink out of that. There's the empty stew bo--"

"No." Vicky interrupted, cold as ice. I snorted at the reaction, unable to help myself.

"So, given that there's nowhere to go, what will you do? I mean, my pants are already pretty bad, so I don't really see any reason not to let go if I need to."

Victoria shot me a puzzled look, and I decided to clarify. "Think it's weird? Well, this isn't the first time I've been caught short. It happens plenty, actually. Best to tell you now if we travel together for a while, I guess."

I straightened up and scooted down my bed, lining up across from her, with my legs crisscrossed up on the sheets. Despite her stiff posture, she seemed to be growing more curious as I continued, and her annoyed frown had melted into curious expression.

"Back in my world, and according to my, uh... Status magic, as well as personal experience, here as well, I have a couple teensy problems. Mostly related to certain functions of my body. It's more than that back home, but my body here is healthier."

She nodded along as I spoke. "Functions such as...?"

I coughed into my hand, trying to hide the flush in my cheeks. "At home? I had issues with, uh... You'd call it sugar fever." [1] I held up one finger as I continued to list it off. "Next, I have, err... Had, at home, issues with fatigue. The medical jargon probably means little to you, so I'll spare you." I held up another finger, "And finally, the particularly important one in this context. Parts of me didn't grow up right, or did and are too weak. This translated into some of my abilities and 'stats' here in this world, as well as... I'm not very good at keeping it in when I need to go to the toilet." I finished.

Victoria's expression was one of surprise and empathy. "You sound like you were quite frail. Your sugar fever doesn't ail you here, though? Nor your poor endurance?"

I shook my head, grimacing. "Yeah, I just end up washing my clothes more."

The vampire looked thoughtful for a few moments. Before I could inquire, she nodded, and spoke up. "If that is the case, I intend to wait it out. If I cannot wait any longer, I do not imagine you would hold any resultant... issues... against me, would you?" She stated carefully. Her cheeks were bright red now. For me, it might be lightly embarrassing but unfortunately regular, but it seemed to be much harder for her to even consider.

"Well," I giggled, "I would be a massive hypocrite if I got on your case. I mean, I haven't had dry clothes since you and I have met, for fuck's sake. Yeah, I'll keep it hush-hush. I'll even make us some soap later once we give this potential lynch mob the slip."

Her tense posture relaxed somewhat, though she was still sitting quite stiffly. It was hard to determine just what she needed to let out, and the potential had my mind dreaming up potential scenarios that only served to work me up. I was holding up far better myself, but I had no illusions I'd leave the room smelling of roses, one way or another.

Time dragged on, and I took to unpacked and repacking my tools and scavenged materials into a more comfortable setup, trying to optimize space as much as possible. Victoria lacked any real gear, and so seemed to occupy herself with watching. She occasionally asked about a herb or flower, and I relayed what information I could. I was glad there was no clock in that room, or one of us would have battered that door down and fought the mob just to end it, I have no doubt.

The sun hung just over the mountaintops outside of our cozy prison. We were in the last stretch. My dinner from before had caught up with me now, and Victoria was not alone in her discomfort. She, by far, seemed the worse off. It became apparent that the vampire did not sweat, but the rest of the telltale signs were there. At this point, despite her resolve, she had given up on trying not to hold herself, and did so openly, with one hand pressed hard against her groin, and the other braced against her abdomen. Her breaths were short, and it was obviously painful. I really felt for her - I've never truly been able to hold on long enough to end up in that level of discomfort. [2]

It was pretty obvious by now that she wasn't going to make it. The thought was a fun one - but I felt guilty that I was enjoying her suffering.

She didn't have to wait any longer. Even from across the room, I heard the rumble in her gut that turned into a fart... Which very rapidly shifted into a wet, burbling noise as the contents of her overworked bowels pushed their way out against her will. She had doubled over, both hands now holding her stomach. I couldn't get a good view of the back of her panties as it all unfolded, but I did see the mush spread and stain her silk panties. It crept forward as it spread out across her backside... Until it stopped. Victoria looked up at me with tears in her eyes, and I gave her a sympathetic smile as she caught her breath. Judging by the fact she had held her stomach and not let go, it seemed that it was still troubling her. She blinked the tears away and leaned forward, giving a push with a muffled grunt of exertion.

The mess continued to grow now at a rapid pace until her guts finally seemed to calm. Her panties were wrecked - As she stood to survey the damage, they tried to slide down, kept in place only by her quick reaction. The entire rear was quite heavily weighed down, and the staining made it obvious that the muck had covered most of her ass, crept up between her legs, somewhat, and threatened to leak out the legs of her panties.

Victoria finally spoke up, with a quiet, "Sorry, I could not wait." I waved her apology off and stepped over to her side, giving her clap on the shoulder.

"Nothin' to be sorry about." I replied. Oh, if only she had known how glad I had been to see such a thing. Going by the slickness and heat I could feel between my legs, I was beginning by then to understand my feelings about toilet activities, and just how much fun it was to perv in that manner. [3]

As the sun vanished behind the mountains, Vicky's eyes flared, and she grabbed my wrist, holding up her panties with her other hand. In a blink, we had phased through the shadows and crossed the village to the ferry. As she scrambled to get behind something, I made myself useful and pushed the ferry off, before securing the floating platform to the taut rope hanging from riverside poles and beginning to crank the wheel to move us upriver. It was slow going to start, but once I got the hang of it, we made good time away from the village.

I could jam the barge in place if I needed a break, but given the distant shouting coming from the mob, I decided otherwise. Vicky, on the other hand, sat herself down, out of breath. She still hadn't had much time to catch it post-accident, and as she mentioned later that night, our escape had taken further from her stamina. She didn't pay any attention at all to the further damage it did to her panties, and after a few moments, decided to simply lay back and close her eyes while her energy slowly returned.

I was content to ogle her in silence, and if the glimpse of a smile and a red eye were any indication, she didn't object, either.

Commentary - Eight

[1] - Old time-y way to describe diabetes. I don't miss insulin injections, I can tell you that much.

[2] - Usually one end explodes far before I can manage it. I've tried the 'hold longer to train yourself' thing. Didn't work.

[3] - It is indeedily (Is that a word?) quite fun to perv this way. By the time I wrote this entry, I had already witnessed a few more delightful situations.

Author's Notes: Boy, this one took a while to write. I hope the first true desperation accident (and first messing period) were to the liking of my readers. Feedback is appreciated. More descriptiveness/detail? Less? Let me know.

*051*2018-01-14 01:23

Chapter - Nine

Dragging the ferry against the current was hard work, but given the hostility back to the North, it was worthwhile to keep going. As I cranked us up along the long guide rope, Vicky began to recover somewhat. It took some time, and she remained a bit sluggish, but she eventually propped herself up. Her gaze was focused downward, to her ruined panties. The strips that made up what was left of her skirt had been soiled as the mess spread, and she heaved a sigh as she looked the rest of her tattered clothes over.

"I wasn't kidding about that soap, by the way." I comforted, "It might take a good scrub, but those panties should be fine. I even have most of the materials for soap right now. I just need to know what flower you'd like the scent of."

Vicky looked back up at me with a bright smile that made me feel a little weak in the knees.

"Thank you, Naja. You have been so considerate and generous," she answered, "Would... Would lavender work?"

"That it would!" I replied cheerily, feeling warmth rising to my cheeks from her compliments. "Once we reach the next platform, I'll cut the rope and we can set up camp near the bank so I can get started." My vampire companion nodded, staying silent for the moment, until she spoke up with a look of curiosity.

"The weaknesses in your body... Is it simply your waters that give you difficulty?" She inquired, glancing down at my faintly stained damp breeches.

I chuckled sheepishly, feeling my tail drop down between my legs and my ears flatten back. It was embarrassing to spell it out, but...

"No, I end up in your state too." I replied, trying to stifle the blush creeping back to my cheeks, "I might yet if the next stop along this line is too far off."

I wasn't kidding. A look into my stats menu via a few flicks of my right hand showed my status menu clear as day.

It began with my name at the top of the window, tracking for my nutrition, my relative energy, and near the bottom of the list...

' Bladder: 259/550 units, Bowels: 681/750 units '

It was one thing seeing it quantified into units, but entirely another to know that it coincided with how it felt to be that full. Both stats, according to the extended information tool-tips were rather low, but not the worst possible - Something I was thankful for. [1]

"What are you doing?" Vicky inquired, distracting me from the distressing numbers and growing weight in my gut.

"The hand gestures? Uh, I suppose you could call it more of the magic that allows me to better examine how my body is doing." I replied, "It gives numbers or a visual indication of certain things. How hungry I am, how much water I need..."

"How badly you need the toilet?" Victoria grinned, "That does sound useful... You must have a good grasp on when to 'go' before meeting with others." She mused, "To better avoid needing to, ah, excuse yourself from most activities."

"I wish." I groaned, smiling despite myself, "Nah, it sneaks up on me pretty often. I've lived with it long enough that I just make do."

"Resulting in frequent, ah... Accidents? You have my sympathy." Vicky giggled softly. I didn't blame her, it was a fairly amusing result, if occasionally inconvenient.

'it's not that bad...' I mused, thinking back on my more recent thoughts on the matter.

Red eyes widened slightly, and the somewhat stunned and confused expression made me feel like a rock dropped in my gut.

"Did I say that out loud? Ffffffuck."

There was a long pause.

Victoria raised an eyebrow, gesturing for me to continue my train of thought.

"Well, it, uh..." I stammered as I felt my tail dipping down once more and my cheeks burn hotter than they had in recent memory, "I mean... You're not going to burn me at the stake or anything..." I mumbled, provoking a real laugh from Victoria. The combination of the butterflies I felt, the need for the restroom, and the dread I felt for revealing such private thoughts all came together to make me feel like I was nearly about to have an accident from sheer embarrassment.

"Of course not!" Victoria managed to reply after taking a moment to catch her breath. "You did not attack me for who I am, you did not judge me when I was unable to hold out any longer, the least I can do is hear out your... Unusual line of thought."

I grimaced. It wasn't something even I had that much of a grasp on, yet.

"Well, you know, it doesn't feel that awful. The uh, results of the accidents, I mean. Or having them, I guess." I stated, "At least, in my opinion."

Vicky hummed, tapping her chin as she shifted in her seat. It had not been that long, and the mush in her panties had not likely cooled much.

"I suppose you're not wrong. I do feel a considerable sight better now that the pressure is gone, and even if it is an unusual sensation, I cannot say I am repulsed by the feeling." she mused aloud. I felt a considerable weight vanish from my chest, and let out a breath I didn't realize I had held.

"Y-yeah... If it feels better, why not enjoy it?"" I ventured.

I couldn't believe I was admitting to such a thing to such a gorgeous girl - Especially one that seemed to enjoy my more perverted attentions. It made me feel a bit dizzy, though I tried my best not to let my apprehension show.

Victoria seemed to put two and two together, and her look of curiosity melted into a smirk full of mischief. "I knew early on that you were interested in women - Or at least myself," She revealed, "You piqued my interest as well - You are very unusual in a great many ways."

"My oh my," she continued, "It is no wonder you did not hold my predicament against me - You must have thoroughly enjoyed it." she surmised, sending me a knowing wink.

I whimpered softly, feeling like I was going to melt into a blushing puddle of embarrassment.

"How dirty! How lewd!" She teased, standing up and stepping over to the other side of the rope assembly. "You know, I had been musing on making a move before, but now? You are a cute, chivalrous little puppy with a naughty secret. I know the way you look at me - If you wish to touch, all you must do is tell me the truth."

I blurted out my response with no thought at all. "I would really, really like to sleep with you... And much more than that, given the chance."

Victoria raised her hand to scratch behind my left ear. My shoulders sagged, and she ran her finger down along my jawline, before giving my a tap on the nose. I shuddered - her hand was warm, but I could still feel an unnatural, likely magic coolness.

"That can be arranged, on the condition that you share more about your dirty little secret, and continue treat me with the care you have so far. That is all I ask in return."

"In a heartbeat." I replied eagerly, feeling my heart pounding and my body heating up. I had figured vampires would have some of their traditional sex appeal as part of their traits, but experiencing it in person was a whole other ballgame.

"It is settled, then." She replied, sauntering across the platform. She kept a hand on the waistband of her soiled panties, teasing me with the sight.

My eyes moved from her backside to where she began pointing however.

"We're at the first platform." She announced, turning back to face me with her hands on her hips. "I'll moor us, if you can get us close."

Despite my relative exhaustion from the constant cranking, I nodded vigorously, more than eager to get to whatever Vicky had planned once we set up camp.

My gut rumbled ominously, but right then, it only made me smile wider as we pulled in and stepped off the platform. I drew my blade and cut the rope with a few solid hacks, letting the raft wash downstream, before turning to Vicky, who beckoned me toward a copse of trees.

I wasn't gonna keep her waiting.

Commentary - Nine

[1] - The minimum values for each are quite small, and various other stats can end up rendering somebody incontinent if they're unlucky or debuffed enough. Average values for each are Bladder: 750-875, and Bowels : 800-1000. That puts me at a pretty abysmally weak bladder, and my guts can't handle very much either.

As a more general commentary for this part...

Yeah, this is how Vicky and I hooked up. I'm not really ashamed to admit it - She can turn me into her puppy with a few choice words and an ear scratch. Of course, I certainly ended up introducing her to some fun things, and it doesn't take much for her to want to jump me nowadays.

Not that I'm complaining!

Author's Note: I've considered and reconsidered on the subject, and I think I will be posting explicit sexual content after all. My thoughts on the matter are, with how I've ended up writing Naja so far, and how important things like her kinky and sexual exploits would be to her, that it would be remiss to not include them, given that the story is supposed to be like her journal.

Oh yeah, and a second thing is, if it's not obvious, if you're not into characters who actively enjoy accidents and related things, Naja and Victoria will be somewhat of a disappointment. Other characters will have different opinions on it, and will experience their own desperate and fear accident situations, but our protagonist and her girlfriend are pretty kinky.

Won't stop them from having accidents at inconvenient times, or when they can't take the time to enjoy it, of course.

Let me know what you think about all of this!

