The City of Plex: A Vancian One-Shot

Author: DerivativeWings

*000*2019-07-18 19:30

Foreword: So... Yeah. This basically started as a dumb joke that like four people saw and somehow turned into a full story. It's definitely something, I hope at least some people will enjoy the peculiar style I've written in this time. Since it's a small-ish story I didn't get anyone to do a read-through on this one - I hope that the quality doesn't suffer too badly as a result.

Note that the story is standalone and probably won't have any sequels or prequels. Probably.

Enjoy!

The City of Plex

Our protagonist, magical trickster Elln, has found herself in quite the pickle! Accepting to deliver a package for the Scrambled Wizard had seemed like easy money, yet had proved to be not so. In her eagerness for a big payment she had foolishly uttered the word “yes”, which was all the wizard needed to work their enchantment into Elln’s unprotected mind. She should have been more suspicious of the wizard – between her and the delivery point lay the implacable southern wastes and certain death for an unaware traveler.

No matter, she had crossed the Irgut Sea by disguising herself as a high priest of the marine god Glamuzt and stealing one of their incredible scrolls. She had made her way past the Monodands of the haunted Helmut Moor, and the great Tundra of Yarwhel where nothing lives. Elln the Eclectic would by no means be held from her destination and freedom.

Still, traversing the jungle had proved an impossible task, the great chatter of the region’s two-faced monkeys greatly confused Elln, and she always seemed to end up where she started at jungle’s edge when the sun set. Elln would hardly give up, but she could recognize a futile effort when she saw one – and promptly decided to search the area for someone who might explain the peculiarities she had run into and how to avert them.

Sustenance was for the first time in a long while, not a problem – the edge of the jungle had trees bearing juicy and flavorsome fruits which Elln ate with no reservation since her innate magic would warn of poison. Eventually she came upon an unexpected sight – domed stone houses and paved roads, and a great observatory.

Certainly, Elln had not expected to run into civilization so far to the south – the roads led nowhere, and the village seemed to lack a harbor, yet it did not suffer the signs of abandonment and ruin. Boldly, Elln knocked on the wooden door of the building closest to her. Gently the door opened, revealing a woman perhaps three to five years older than Elln.

“I inquire for the means to travel the jungle, and a place to stay the night. In addition, I would make use of your facilities after a long day of travel.”

“A visitor in Plex, indeed! It is best you quickly learn our ways to avoid a costly mistake.”

“I concur – but then may I borrow your bathroom first, so I can hear your explanation in full and without any discomfort?”

“Such is not the way of Plex!”

“Then where can I relieve myself? I am not without urgency, you see.”

“All in due time. The center house holds many facilities one can use at a fee.”

“A fee! Surely the people of Plex have other options or else face financial ruin.”

“By no means. The lord sorcerer owns these lands, and while fruit is plentiful and consumed without penalty, thusly taxes are collected. I would advise against relieving yourself elsewhere – such acts often prove costly for the offender.”

Elln had noticed a restlessness about the woman, and now she knew why. After days in the jungle, she carried only a small sum of money – presumably not enough to pay the fee. Elln would have to hatch a scheme, and as she squeezed her legs together, realized she would have to be quick about it, too.

The center house was easily recognizable since it was larger than the other houses and was seeing considerable traffic. If this truly was the village’s only bathroom this might be explained, yet the folk of Plex must be truly daft and backwards if they would willingly follow such draconian laws. Surely, Elln could take advantage of this backwater foolishness – convincing the right people to let her use the toilet should be a trivial affair.

Before entering the facility, Elln took a quick detour into a secluded alleyway. Making sure she was unobserved, she activated her magic cloak with a shake. Once for a pauper and then again and she became dressed as a lady of birthright; a billowing yellow dress with plenty of lace.

When entering the center building she took great care as to appear regal, adjusting her posture and expression. Within, she came face to face with a pale woman behind a large wooden desk.

“We offer two such services; firstly, ordinary service for 3 pieces” The desk-lady points at the queue of women. “secondly, for a mere 17 pieces we offer extravagant service.”

Such devilry! The ladies of Plex would undoubtedly keep their toilet visits to a minimum, so that when they did in fact enter the manifold sounds of relief would no doubt prompt a hasty decision. Despite the significantly lower price for the “ordinary” facilities, many must have been forced to pay the great premium of “extravagant” just to skip the queue, Elln mused. She was only in the possession of a single piece, which she had hoped would pay for a simple meal and lodgings.

“Of course, as I am a woman of great import, I shall be using the extravagant service.”

“Excellent! Please place your deposit into this tube. It will serve as your key to open the extravagant facility, so be mindful of it.”

“I see! However, a lady of my stature would not carry cash, and my escort lags behind.”

“That is not a problem. I promise to ensure one extravagant facility remains available to you until their arrival.”

“Surely you can accommodate me better than that! I have traveled far and who knows when my escort will arrive? Why, I could take one of your tubes and fill it up later!” Elln ensured some signals of her need reached the desk-lady, a slight hunch forward and a few fidgets interspersed throughout the conversation.

“By no means! Unless the tube has been filled with coin, it won’t open the door. I am certain your aide will arrive in good time and should they not, all know that women of higher status are in possession of strong mental and physical fortitude to withstand and endure as a true lady does.”

Elln did not appreciate the desk-lady toying with her in this manner, yet just before she started to protest a girl from the “ordinary” queue left it to rush towards the desk.

“Please allow me to use the “extravagant” facilities and quickly now, I have the coin.” The girl was distressed in both the tone of her voice, as well as her frenzied movements. The source of her misfortune could have been discerned by a man blind or deaf, though probably not both at once.

“Unfortunately, I have promised the currently unoccupied “extravagant” facility to the highborn lady right here, who currently waits for her aide.” This desk-lady seemed a deviant to Elln, who took such a delight in the misfortune of women in need of a bathroom.

The distressed girl turned to Elln pleadingly. Under her dress, she seemed to be doing everything a woman can to keep herself contained and though her dress hid her legs, the sound of her shoes against the stone floor expressed a feverish though doomed dance. Elln was not heartless.

“You may let this girl ahead of me. Clearly she is of lesser stock and will not last, unlike myself. I shall be off to fetch my servant, who must be loitering or lost.”

The girl gave Elln a look of intense gratitude. She snatched the tube after the desk-lady filled it with her coin and haphazardly started to walk towards the “extravagant” facilities. Elln was shocked to witness the girl start the process of hoisting her dress before she even entered the bathroom – and in such a public place no less! Elln quickly left the building, as even the “ordinary” queue offered no guarantees and her situation was, in all honesty, getting quite dire. Turning right out of the center house, she made for the nearest alleyway.

Out of sight, she once again shook her cloak and uttered the magic word to return her dress to travelling attire – a pair of sturdy trousers and a tunic were far more suited than a dress to her task at hand.

Once safely in the alleyway Elln wasted no time in checking her surrounding and did not spend a second admiring the slight bulge of her belly pressing against her belt. Instead she simply removed her trousers and undergarments, tossed them aside unto the cobble, and positioned herself against a wall.

Elln had no skirt or dress to hide herself under as a well-bred lady might, and no cover of darkness that might obscure a woman of lower repute. She herself was bared, as was her deed, to any who might pass or even peek into the alleyway. Indeed, such a thing could be called careless or even callous. Most definitely was it shameless – even a sailor wife and barmaid would blush at such a display. Elln urinated fiercely and noisily upon the stones, even allowing herself to twice pass gas onto the street – her relief was total and she would be denied nothing.

What she hadn’t noticed, and would come to notice far too late, was the gathering of sorcerous mist upon the streets and all around her. Elln had good reflex and a quick mind, certainly, yet at her own vulnerable moment of bliss she had dropped her defenses – she could not notice the encroaching danger…

$$

*002*2019-07-18 21:52

{{4 minutes ago, Biku said:

Welcome back wings (did the girl from the ordinary queue)

}}

Biku is the best. The queue-girl’s name is Selista.

