Wet weekends

Author: Dimwitrolo

*000*2017-12-16 04:25

“Alright then, see you lot later”

”You two are okay getting home from here, right?” Danny asks us.

”Yeah, sure! No worries!” I reply. “Me and Lucy will be fine we’re adult enough to find our way home!”

”Well, I am” Lucy says. “Not so sure about you, Geoff”

”Oh har har” I respond, with Lucy grinning at me.

“Well you two figure something out won’t you?” Danny says. “Us four get the south-bound train from here, so we have to love you and leave you I’m afraid”

”Sure you lot don’t want to come back to my place?” I ask again. “We could order pizza, there’s enough room to sleep”

”While we appreciate it” Jenny cuts in, “Dan and I have work tomorrow, and Bill here looks like he might fall asleep on the spot”

I look at Bill. He can barely keep his eyes open. In his defence it is about midnight.

”Yeah, alright” I say, taking defeat in my stride. “See you all later then, right?”

”Yeah, ‘course!” Danny says, casting me his reassuring grin. “Next weekend, usual time?”

”Yeah that’s good with me” I say, with the other five giving the same sentiment.

“Let’s be off then” Danny says to the other 3, and they turn around and make their way down the station, leaving just me and Lucy.

”Shall we be off then?” I ask Lucy.

”Yeah, let’s get going” she says.

“Could we hurry a bit?” Lucy adds. “Only I really gotta pee”

Chapter one - making our way home

Our group of friends aims to go out once a week, and we have done since school. We’ve known each other since we were toddlers, and or friendships have kinda stuck. There’s me - Geoff - Lucy, Alice, Bill, Danny, and Jenny, and by now we’re all in our early twenties. Occasionally there’s Gwen, when we can pull her out her computer chair.

Usually there’s nothing to say about what we do - we’ll go into town, have lunch, wander about, maybe go shopping or have a few drinks, and then we’ll break up quite late, usually about midnight before the trains stop running. This is usually the boring part, but today was different.

“What, now?” I ask her.

“When else?” She says. “Come on, let’s go!”

”Whats wrong with the station toilets?” I ask her, pointing in the direction of a rather large sign reading ‘TOILETS’.

”What’s wrong with station toilets?” She says to me, hand on her hip. “Have you ever been in them? I swear, people use the floor on purpose in those things, they’re filthy!”

”Yeah, good point” I admit. “When’s the next train then?”

”No idea” she says, looking around. “Can’t be more than ten minutes or so”

It can.

“Let’s head to the platform then” I suggest. “Not much else we can do”

The two of us start heading down towards the signs that point us to our line. The city metro might be an engineering marvel, but it’s still hard to find your way around after a couple drinks and a long day. At least with a friend you don’t get lost alone.

”You look kinda desperate” I tell Lucy as she hobbles along the small corridor. She’s got one hand between her legs and - alright, she isn’t hobbling, but she’s not walking normally. She looks shifty and a bit urgent. “Sure you aren’t going to put up with the toilets here?”

”Geoff, I’d sooner piss myself” Lucy tells me with a look that might be serious. I raise an eyebrow at her. “Those toilets are filthy - there’s piss everywhere, used papers strewn about, and one time - I saw a needle”

”Dude, gross!”

”Yeah, you’re telling me!” She says, sniffing. “Hell, it’s cleaner for me to just piss myself than even walk in there!”

So here’s where I admit something - and I’m a bit embarrassed to admit this. Here goes - Watching someone wet themselves turns me on. There. Weird, I know, but hear me out. There’s something I find so hot about seeing someone so desperate for the toilet, wriggling and squirming, before they can’t hold it anymore and they lose control, and they end up stood there peeing into their jeans. Or skirt, or dress, or whatever they’re wearing, really. I don’t know why it turns me on, but it does. Could be worse, right? I’ve had this thing ever since this girl wet herself in school one time, we were doing some science presentation on the bladder, and this girl wet herself while describing it. Kinda fitting, I guess - but that’s stuck with me

And now here’s Lucy, my lifelong friend, bobbing and squirming about in front of me, no idea that she’s driving me wild.

“Come on, I’m sure it’s not so bad” I say to her, trying to convince her to go. “Better to use a toilet than wet your jeans”

”A needle, Geoff. A used needle” Lucy says, bending a little as she does. “Never used a public loo after that day. I’d try and pee on the floor somewhere if there wasn’t CCTV bloody everywhere”

Lucy’s a cute girl, I don’t mind saying that. She’s a little plump but not fat, and average height. She has wavy brunette hair cut in a bob, she’s got the cutest freckles, and a skin tone that always looks slightly tanned, with beautiful green eyes. She’s funny, silly, and she’s got a smile that could melt ice. I won’t lie, I have a total crush on her. She’s not as sure of her looks as I am, but that just makes her cuter in my eyes. She’s wearing a plain white tee and a pair of pale blue denim capris pants, and a pair of brown strapped sandals.

We make it to the platform, which is all but empty. There’s a chap on the furthest end of the station, and us in the middle. Right above us is the timetable. Next train is in...

”Fifteen minutes!?” Lucy shouts, reading the computer screen. “But I gotta pee!”

”Hey, not so loud! Someone will hear you”

”That’s the least of my worries right now!” She says. “I’ve got a full bladder and nowhere to empty it!”

I smirk at her.

”Yeah, real funny!” She says, trying to hide her grin. “Hey, look in that bin and see if there’s a bottle in there, won’t you?”

”What? No!”

”Fine, I’ll look”

”No! I meant no - don’t piss in a bottle!”

”What? Why? It’s either a bottle or my jeans. And I like these jeans”

She does look great in those jeans.

”Because there are cameras!” I remind her. “You could get done for indecent exposure”

”...I hate that you’re right...if I wet myself will I be done for public urination?”

”I don’t actually know...maybe?”

”Great!”she says, holding herself with both hands and looking straight up. “I can’t win, no matter what I do.”

”Erm, what stop do we get off at again?” I ask her in an attempt to change the subject.

”Same one as always, Geoff. Gold-falls library, where I’ve always lived”

”You live in the library?”

She grins at my stupid joke.

“I’m not gonna make it that far” she says, very matter of factly. “I’m going to wet myself on the train”

”Want to wet yourself now and get it out the way?”

She looks at me like I’ve made a smart suggestion.

“You know what Geoff? I might do that...” she says, looking around with one eyebrow raised. “Do you think anyone would notice?”

”What, a big dark wet patch on those bright blue jeans? I think it might stand out a little” I tell her.

”Yeah but...it’s dark out there, and why would people be looking at my crotch?”

”Have you ever wet yourself before? It won’t just be a wet crotch, you’ll have wet legs down to your toes”

”...Think I could get away with it?” She asks, looking at her legs.

”No. No I do not” I say, looking intently at the wall to distract myself. “Don’t wet yourself, Lucy”

”But I want to pee!” She shouts, bobbing up and down on the spot. “Here, I’m gonna-“

”Lucy don’t do it”

”I’m just going to-“

”Don’t do it Lucy”

”Just a little-“

Hold it in, Lucy”

”...you’re no fun”

”Fine, piss yourself!” I say to her. “You’ll be the one with cold legs and a big wet patch!”

”Good point. I don’t want to be cold...” Lucy says, running her thumb up and down with her hand between her thighs. “I’m gonna let out a little bit!”

“What?”

”Haa! Hoo, hoo hoo hoo!” Lucy sighs, followed by quick gasps

”What’s with the monkey noises?”

”I let a bit out, but it was really hard to stop!” She says with a strained face. “But it felt really goo-ood!”

”You never?”

She pulls her hand from her crotch and points to it, proudly displaying a palm-sized, palm-shaped wet patch on her crotch, and a single yellow drip falls off her denim pants. I can feel myself begin to stiffen up, so I turn to face the bloke at the far end of the platform to distract me. That works well enough.

“Was that really worth it Lucy?”

”Yes!” She says, smirking. “Now I don’t need to go as badly! T-that’s a lie, it’s getting worse now!”

”I told you not to do it!”

”Yeah well....shut up! I need to wee!”

”That’s gonna start getting cold”

”...it already is” she admits. She looks side to side again. “Fuck it, I’m gonna squat down and wee in my jeans” she says to me, stepping to the back of the platform. She squats down, leaning her back against the wall. She’s about to let go when a white light begins swinging down the tunnel, followed by the rumble of the train

”Oh thank god!” She moans, getting up. “Might not have to wet myself tonight!”

”Just don’t pee on the train, ‘Kay?”

”Not really, but whatever” she says, smirking. “But if I can’t make it then I might wet my-“

”Lucy! Just hold it, you’ll be fine!”

We both walk onto the train and take a seat opposite each other. The carriage is empty but for us two and a discarded half-eaten burger and a milkshake.

”Oh crap, sitting down makes it worse” Lucy moans, sitting one leg on top of the other and rocking back and forth. I try not to stare at the wet spot between her thighs. “I. Want. To. Pee.”

”it’s just twelve stops, Lucy, just hold it”

”Can’t!” She moans. “Here, hand me that cup”

I look over to it - I can see through the lid that it’s completely full.

”That won’t work, it’s full” I tell her.

”Then p-pass the burger box!”

”Did you stutter?”

”What - I - No, shut up! Pass me it!”

”...say please”

”Fuck you!” She laughs. I kick it over to her. She bends over to pick it up

”Crap! I just leaked a little!”

”what?”

She opens her legs to reveal a new wet spot. “I gotta pee so bad!”

She stands up and undoes her zipper, and is about to pull her jeans down when the tannoy sounds.

”Please be reminded that CCTV is in operation on all trains, thank you”.

”looks like the driver can see you” I say, as Lucy does her zipper back up and tosses the burger box to the floor - closed so it doesn’t spill the burger. “Better hold it, Lucy!”

”Aaaahhhh!” She shouts. “I don’t want to hold it! I want to do a wee!”

”What are you, six? Just hold it!” I say to her, grinning. “Only eleven stops left!”

”fuuuuuuck!”

Most of the journey goes on like this. She sits cross legged, then with her hands between her legs, then hunched over forward, then goes back to cross legged. I’m sat cross legged most of the time for a very different reason. She wriggles, she squirms, she leans back and forth. Nothing really happens until the fourth to last stop

“Hey, give me your shoe” Lucy says, pointing with her free hand.

”What? No!”

”It’s a big enough shoe! I’m gonna pee in it!”

”Get out of here, Lucy!” I say, laughing. “You’re not gonna piss in my shoes!”

”Shoe! Just the one!” She insists.

”How do you expect me to walk without a shoe?”

”I don’t know, barefoot? Not my problem!”

”Piss in your own shoe!”

”Good idea, I’ll pee in a sandal...give me your shoe!”

”No, Lucy! I’m not going home with a pissy shoe!”

”Fine, I’ll take it, you can have my sandals instead”

”You’re like three sizes smaller than me! I’ll never fit in your tiny sandals”

”...damn” she says, sitting back for a second before bouncing back into a hunch. “I really need to -“

”Need to what?”

She doesn’t respond. She looks at me like she’s trying to lift something heavy, except she isn’t. After a few seconds she sighs at me.

”Lucy, what was that?”

”My bladder started squeezing!” She says as we pull into the third to last stop. “Really hard too, I nearly lost it!”

”That bad?”

”I’ve been on the verge of bursting since we got on the train! I’m surprised I’m still dry - mostly dry!”

”Not long now, wet jeans” I say with a cheeky smirk as the train moves out again.

“Oh ha ha” she says, smiling back. “I’m finding a place to pee the second we get off this bloody train!

”You’ll use a station toilet?”

”Hell no!” She responds like it’s an obvious answer. “I’ll pee in a drain or something!”

”That’s still indecent exposure, Luce!” I remind her.

“Fuck it then, I’ll pee through my jeans over a drain! I-I’ll squat down and let go and- oh fuck!”

”what?”

”I keep leaking!” She moans. “Fuck!”

”Now what?”

”I squirted! Pee I mean - I squirted a little bit of pee out!”

”You’re about to wet yourself” I tell her

”Am I really Geoff? Gee, I hadn’t fu-huuh-cking noticed! T-there, I spurted again!”

”Two stops, hold it!”

”fuck fuck fuck fuck...”

Lucy sits in her chair like this for the next two stops - hands between legs, legs clamped together, swearing. Somehow she doesn’t burst. Then we make it to our stop - Gold-falls Library. As the doors open Lucy catapults herself out the door and lands face first on the station she wastes no time clambering to her feet, shooting a shot of pee out the seat of her jeans as she does.

”Made it!” She shouts, bending over double. “Now I can...”

”Now you can what?”

”....fuck...”

”What here? In the open?”

”...fuck off......fuuuuck!”

”Whats wrong?” I ask, like I don’t know. And if I didn’t know, what happens now will show me.

Bent over double and facing away from me, I get to see the very moment Lucy loses all control of her bladder. A first few drips falls out from between her cheeks, followed by a gentle dribble. A dark patch spreads over the curve of her ass, soaking upwards and outwards, and a splattering sound begins as droplets of pee hit the floor. A short subtle hiss is followed by the stream growing for a moment before shrinking back to a dribble, and I can tell that Lucy’s bladder has just squeezed hard.

Then again, a louder hiss this time, and more pee is gushed out through her jeans, the dark patch runs half way down her thighs now, and it’s gaining on her knees. Another hiss, and it happens again - another surge of pee jets out of her and splatters in the concrete floor. It slows down again until it’s just a few drips. The wet patch runs down to her knees but no further, although a single yellow bead of liquid runs down her left ankle. There a splattered puddle between her feet, which are apart but pointed inward, while her knees are tightly together. I can’t see Lucy’s face, but I can hear her panting.

“Haaah.....haaaah.....haaah....”

“Lucy? You okay?”

”Geoff...if you tell anyone about thiiii-“

Shes cut off as another hiss shatters through the noise. She bends over more, and she pees hard. Pee doesn’t just dribble and stream out her capris, it arches out toward me as she jets out the contents of her full bladder, clattering on the concrete floor and splashing in all directions. Two smaller streams run off her ass-curve as her jeans can’t contain it all, splattering clumsily against her ankles and the floor as it flies out. The wet patches streak downwards, charging toward her knees then down her calves before streaks of piss run from under her capris and down onto her feet, lapping over the sandal straps and settling at her soles. The dim light of the station is caught in every droplet off piss running out of her, making it more than obvious that she’s wetting herself, and quite forcefully at that.

The streams are running down her skin like rapids, splashing to the ground making little bubbles and spreading around her. The main jet of pee arching out behind her twitches a couple times as she tenses up harder, casting itself as far as my shoes and splattering onto my own blue jeans. She moans loudly as she loses all control of her aching bladder. I can’t look away as the wet patch continues to grow over her legs, soaking into the denim, making a complete circle around her legs at her knees. Her ass pockets are soaked, as pee soaks it’s way up her ass and toward her waistband - there’s so much gushing out of her that it has nowhere to go but up! The fierce hissing begins to waiver and the arching jet begins to falter, and as quickly as it came it stops, leaving Lucy stunned, shivering, and dripping wet.

I stare at Lucy. Well, her ass. She stands, staring at the floor directly below her head, panting. She turns her head to look at me, before she starts talking, I can tell she lets her bladder go as a pathetic dribble of piss begins to fall between her legs.

”Geoff....if you tell anyone about this...haaah...I will kill you. Okay?”

”....yeah...”

”haaahhh...what do you mean, ‘yeah’?”

I hadn’t noticed, but Lucy clearly has. Watching that unfold has left me completely aroused.

”....no way...” she grins at me.

“W-what?”

”This...gets you off?”

”Sh-shut up!”

”Geoffrey, you perv!” She giggles, standing up and walking up close.

“D-don’t tell the others...”

”Well then, mister” she grins, resting her right hand on my chest, leaving a wet palm print. “You keep my secret, and I’ll keep yours...hmm?”

She stays like this for a second, her face inches from mine. Can smell her perfume up close, her breath, and the smell of fresh urine coming from her soaking wet jeans. She steps back, and I nod.

”D-deal” I stutter. She smirks at me. She laughs again.

“Mind if I stop at yours tonight Geoff?” She says, looking around and acting like nothings out the ordinary. “Only your place is much closer than mine, and it’s kinda late”.

”S-Sure” I tell her. She grins.

”Thanks” She says. “Wow, I needed that!”

