3 SHORT STORIES

Author: desperate87

*000*2023-02-17 17:00

I post 3 short stories that i wrote the other day

Michael was nursing the night shift in a very important department that he could not leave for any reason. For some time now, due to health problems, he had started drinking lots of water at any time of day to keep himself hydrated. Also that night he had drunk more than a liter of water and this was starting to have its diuretic effects on him. Michael went to the employee bathroom and found it locked, he looked for the keys, but couldn't find them. He rummaged everywhere, but suddenly remembered them taped to the locker in his dressing room.

"Oh no...i forgot them again underneath....now what?" he thought "I can't go downstairs because the exit is under video surveillance and the rules are clear.... oh well I'll keep it until tomorrow morning and let's hope no one goes to say anything" In the last few days his boss had been very clear and had put a video camera at the exit after some colleagues had left the department for more than an hour and a check had arrived, furthermore each employee had to have all the keys always at hand for safety reasons. Not wanting a reminder, Michael avoided going downstairs and waited for morning to come along with his colleagues who would open the door for him.

But the more minutes passed and the more her urge to piss became intense, his heart started pounding and his hand was pounding on the table. He started sweating and getting seriously worried, he was running away from him so much and his urge seemed to grow more every second. He began to wonder what he could do: he couldn't use the toilets of the guests who would have immediately told him and he couldn't call anyone because in addition to the call he would also have to suffer the shame of disturbing someone and admitting he was really on the edge. He kept holding but it was getting harder and harder and suddenly a gentleman rang who asked for a glass of water and then went to the bathroom to pee.

The sound of the water, the flushing of the toilet, the faucet were really hellish sounds for poor Michael who did everything possible to keep calm, but once out of that room and knowing he was alone his hands immediately ended up in the middle of the her legs. Michael was bouncing around feeling his bladder completely full and about to burst. After an hour and a half from the discovery of the closed bathroom he realized that he had really drunk too much to be able to get dry in the morning and he felt all his pee on the tip of his dick that was beating hard to get out. " Oh no...I can't take it anymore....it's just like that time I pissed myself in the car........what can I do? and if my colleagues see me with wet pants tomorrow morning what will they say about me? ahhhh...........I can't take it anymore.."

Michael was really desperate and knew it was a matter of minutes, if not seconds, before if he did it in his underpants and meanwhile despite all his efforts he felt his body give more and more. If someone had entered at that moment he would have seen him with a face all red, while he quickly swung his leg, clutching the tip of his dick as tightly as he could. He was losing all restraint and muttering something incomprehensible as he felt the pressure grow stronger making it harder and harder to hold back the river inside him. And suddenly he realized that it was about to happen and that he couldn't do anything to stop it because his need to urinate was stronger than all the resistance his body could put up to stop it.

"Oh no...it's not gonna make it until tomorrow morning.....what can I do...........can't pee myself....unless.. ..it would be embarrassing....but ....oh no...it's going to happen.....not again.." he thought to himself as he hopped to his feet now looking for the position that least bothered him. And suddenly he realized there was only one thing he could do to avoid ruining his uniform. Without thinking he went to the cart and took the strongest diaper there was and put it under his blue boxers. It was as if his body knew right away that it could break free and even though Michael didn't want his stimulation it became ten times stronger beating his will.

Michael began to piss very hard without being able to stop, he relaxed completely and felt his penis become warmer. A feeling of well-being ran through him from head to toe and he closed his eyes letting himself be pervaded by the sensation that his bladder was giving him. After a minute his diaper felt light now heavy and a warm sensation between his legs, but his uniform was completely dry. He slipped off his diaper and saw that it was borderline, threw it in the bin and gave it a quick wash with some soap. The only thing he hoped was that no one ever knew what happened.

Karl, a young guy of 24 years,was at the amusement park alone in a city he didn't know. To amuse himself he drank a beer and now he was looking for a toilet to release his urge to piss which was getting stronger and stronger. Even though he knew he could still hold on, he felt it was going to be a long piss. Suddenly a gentleman stopped him "Guy, count yourself lucky, today you can try virtual reality for free thanks to these glasses. Do you want to try???" Karl really had to piss now, but he knew he could handle it and he didn't want to miss the opportunity also because a free trial would rarely happen again. He put on his glasses and found himself standing on a carousel that occasionally moved, everyone could see it in his pale jeans. Arranged, the gentleman said:

"Gentlemen, look now I will put a horror film and you will live an unrepeatable, creepy experience". at these words Karl wasn't happy at all .... I hated horror movies, but he couldn't leave the carousel now. To make matters worse Suddenly hundreds of spiders appeared in his glasses and Karl was arachnophobic. A strong fear seized him and a great anxiety made him feel the urge to pee more strongly and he was so frightened that he felt his physical and psychological resistance fail all at once. Suddenly a giant spider was seen coming towards him and his legs started shaking. Karl was so frightened that he couldn't even scream, he almost gasped for breath and could no longer move.

The spider approached and with it the fear of him grew which became so strong as to block every part of his body including his ability to hold the pee. He felt the pee closer and closer to the exit, but he was so scared that he could no longer stop it. In all his life he had never been so scared and became incontinent. From his fear, Karl began to piss in his pants without ceasing and felt the heat descend between both his legs until his shoes were wet. The spider was virtual, but the piss was real and the audience present saw a big stain form on Karl's jeans and the pee came out of the guy's pants. The carousel thought he was really lucky to have chosen Karl and the audience looked at the scene in amazement. Karl took off his glasses and ran for the car knowing that he would never go back to that city.

Jean had done it big. He was on a cruise and that evening he had entered his boss's room to be his wife's lover. The problem was that he had stayed too long and as soon as he heard the bedroom door open he was able to run into the bedroom with a single bed placed in that same room. Jean was calm because his boss could hardly have entered that room and he was lying on the bed under the sheets waiting for the morning to come and Alain (his boss) had gone out with his wife. His wife had already left the room for a while, but Alain didn't seem to want to go out.

Jean was relaxing in bed, but after 6 hours all the drinks he'd had the night before were making themselves felt in his body. Dressed in white briefs and gray pajamas Jean was really on edge and was hoping that Alain would leave the room as soon as possible. The lover couldn't make too much noise, but she could hear all the sounds from the next room which was actually the bathroom. She perfectly heard the sound of Alain's long piss in the toilet and also his long shower. Jean was in pain, in his entire life he'd never run so much to pee and he'd never held on this long.

"ohhh ..... I feel like pissing .... how long does it take to get out I'm here ..." he thought. He squeezed his legs knowing he couldn't move too much, but his breathing was getting harder and harder. He felt his bladder about to burst and strong throbbing from him began to hit him making his face red and increasing the force he was holding on to his pee. " oh no..no....not again....reggi....reggi...re......ahhh...it's done....when if it goes away....Oh no.........again.....I did it again..but" he thought as the pangs became closer and closer and more powerful. Jean felt that Alain had packed his suitcase and was about to go out the door and a great happiness seized him knowing that he would immediately run to the bathroom and take one of the longest piss of his life, but immediately afterwards he felt something starting from his stomach and immediately a very strong pang caught him off guard.

The door closed, but his eyes widened wide as he felt his bladder explode for the first time sending all its force to the tip of his dick. Jean gritted his teeth as hard as he could and tried to hold on with all his strength turning completely red, but all his energy didn't stop a drop of pee from passing through his white briefs. Jean heard her and closing her eyes he let himself go completely peeing himself for the first time in his life in the bed of that cruise. As he pissed without realizing a huge pleasure she took it and finished pissing he looked at the great damage he had done to that bed. With some shame he took off his clothes and left them on top of the sheets. He stole a bathrobe and went back to his room. The only thing he hoped was that none of the employees of that ship had said anything, but in any case Jean had just discovered a new way to get pleasure.

