(long) Newest Member of the Family

Author: Daredare205

*000*2023-04-23 03:15

This story follows Maggie, a 19 year old girl from the forgotten continent where the beast people live. Generations ago, her family were beastmen with features resembling German Shepherds. Now, they're humans with a few small extra features and abilities. She'd recently decided to move to the western world, where things were more human. With the large disconnect between the two sides of the world, neither one had accurate information on the other. Both sides were in for a blessing in disguise!

What Maggie didn't know was that, when coming to the Western world, you need ID and relatives to prove that you are who you say you are. Unfortunately, since she'd hidden in some crates on a trade ship, she not only didn't have any ID (that wasn't a thing where she comes from), but she had no idea about how immigration works. When she arrived with no ID and no relatives in the western world, she was given to a local homeless shelter for temporary refuge until they figure out who she is.

This first part is mostly used for world building and the omo will not be until the second part.

Story begins here

A large, stained wood table was being set for many people to have breakfast together. Wearing light blue outfits, staff members brought out the last of the silverware before the dietary staff opened the doors to the well decorated dining room. People of all ages spilled in, splitting into groups of friends and taking their seats. At one end of the table, an interesting conversation could be heard.

Kelly, a 22 year old homeless girl who'd taken refuge in the local homeless housing program got comfy in her chair. Her brown hair suited her curvy figure well now that it was all cleaned up and properly straightened. Filled with excitement, her large brown eyes shifted to her friend Alissa. "I can't wait to meet the new girl! Nobody's actually seen her yet, but she's already the talk of the city!"

Next to Kelly, a skinny 21 year old girl draped her black hair over the back of the chair before settling her hazel eyes on her friend. "I know! I hear she's from the forgotten continent! I've always wondered what it's like over there. Bet it's exciting! Like the forgotten lands in fairy tales!"

"Wouldn't that be something!" Said Kelly, eyes full of excitement and curiosity!

"I've only heard tales of the people over there, but I hear they come from a very different way of life. Every now and then, little clips of videos pop up online before they get taken down again. I hear the people over there are much stronger than most of us over here!" Answered Alissa, her eyes brimming with excitement and wonder!

"I've seen a couple videos and heard some rumors. I can't say for sure, but I hear there's no technology or money over there. Just a bunch of people and their settlements in the forests. There's a couple blurry pictures of these huge networks of walkways up in the trees going for miles in every direction! What I wouldn't give to visit a place like that!" Replied Kelly, her excitement getting the better of her and raising her voice a bit.

"No money? Then they don't get paid? How do they earn a living?" Asked Alissa, her tone shifting to be a bite more curious than excited.

"I don't know. It could be that they just don't see the need for it, since they don't have the need to buy or sell anything. Legend has it that the entire continent is actually one big community, thousands of miles wide! Maybe they treat each other like family, just helping out instead of asking for money." Said Kelly, quieting her voice after getting a couple looks from nearby people trying to have their own conversations.

"Wouldn't that be amazing?! One big happy family, the size of-" Alissa stopped talking as silence fell over the dining room.

At the doors to the hallway stood a tall 19 year old girl wearing a light blue hoodie with the hood pulled up and the strings pulled tight around the edges of her face. Her dark blue frilly scarf was wrapped loosely around her neck, the ends hanging down from her left shoulder and dangling at her waist. Her black sweatpants were rather baggy, giving nobody any idea of what her actual figure was. Her look was completed by a set of pink, fluffy slippers.

The girl just stood there as her nose slightly twitched and her vibrant orange eyes scanned the room. It was obvious that she was incredibly nervous.

"It's okay, Maggie. This is the dining room. Breakfast will be out soon. Why don't you have a seat?" Said one of the staff members, showing a lot of patience and care with the new girl.

After looking around for a moment, Maggie started walking towards a set of 3 open seats before hopping over the back of the middle chair and landing perfectly centered in her seat. Why is everyone staring at me like this? She lowered her head and tightened her hood a little more.

A tall, muscular man across the table noticed the new girl's behavior and looked away to give her some space. He attempted to resume his conversation with his friends sat beside him, but didn't have any luck. Everyone was fixated on the new girl and and an eerie silence filled the room.

"Are you okay?" Asked Alissa, a tone of genuine concern in her voice.

Maggie lifted her head slightly and looked over to see who was talking to her. She simply put her head back down after looking over to find Alissa looking right at her.

This isn't what I expected. Thought Kelly.

Alissa extended a friendly hand towards the new girl and spoke up. "My name's Alissa. What's your name?"

While Maggie was feeling rather overwhelmed, she couldn't help but notice the scents of kindness and compassion coming from the girls beside her. She lifted her head and spoke quietly. "M.... Maggie."

"It's nice to meet you Maggie! Did you sleep well?" Asked Alissa, ecstatic to get an immediate response from this very reserved girl!

Maggie spoke softly, still not ready to have a full conversation just yet. "I didn't sleep at all. There is just too much going on all at once and I just feel trapped."

Alissa took a moment before coming up with an answer. "What's bothering you? It's okay. I'll be your friend, you can talk to me about anything."

Maggie also paused for a moment before finally deciding she should talk about it. Sitting here with her head down wasn't getting her anywhere anyway. "It... It is all just too much. There are machines all over the place, whatever this electricity stuff is, the humming is driving me crazy... And then everyone wears this scented stuff which makes it hard to get a feel for their smell, and everyone keeps staring at me."

Naturally, the silence in the room meant that everyone heard at least some of what Maggie just said.

Across the table, the large man stood up with a rather serious look on his face. He only had one thing to say. "Everyone stop staring. You're overwhelming the poor girl. Just give her some space, jeez."

People looked at each other before a few of them apologized and went back to doing their own things. A few apologies came Maggie's way as well, which were taken with gratitude. Funny how one man who she never met could improve her mood so drastically just by standing up for her.

For the first time since entering the dining room, Maggie lifted her head. She gave a ginormous smile, giving her new friends their first look at her puppydog face! "T-thank you for doing that for me."

"It's no problem at all. People should be more considerate." Said the man as he sat back down.

Just then, a set of large doors opened at the rear of the dining room and the staff started handing out everyone's breakfast. Everyone got exactly what they wanted, except for Maggie. Her late arrival the previous night and refusal to talk to anyone meant that nobody was able to ask her what she wanted to eat. When Alissa and Kelly both got exactly what they wanted, Maggie was served pancakes, coffee, and some mixed fruit.

Maggie took a sec to absorb the smells of everyone's food. It was all so different from what she was used to. She saw everyone lifting the lids off their food and she did the same. On her plate, she saw what looked like circular bread and some little plastic cups off to the side. Syrup, I wonder what that means... Thought Maggie, extending a nail and poking a hole in the small plastic cup. Thick liquid came out. She pulled it closer to her face, getting a good sniff of it. Smelled like chemicals and sugar. She decided to put it back down. Next, she picked up one of the pancakes on her plate. A thin, round, floppy piece of cake.

"Why would they give me cake and, whatever this is?" She quietly said to herself... Seeing everyone else drinking their coffee, she pulled the lid off of her mug and was hit with a rather strong smell that made her face shrink. She quickly put the lid back on and set the mug back down. She began to eat the fruit, one piece at a time, as she tried to guess what each piece was. She'd never tasted any of it before, and it seemed like the liquid in the bottom of the bowl had a bunch of chemicals or something in it, so she would hold each piece in the air and let the liquid drip off of it before eating it.

"Do you not like your breakfast?" Asked one of the staff members.

"Breakfast?" Asked a confused Maggie.

"Your food." Said the staff member.

"I do not know what it is. Is this just bread and sugar? And what is this black water? It smells awful." Said a rather disappointed Maggie. She couldn't help but repeatedly notice that everyone else seemed to be enjoying their food.

"Those are pancakes. They're sweet, why don't you put the syrup on it and try it?" It was at this point that the staff member couldn't help but notice just how strange this new girl was...

Maggie wasn't sure whether she was having a conversation about the food or just complaining, but either way, there was no way she could eat whatever was put in front of her. "Because it smells like chemicals. And it is liquid... Would it not just make the pancakes soggy?"

"That's the point. You let it soak in for a sec, then you cut off a piece of the pancakes and eat them one piece at a time."

"No thank you. I could never bring myself to eat just cake and sugar and chemicals. And what is this black water?"

"You mean the coffee? It's made from coffee beans. If it's too bitter, why don't you try adding some cream and sugar?"

"I have not even tried it, it just smells awful. Do you have any rasheon juice?"

"Uh no... We have orange juice, apple juice, cranberry juice, grape juice, and pineapple juice."

Maggie simply pushed her food away and tilted her head back down... Tears formed in the corners of her eyes as she quietly answered "I do not know what any of those are. What should I say?"

"They're juice, made from fruit. Would you like to try some?"

Maggie began to sob as she realized that she couldn't answer any of this kind lady's questions properly. She barely spoke as her tears began to roll down her face and land on her scarf. "I get that, but I have never heard of those fruits before..."

One more time, the man across the table spoke up to try and lift the poor girl's mood. He smiled as he spoke in a warm and friendly tone. "Why don't you try some orange juice? Everyone seems to like it."

"S-sure... And do you have anything that's not just bread and sugar?" Asked Maggie, trying her best to slow the flow of tears...

"We have eggs, vegetable omelets, bacon, sausage, and breakfast potatoes with onions and red peppers. Would you like to try any of those?"

"Can I please just try some orange juice for now?" Asked Maggy, just trying to finish the conversation so the kind lady would leave her alone.

"Sure. Are you sure that's all you want? Don't you want any meat or potatoes?"

Finally, something Maggie understood. She wiped her tears away and looked at the kind lady beside her. "What kind of meats do you have?"

"We have bacon and sausage."

Confused, Maggie had a very strange question for the lady. "What kind of animal do those come from?"

"Pigs."

"Do you not have any skebbal?"

"No, we don't."

Maggie was trying to find any answer at all, which is when her brand new friend chimed in. Alissa held up a piece of bacon off of her plate. "Maggie. This is bacon. Why don't you try it? It's delicious."

"S-sure." Said Maggie, finally clearing the tears from her eyes.

"Orange juice and bacon it is. Do you want me to take your plate?" Said the kind lady.

"Can I just keep the fruit?"

"Of course! I'll be back in just a minute." Said the kind lady as she picked everything up except for Maggie's fruit, napkin, and fork.

Alissa gave Maggie a concerned look and reached out to hold her hand. Naturally, Maggie took her hand and tried her best to force a smile.

Alissa smiled back and tried to comfort Maggie. "Seems like things over here are pretty different than what you're used to, aren't they?"

Maggie tried her best to keep this more pleasant conversation going. Maybe this was the break she needed to calm down a bit. "Yes, it is very different. I am used to just stepping out of my bed and grabbing a bunch of whatever was on my favorite tree. I like rasheon trees. They make a black fruit the size of my head that is covered in thick needles. If you break the needles open, a sour juice drains out. It's the best!"

A sense of amazement and wonder came over Alissa as her eyes lit up! "You guys have trees that grow inside?"

"No, we do not build structures to contain us. This whole inside thing is all new to me. What I mean is I sleep next to my favorite tree. Everyone has their favorite, and we make our beds out of the strands that grow along the sides of the trees. A lot of people like loracia fruits, and some of those trees have 20 or 30 beds made into them because everyone wants to wake up and immediately have some loricia fruit. I personally do not really like it, it is too sweet."

"So what do you do when it storms?"

"We stretch out big sheets across the top of the trees and gather rain water for everyone to drink, and then we store the rest."

"That's different. Over here, we have facilities that draw in water from rivers and lakes, and then they filter it and that gets delivered to our homes."

"I have heard of this. It is definitely something the village elder had considered, but the treatment plant would take up so much space, and we would have to make power for it, and then nobody would want to live near it."

"Why would you not want to live near it?"

"Because this electricity stuff buzzes constantly and it is not consistent. I could get used to it if it was just one sound. But things like phone chargers have a high pitched ring to them, and the lights buzz, and equipment hums, it is all just a bit much."

"I've never met anyone who can hear electricity! Do you have some kind of super ears or something?"

"I can tell you later, when we are alone. I would rather not lower my hood while everyone is watching."

Alissa agreed to this while she continued to imagine what it was that Maggie was hiding under her hood.

A set of footsteps came from behind Maggie and she was brought a new plate. "Your orange juice and bacon. Let me know if you like it." Said the kind lady who had taken her plate a few moments prior.

"Thank you." Said Maggie, as she took the lid off of her bacon. It was still sizzling!

"Lucky you! They made that fresh just for you!" Exclaimed Alissa!

"I do apologize for the wait, I wanted to make sure you got something you would be okay with." Said the kind lady.

Maggie picked up a piece of bacon with her bare hands, surprising everyone when it didn't burn her. She gave it a quick sniff and bit off a small piece. It was delicious! "It is really good! What kind of animal did you say this comes from?"

"It comes from pigs."

"Those pink fat little guys with the big noses?"

"Yep! And what do you think of the orange juice?"

Maggie again took a sniff of the orange colored liquid in her glass and tried a sip of it. Alissa could've sworn she saw Maggie's hood move when she tasted the orange juice! Was she hiding some kind of gigantic elephant ears under there?

Finally, Maggie had some pep back in her voice! "This is pretty good. Thank you for helping me out with this, I really appreciate it"

The kind lady simply smiled. "It's nothing, really. I'm just glad you like it. Please enjoy!" And with that, she disappeared into the kitchen.

Naturally, Maggie made very quick work of her bacon and orange juice. She hadn't eaten in 14 hours, and it was just so delicious!

Alissa couldn't help but notice another thing about the beautiful girl sitting next to her, and she just had to ask. "Does everyone where you come from have such large teeth?"

Maggie gave Alissa a confused look. "I do not have big teeth. Neighbor Bella, she has big teeth. She can rip spolers right apart without any knives or spears or anything. She just pulls it off of the roasting rods above the fire and rips right into it."

Alissa's eyes once again lit up with amazement and curiosity! "What's a spoler? Is it an animal?"

"A spoler is a medium sized animal with short legs and large, sharp hooves. Their thick hair makes it hard to find where the shoulders are, so it can be hard to get a good solid hit by throwing a spear from a distance. Most of us prefer to try to knock them over with the back of our spears. All you have to do is stay out of the way of its attacks and it is pretty easy to take one down.

"Do they have big teeth and claws?"

"A spoler has large fangs growing both up and down that stick out of its mouth, and it has a sharp horn on the front of its face and two more where the ears would normally be. Its ears are pushed down almost to its neck. It has a long, muscular tail with a weighted tip that it swings around. Spolers are very strong, but also very slow. If you can manage to knock one over, it is pretty easy to get a good hit behind its shoulders. Everyone agrees that they are best when roasted slowly over a smoldering fire. The meat is flavorful and juicy, it almost just melts in your mouth!"

"Is it like a hog, or a wild pig?"

"I mean, I have only seen a few pigs and I am not sure if they were adults or not. They came up about 2/3 of the way up my legs. A full grown spoler is about 1 foot taller than mem so they are definitely larger than any pigs that I have seen."

Alissa continued to grow more and more curious! She was putting a fantasy world together in her head as she pictured everything Maggie told her... But she was left with a seemingly impossible question... "If a spoler is bigger than you are, then how can your neighbor just pick it up by herself?"

"Neighbor Bella is a red bear. She is about 4 feet taller than me, and her strength is really something else. Only the village elder, one of very few great black elks, can compare to her strength."

"Are all of your neighbors animals?" Asked Alissa.

Maggie stopped herself from saying something out loud and motioned for Alissa to lean over so Maggie could whisper. "I will tell you later."

And with that, the 9:00 bell rang and everyone got up and went their separate ways. Only 3 people stayed behind. Alissa and Kelly remained seated as Maggie finished off the last few crumbs of her bacon, then they asked if Maggie would like to join them in their room. They'd have privacy there to talk about whatever Maggie would like, and they'd love to hear all of her stories!

Of course, Maggie agreed to this. Not letting Alissa do everything, Kelly told Maggie how it was good manners to stack your dishes and push your chair in before leaving.

Maggie did as she was told and followed the girls to their room.

"Are you sure nobody will come in?" Asked Maggie, her hand nervously stroking the back of her head through her hood.

"Yes. I locked the door, so nobody can come in until I unlock it." Said Kelly, showing Maggie the lock on the door.

"Okay then.... Here goes...." Maggie took a deep breath and lowered her hood. Her orangish-brown hair unfolded as is fell down her back, but that wasn't what Alissa and Kelly were looking at, and neither were Maggie's entrancing orange eyes, which were no longer in shadow. What Alissa and Kelly were amazed with were Maggie's large, upright, golden ears with black outlines!

"Maggie, that's amazing! What kind of animal do your ears come from?" Shouted Alissa, her voice raised high enough to pierce through the door. Luckily, nobody was eves dropping at the moment.

Maggie was pleasantly surprised by her friend's responses to seeing her ears! She was sure they'd be scared of her. But even with their friendly responses, it just didn't feel right. She simply pulled her hood back up and once again hid her ears. "I... I am sorry, I am just not comfortable doing this..."

"It's okay. You don't have to if you don't want to."

"Thank you. I do not know why, but a person at the docks told me to always keep my features secret, so it just does not feel right to show them off like that."

"I understand, but they are really beautiful! You should at least leave them out when you're alone, for the sake of your self esteem." Said Kelly, trying to keep Maggie's mood up.

"I know what'll cheer you right up! Here, try one of these!" Alissa tossed Maggie a bottle of lemon-lime pop and showed her how to open it. Maggie loved it upon first sip and quickly downed the whole thing!

"I've never seen anyone down one of those that quickly... Usually we sip on them for a few minutes... I hope your stomach doesn't hurt." Said Kelly, giving Maggie a somewhat concerned look.

"I am fine. Why would my stomach hurt?" Asked Maggie.

"Because it's all fizzy. You're supposed to drink it slowly so it doesn't bother your stomach."

"Oh... Well what is done is done. And I feel fine."

Alissa gave Maggie another one of her curious looks... "Hey Maggie, can you tell us more about where you live? I've heard a couple things here and there, but nowhere near enough to get a good picture of what the place is like."

Maggie gave a genuine smile, extending all the way from one cheek to another. Alissa's initial assumption was right, her mouth a bit on the larger side...

"We live in a great forest that extends in all directions and covers all the land. Some say that it is actually just one great big tree that rooted out and sprouted several trunks, before doing that again and again. We cut the limbs off the bottom halves of the trees and use them to build bridges that extend through the canopy in all directions. If I had to describe it, I would say it is like your roads, except up in the trees. 

During the day, we go down to the forest floor and hunt. Usually there are at least 30 people to a hunting party, and the rest of us will get a large fire started for when they come back. Sometimes the day's meal is ready before mid-day and we can just relax for the rest of the day. Other than that, we just socialize, make clothing and tools out of the wood, and we always keep expanding the network of bridges in the trees. Every now and then, we stumble across another nearby community and we build bridges to connect them. Once we find other communities and link up with them, we join together into one large family per say. The whole place is like one big family up in the trees. But that does not mean it is easy. Hunting is hard work, and we are constantly working on the bridges. Not to mention that we have to keep trimming the lower branches off the trees to have wood for the bridges and tools that we use."

"It sounds like an amazing place to live! Nothing but forest for miles, and friends as far as the eye can see!" Said Alissa, imagining a great labyrinth of bridges throughout the canopy of a rain forest filled with people running from one tree to another!

"Maggie, I don't mean to interrupt, but it's 10:00. I usually go to the gym about now, would you like to come?" Said Kelly, extending an invitation to her new friend.

"What is the gym?" Asked Maggie.

"It's a large room where we exercise. It's fun, I think you'd like it!"

"I guess it cannot hurt to try it..." Said Maggie, her appearance showing that she was actually rather nervous.

"We usually go together and we have a lot of fun! Really, it's nothing to be scared of!" Said Alissa, comforting Maggie both with her words and her genuine smile.

"Yeah, I'll come with you. But before we go, do you have any hats? If we're going to be exercising, I'd rather not be sweating in this hoodie."

Alissa and Kelly's eyes lit up as they put 2 and 2 together! For the first time since coming here, she felt comfortable enough to ask for a favor! Alissa ran over to the dresser and pulled out several baseball style hats before motioning for Maggie to come over to the dresser with her.

"Here. Stand in front of the mirror and see how they look on you." Said Alissa, handing the bundle of hats over to Maggie who unzipped and removed her hoodie, revealing a white sleeveless shirt covered in pink flowers! For the first time since she'd arrived, she was showing her figure! Without the baggy hoodie, her D cup breasts were on display behind her shirt and bra!

After trying on several hats, Maggie decided on a white hat with a red panther on the front. Kelly showed her how to adjust it to be the right size, and the trio headed out of the room and down the hallway. As Maggie walked, something could be seen pressing against the rear of her shirt, and of course, Alissa had to ask the obvious question.

"Maggie, are you injured? You shouldn't be going to the gym if you need to wear a back brace."

"What? No. That is my holster."

"Like for a pistol?!" Asked Kelly, some surprise in her voice.

"Like for my... my tail..." Said a nervous Maggie, again stroking the back of her head as per her usual nervous habit.

"Oh... Don't worry, we won't tell. Your secret's safe with us, we promise, right Kelly?"

"Of course! I won't tell a soul."

"Thank you." Said Maggy, her eyes wandering as she scanned the hallway they were walking down. All these doors lead to people's rooms... There must be a lot of people trapped here.

"This is it. We're here!" Said Alissa, pointing through the large glass windows at the people inside using the exercise equipment.

"This is how you get your exercise? Do you not go outside and just run around or whatever?" Asked a curious Maggie.

"Sometimes we do, but we need permission to leave and this is much easier." Said Kelly, leading the way to the doors into the gym and introducing Maggie to the girl behind the front counter.

"Well hello! I don't believe I've seen you here before. Is this your first time?" Asked a 22 year old girl, standing behind a screen and keyboard.

"I just got here last night. So yes, it is my first time." Said Maggie, again showing a nervous habit of hers...

"All I need is your name and you'll be good to go."

"My name is Maggie."

"And what is your last name?"

"Herder."

"Okay, Maggie Herder, you're all good to go! Enjoy yourself while you're here!"

"That was a lot easier than I thought it would be..." Sighed Maggie, smiling at her friends as she followed them over to the treadmills.

"Maggie, these are treadmills. When you turn them on, the belt starts moving. They're for jogging and running. Here, let me show you." Said Alissa, turning her treadmill on and beginning to jog.

Maggie did exactly what she saw Alissa do, and her treadmill started right up! She too began jogging, then running, then continued turning the machine up... After a few presses of the button, she realized that it only went up to 10mph.

Running in strides as long as the machine, it was obvious that Maggie was significantly more flexible than the average girl her size. It was as if her legs contoured themselves to the treadmill, and she easily matched the machine's maximum speed without bouncing at all. Of course, several people had began watching her as she outpaced the machine and made a rather unexpected remark... "Well, this sure is dull... Doesn't this thing go any faster?"

"To be honest, I'm just impressed you can keep up with it at that speed." Said Kelly, glancing back down at her treadmill which was set to 7mph.

"Yeah, very few people can max these out without falling off!" Exclaimed Alissa.

"You don't have to baby me. Sure these things go faster than this." Said Maggie, giving her friends a rather disappointed look.

What she got back was a rather serious look from Alissa as she told Maggie that that was the machine's maximum speed, and her own speed of 6.5mph was as fast as she was comfortable with for the entire 30 minute session.

"What about those over there? They look like these, but bigger." Said Maggie, pointing to another row of larger looking treadmills.

"Oh, those are for marathon runners. You can try one if you like, but they're a bit much for most people. The minimum time is 30 minutes and they tilt to include hills and change their speed every few minutes. I think they go up to 15mph." Said Kelly, making sure she warned her friend of what she would be getting herself into.

"I think I'll try one of those. Can you show me how it works?" Said Maggie, looking to her friends for help.

"I would ask the girl at the front desk. I've never used one of those, and they're a bit different than these." Said Alissa, pointing back the direction they came in from.

"Okay." Said Maggie, heading over to the front desk and asking the kind young lady for instructions on how to use the marathon runners.

Of course, she was warned of the high speeds that those machines were capable of.

"Yes, Kelly already told me. I would like to try them since the treadmills are a bit on the slow side." Said Maggie, returning the kindness that the girl showed her when she first came into the gym.

And with that, the nice girl showed Maggie how to operate the marathon runners and she got started. After a few minutes of turning things up, Maggie discovered that she had again maxed out the machine at 15mph on its highest incline. She maintained a perfect stride and did not bounce or even break a sweat! It was as if she was just walking!

Pretty much everyone in the gym was watching her as she finished the 30 minute run and stepped off the machine as it finished winding down to a stop. She'd never broken a sweat the entire time, and she wasn't even breathing heavy!

"How did you do that?!" Exclaimed her new friends, amazed at what they'd just witnessed!

"I just jogged. It only goes up to 15mph so it was pretty easy." Said Maggie, taking a sip of a bottle of water that Alissa had grabbed for her.

"You call that jogging? Then what's running?" Asked a muscular man as he set his 300lb weighted bar down and sat up to face Maggie next to the marathon runners.

"Running is chasing Timloks. They can get up to 40mph if you give them space to get up to speed." Said Maggie, arriving at the realization that nobody else here could believe what she was capable of, and she got mixed reactions... Some people were amazed, others were confused or just didn't believe her.

Maggie just stood there with a confused look on her face. "Alissa, do they not believe me?"

"To be honest, I'm having trouble believing it myself. Why don't you just spring from one end of the gym to another? There's this huge open isle between the treadmills and the ellipticals." Said Alissa, pointing to a long open stretch that lead to the opposing wall.

"Do I have to run standing up?" Asked Maggie, to the confusion of everyone around her.

"Well, I mean, you can run however you like, but how would you run if you're not standing up?"

"On all fours... Like... Usual..." That sentence took a moment for Maggie to get out, as she couldn't help but notice the way everyone was looking at her...

Maggie looked to her friends for help. "Why are they looking at me like that?"

Even Alissa needed a moment to come up with a proper response, but of course she had one after a few seconds... "Maybe because nobody runs on all fours?"

Maggie just froze for a sec, completely dumbfounded. Is that why these people are so slow? Have they only ever ran while standing up? "Why would you never try running on all fours? It is SOOOO MUUUCH faster than running on only your feet."

"And how do you expect us to do that?" Said a random girl off to the side.

"Like this." Said Maggie, bending forward and placing her hands on the floor in front of her. She adjusted her posture and took the position of a predator on the hunt. She took one deep breath before she kicked off.

Alissa and Kelly both knew they were about to see something amazing! Even on the marathon runners, Maggie never breathed hard! She must be preparing for something truly amazing!

With a single, powerful kick, Maggie took off across the gym floor! She would let her hands touch the ground in front of her and bring them back under her stomach while her brought her legs forward and kicked off again, reaching a speed high enough to blur past those beside her! It only took her a couple seconds to reach the far side of the gym where she pushed off with her arms and stood up before sticking her arms out in front of her and using the wall to stop her momentum! There was no telling what speed she actually achieved, but it was more than enough to shut everyone up! That, and, one other thing...

Maggie turned around, breathing only slightly heavy before noticing something on the floor... She reached above her head and her hands made contact with her ears! She simply hung her head and turned against the wall, hiding herself from everyone around her.

Of course, her friends came over and returned the hat. They comforted her and said that everything was going to be okay. Alissa pulled a headband out of her back with fox ears on it before dawning the headband and playing the whole thing off as an anime club. Somehow, this actually worked!

When Maggie finally turned around, she found the bodybuilder standing just a few feet away from her. He only had one thing to say to her. "Next time, leave the headband in your room. We don't usually wear those in public." He unzipped his bag and pulled out a headband similar to Alissa's, only his had panda ears on it.

Alissa's mind was simultaneously relieved and blown away as her thoughts raced... HOW ON EARTH IS THAT A THING?! I THOUGHT I WAS GONNA BE THE LAUGHINGSTOCK OF THE WEEK WHEN I PULLED OUT THAT HEADBAND!!

The bodybuilder spoke up once again. "By the way, registering online is fine, but if you'd like to meet the group in public, we meet every Thursday afternoon in the activities room. I'd be delighted to see you there!"

"I will think about it." Said Maggie, slipping off to the side as her friends lead her out of the gym and back to their room.

"Sorry about the whole gym thing. I had no idea anything like that would happen." Said her friends, their faces showing that they were being as sincere as could be.

"It is okay. I did at least have some fun weight lifting." Said Maggie, her large smile once again showing itself to her friends.

"What about that was fun? You could've gotten really hurt." Asked Kelly.

"The rush you get when something like that happens... Is that not fun?" Asked Maggie, hoping her question wasn't too obscure...

"I guess... I don't know, I've never had one of those dropped on me so I really can't say." Answered Kelly.

"Either way, it's almost time for lunch. Would you like to go back to the dining room or have the food brought in here?" Asked Alissa.

"I think I would like to eat in here where it is more private. I have had my tail up my shirt for so long that it is getting itchy."

"That's fine, why don't we put our orders in now? I can help explain the menu to you." Said Alissa, extending a friendly hand as she pulled out a menu from dietary services.

And with that, Maggie slightly lifted her shirt and let her tail wag the way it wanted to for the last few minutes!

End of part 1. I have an accident planned for part 2, but how it happens will be entirely up to the readers! Let me know what you think and what you'd like to see next!

*001*2023-04-23 13:40

Watching their new best friend dig into her beef pot roast, mashed potatoes with gravy, and carrots, followed by bread pudding, Alissa and Kelly simply couldn't get over how absolutely adorable Maggie was when she was enjoying herself! Those vibrant orange eyes of hers almost seemed to glow, and the way the fur on her tail fluffed in the air as it wagged, it was to die for! It could just melt someone's heart!

They had no choice but to just let the moment sink in. It was great moments like this that seemed to last forever, and they wouldn't have it any other way! However, something had to eventually snap them back to reality...

After finishing her meal and downing the glass of water that came with it, Maggie couldn't help but notice a familiar sensation... Her bladder had been filling all day long and was dangerously full, but she'd simply been ignoring it. At first, she planned to sneak off somewhere private and just go, but now that she had friends, she didn't want to just up and disappear without warning, so she continued to hide her need... However, her body language was giving her away...

Alissa's eyes had been following Maggie's tail, which had switched to a slower, less excited wag, and her ears weren't as perky as they were a few minutes prior. And it didn't seem like Maggie was in the mood to talk about home at the moment... Something was definitely bothering her.

"Hey Maggie, is everything okay?" Asked Alissa, making sure to give a genuine smile while she asked. One thing they'd noticed was that Maggie responded very well to visible emotions and the tone of your voice. Almost like she could sense how you were feeling...

"Y-yeah, I am okay. I just kind of have to pee a bit. I have not gone at all today." Said Maggie, her face red with embarrassment as she broadcasted her need...

This answer took Alissa back a bit... "Why would you wait so long? There's a restroom right down the hall."

Naturally, Alissa was met with a rather confused stare... "Because I am stuck inside and there is nowhere private in here. Not like I can just up and go in front of people."

Alissa and Kelly just looked at each other for a second before coming to a realization... Maggie didn't know what a restroom was!

"Didn't you say you got here last night?! Didn't you at least go before bed?!" Asked a rather stunned Kelly.

"Yeah. It was dark out so it was not hard to find a good spot..." All this talking about peeing was truly doing a number on Maggie! She'd began to shift in her seat and held her knees close together, and she was consciously reminding herself not to hold her pussy in front of her new friends.

"You just went outside?!" Asked Kelly, still just as dumbfounded as earlier...

"Y-yeah, where else would----" Maggie paused as a wave of shivers ran up her spine and she was forced to clamp down and endure a sudden wave of desperation! Her new friends could've sworn they heard a slight whimper as well...

"Maggie, do you not know what a restroom is?" Asked Alissa, a look of genuine concern on her face.

"I have never heard of such a place, no." Said Maggie, struggling to speak in her usual tone while her bladder protested within her!

"Come with me. I'll show you how to use the toilets. That's where we relieve ourselves around here." Said Alissa, her look of concern mixing with some sort of worry...

"Y-yes... Please..." Said Maggie, standing up and slightly shivering in place as her tail folded down between her legs! She wasn't openly holding herself, but she didn't have to in order to display how badly she needed the toilet right now!

"Okay, just hold on a minute, it's right down the hall." Alissa took Maggie's hand and led her down the hallway towards the restrooms.

It only took a dozen steps or so for a new, much stronger wave of desperation to attack Maggie! She stopped walking and bent forwards with her knees slightly bent and locked together, and shoved her hands in her crotch! Even with all that, she still lost a small spurt! Not to mention, she'd never changed out of the gym shorts that Kelly had lent her, so she was displaying a fair bit right now...

"Just try to hold on, we're almost there!" Said Alissa, her face turning to worry as she took in the image of poor Maggie barely holding on!

"I... I am trying..." Said Maggie through a shaking voice as another tingly wave of desperation rode up her spine and made her entire body shake in place! Her boiling hot piss wanted out so badly it was making her holding muscles burn with effort!

"It's okay, that's it right there!" Shouted Alissa, pointing to a door with a pink "WOMEN'S" sign on it!

"Finally!" Shouted Maggie, her muscles nearing their limit as another trickle left her and dampened her panties!

The duo arrived at the door and found it to be locked! Alissa simply knocked, and was answered with a simple "Occupied" from within.

"Can you please hurry up? My friend here has to go really badly!" Said Alissa, trying to make sure the restroom would be available as soon as possible.

Maggie simply shook in place again as another wave of tingles rode through her spine and caused her to lose a boiling hot spurt, shooting through her panties and creating a golf ball sized wet spot on her friend's gym shorts!

"I..." Said a desperate Maggie, her face twisted in desperation as she tried to continue fighting to contain her boiling hot flood!

"Just a moment longer! It's almost your turn!" Said Alissa, reaching out and putting her hand on Maggie's shivering shoulder.

"I do not think I can wait any longer..." Said Maggie, her left hand shaking as she held Alissa's hand while shoving the other deep in her crotch to help contain the flood! She'd changed positions to be leaning back against the wall and was bent forwards with her legs bent and her knees and thighs locked together as her body once again began to shake!

Alissa comforted Maggie and repeatedly assured her that it would be alright, just as the restroom door finally opened! Maggie stood herself up fully and waddled inside, only to find a strange ceramic thing with water in it...

"What do I do now?" Asked Maggie, shaking furiously as another boiling hot spurt shot into her gym shorts and warmed her hand! She nearly doubled over completely as she fought to keep her sphincter shut!

"Take your shorts and panties off and sit on the toilet. Then just let go." Said Alissa, using body language and gestures to explain what she was telling Maggie to do.

But it was too late... Once the words "just let go" hit Maggie's ears, her hold began disintegrating! She again doubled over, whimpering quite loudly as her shaking body could no longer contain the flood and it began to trickle out of her!

"Please help me get my clothes off..." Said a shaking Maggie, shoving her other hand in her crotch under her shorts and panties while slowly dampening her shorts as her trickle threatened to expand to a stream!

"You have to move your hands so I can get your shorts down honey..." Said Alissa, nervously reaching for the front and rear of Maggie's shivering and shaking gym shorts!

"I cannot..." Maggie whimpered louder as she removed her hands! Her knees locked together even harder as her hold crumbled further!

With Alissa beginning to pull her shorts down, Maggie's hold fell apart... Her boiling hot piss began rocketing out of her, shooting right through her panties, and pattering against her shorts before running the rest of the way down her legs! With instinct taking over, Maggie squatted down and began to sob as it all flowed out of her and made a ginormous puddle on the floor!

"I'm sorry. I can help you clean up..." Said Alissa, again putting her hand and Maggie's shoulder... What she didn't expect was for Maggie to lean forward into Alissa chest and begin sobbing as she again resumed peeing through her panties and her puddle grew even larger!

Of course, staff noticed the crying coming from the restroom and knocked, asking if everything was alright. All they got was a request for cleaning supplies and a fresh set of clothes. It didn't take long for them to figure out what'd happened, and they quickly brought what was needed...

For the first time since she'd arrived, Maggie didn't have her ears or tail hidden as her friend cracked the door and took the replacement set of clothes from the staff. Something had changed in her mind, and she didn't quite feel that she needed to hide them anymore...

Naturally, Alissa took Maggie to the showers and helped her get all cleaned up. It was so cute to see her silhouette through the curtain as she shampooed her ears and tail! And the room being all steamy had amplified Maggie's already heightened sense of smell, making sure she picked up on her friend's arousal at the situation...

For some reason, this didn't bother Maggie, and instead made her curious...

I'm doing one last part in the human world before leaving it up to the readers once the group makes their escape to the forgotten continent. Please be patient, your turn is coming!

*002*2023-05-02 19:22

It was 3:15 in the morning and Maggie continued to toss and turn in her bed... Her breathing was erratic and a couple uncontrolled growls had awoken her roommates... Alissa and Kelly looked at each other, whispering about whether they should wake Maggie up or see if the nightmare might subside on its own... Before they could reach a decision, they caught a glimpse of a figure sneaking around in the darkness! Alissa quickly reached for the light switch, turning it on and waking Maggie up as the room flooded with light!

Maggie locked eyes with the intruder as she took in what was in front of her... Her sister Luna stared back at her! A rare form of a German Shepherd with white furry patches on her chest and paws. Her hypnotic blue eyes always calmed Maggie down somehow, and they did the same today.

"How on earth did you get in here? And why are you transformed?" Asked Maggie, her tail wagging and ears standing upright like satellite dishes awaiting her sister's response!

"What on earth do you mean? I just walked right past everyone." Said Luna, the slight twitching of her left eye giving her away...

"You used magic to sneak past the staff, did you not?" Said Maggie, a slight look of anger in her eyes as her tail wagging slowed a bit...

"Yeah... I did... Are you... Mad at me?" Said a saddened Luna, who's ears were hanging down and tail lying flat against the floor she was sitting on...

"I am not mad... I am disappointed... You know that is forbidden outside our home country" Maggie started to shake in fear as images came back to her mind...

"I know about Cooper..." Luna's head leaned forward as she said this... "I just couldn't stand being apart from you for so long..."

Alissa and Kelly had been doing their best to stay out of whatever was happening, but curiosity was seeping into their minds... Alissa could stop herself no longer!

"Who's Cooper?" Asked Alissa, a look of curiosity in place of what should have been there... Fear...

"Who's there?!" Said a startled Luna, her eyes turning to see a pair of humans behind her, causing the ridge on her back to stand up as she instinctively started to show her humongous teeth!

"Do not! They are my friends!" Shouted Maggie, wrapping her arm around her sister's neck before Luna even saw her move...

"HOLY-" Said Alissa and Kelly, realizing that they'd momentarily lost sight of Maggie before she reappeared holding her sister in a choke hold... Luckily she wasn't dumb enough to squeeze...

"You're friends with humans?!" Whispered a shocked and confused Luna, again hiding her teeth and shifting her gaze back to Maggie.

"I am. They are not what we have been told. The humans here are those who were rejected by society, the ones left out. They are not the war hungry monsters we have been told about." Said Maggie, releasing her hold on her sister.

"I... I see..." Said Luna, turning to see Alissa and Kelly... The duo just stood there in shock, giving Luna plenty of time to take in their dispositions and their scents. Looks like Maggie was right, these two harbored no anger or resentment towards beast people! "Sis, do you realize what this means?! We can take them back with us, show them our ways, and improve relations with the humans invading our territory!"

"We could... But these people have been nothing but kind to me... I would like to get their opinion on this before you we take them with us." Said Maggie, her eyes again glowing as a sense of compassion fell across the room, nearly erasing any sense of fear that any of them had previously felt.

"Alissa, Kelly... I need you two to listen to me. And no matter how you think your answers might make me feel, I want you to tell me the honest truth." Said Maggie.

"S-sure, we can do that." Said the duo, finally standing up out of bed and turning to face Maggie and Luna.

"If Luna and I leave for the forgotten continent, would you want to stay here and pretend you never met us, or would you rather come with us?" Maggie looked serious, almost as if she was scared of what her new friends might say...

Alissa and Kelly just looked at each other for a sec before giving their answer. "As if you'd need to ask. Of course we'd come with you!" Said Kelly, beating Alissa to the punch and proving their friendship with Maggie right in front of Luna!

"Are you sure? The forgotten continent can be a dangerous place for humans." Said Luna, looking to Maggie's friends for confirmation.

"Can't be any more dangerous than it is here. If we stay here, we never know if we'll wake up one morning and they'll tell us that we're out of time and kick us out. Nobody here has homes to go back to, that's why we're here. If we get kicked out, we'll be back out on the streets, and people will look down on us again and the police will continuously take our stuff or force us to keep sneaking around so they don't find us. Whatever the forgotten continent is, it has to be better than our old life." Said Alissa, her face and tone driving her conviction home.

"I... I am sorry..." Said Maggie... "I did not know it was like that... And I have been leaning on the two of you for so much... I hope I have not been a burden..."

Kelly gave no time for anyone to think of anything before she spoke up. "How would you ever be a burden?! You're like the little sister I never had!"

Knock knock knock! "It's Steven, is everything okay in there?" Said a familiar voice from outside the door... Bad news, they'd made so much noise that the staff was alert to them...

"How can we possibly hide these two befor-" Whispered Alissa, rubbing her eyes to make sure she wasn't seeing things. Luna's fur had completely disappeared! All that was left was the ears and tail!

Thinking quickly, Alissa grabbed a pair of hats and hid the girl's ears! After that, they stuffed their tails into the backs of their shirts and sat facing the door.

Kelly cracked the door open just far enough to speak through the opening. She spoke with a commanding tone that even Alissa hadn't heard before. "Hello?! One dude 'CHECKING ON' four girls in the middle of the night? Am I the only one that sees a reportable issue here?"

The man simply apologized and walked away, leaving the group to their privacy once more as they let out an audible sigh of relief.

Luna was the first to speak up about what just happened. "Don't tell me this is how it is over here. We're all trapped inside some sort of stone walls and they just up and try to come in? What if we'd been changing?"

Naturally, Maggie answered first. "Nobody here has been unkind to me. However, you are right about the stone walls. I have felt trapped since I got here."

Alissa and Kelly answered almost in perfect sync with each other. "We know, we fell trapped too. Now, tell us more about this forgotten continent you mentioned earlier!"

Luna took a moment to explain everything she could. From the size of the beasts that roam the land, the amazing capabilities of the different tribes of beast people, to what was expected of those who live there, nothing was missed! What was even more impressive was that this explanation was over 30 minutes long, yet the clock had barely moved!

SMACK! Maggie slapped Luna across her face hard enough to rip her feet off the floor and slam her face into the ground! All from a single slap...

"What on Earth are you doing?!" Yelled Luna, not realizing her volume would potentially cause issues...

"Stopping you from activating your spell. I am not stupid. I can feel magic being gathered just as well as you can." Said Maggie, her facial expression being one of severe disappointment and frustration as the veins in her arms and hands emitted a faint orange glow...

"Then what are you doing using magic??!"

"Stopping your voice from alerting the staff, you moron. You may have snuck past them to get in here, but now we are completely surrounded by them."

"I... I'm sorry. I acted without thinking." Said Luna, her gaze shifting away from her sister's eyes as she tried to figure out what to do next...

"Wait, you two can use magic?" Whispered Alissa, her eyes glowing with excitement!

"Yes, we can, but we are not supposed to use it outside of the forgotten continent. Our abilities won't recharge this far away." Said Maggie, finally starting to calm down a bit... The glow had long since faded from her arms and she appeared slightly tired... Was this from using magic, from staying up all night, maybe both? Doesn't matter, she wasn't going to let it bother her.

Luna's gaze shifted back to her sister as she realized what was going on... They needed to get moving very soon. "If it's really that hard for you to control, we should head back as soon as we can. We can't risk you losing control of your power." Said Luna, placing a hand on Maggie's shoulder and feeling a power course through her! She shuddered in place as a chill ran up her spine!

"Maggie, are you sure you're okay? I have some Gallias Sap with me if you need it." Said Luna, reaching into her grass woven bag and pulling out a small wooden cup before removing the lid and revealing that it was filled with a thick black substance. A pungent odor filled the room as the air began to sit still... Even the draft from the shoddy masonry work stopped!

"I think that would help a lot. Just a little bit for now." Said Maggie, reaching for the cup and coating her fingers in the substance before briefly pausing... "I hate this stuff..." Maggie licked the sap from her fingers, shuddering at the awful taste filling her mouth! However, she had to admit that she was already feeling much better!

"Was that enough?" Asked Luna, a concerned look in her eyes as she saw Maggie shudder before her...

"Yeah, for now, at least. I do not want to overdo it all at once." Maggie closed the lid to the wooden cup and the air once again began moving as it usually does, and of course the draft resumed.

Naturally, Alissa had to ask what was in the cup, prompting Luna to locked eyes with Alissa. Luna made her promise to keep this a secret. Only then did she reveal what the black substance was. "It's sap from a Gallias tree. It makes it easier for people to control their powers. I was worried something like this would happen, and that's why I came looking for Maggie here. When she used magic to conceal my voice earlier, the way her blood glowed through her skin only confirmed my worries. Her power is beginning to churn and boil, and it's getting harder for her to stay in control."

Kelly gave Maggie and her sisters a worried look before finally asking the question that'd been in her head the entire time... "Maggie, why didn't you tell us about this? I knew something was bothering you, and you know you can talk to us."

Maggie returning a compassionate look. "I know I can talk to you about anything, but this is not something you can help with because you do not have anything to help. Only Gallias Sap can calm a power like mine."

Alissa chimed in next. I swear, this curiosity of hers might get her killed in the wild... "Why did you say it like that? Is there something special about your power?"

Maggie blushed, appearing embarrassed as she began stroking the back of her head... Luna chimed in for her... "Maggie doesn't have an attribute. She's the first of her kind, and we're still figuring out how to care for her..."

Alissa appeared stumped, and so did Kelly... "What does that mean?"

Once again, Luna answered for Maggie. "We don't know. It could be that her power is too complex for us to understand, or that it's an entirely new power that we aren't familiar with. Usually, someone's power is evident by looking at what their abilities are. If someone possesses the power of wind, their abilities will usually revolve around very quick and agile movements. If they possess the power of water, their spells have a certain flow to them, like a river. Fire usually comes with a very outgoing personality and lots of extra energy, but has very few abilities other than just burning things, and if you use it too much, you'll overheat and pass out. Those with the power of earth and plants can heal injured parts of the forest and move large boulders rather easily, but this power doesn't come with much magic and is mostly based on strength. I have the power of water. That's how I can control the flow of light to sneak past the humans in the hallways. All I have to do is stay quiet."

Alissa's and Kelly's eyes had lit up like they were little kids who just got permission to go to a friend's house! Who knew this kind of wonder even existed, and it was right in front of them!

This time, it was Kelly who asked the next question. "So, what power does Maggie have? Is it a mixture or something?"

Maggie finally had had enough and stepped into the conversation. She slightly raised her voice as she told everyone to stop talking about her as if she wasn't even here.

Naturally, the entire group apologized, as they didn't realize the conversation was bugging her and would've stopped much sooner if they'd known.

"Look. I am not mad, I am just frustrated. How about we get moving?" Said Maggie, grabbing her sister's hand and walking towards the door. Arriving at the door, she removed her hat and stood taller than anyone had seen before. She transformed much like her sister had earlier, and only whispered the word "open" before the door opened on its own!

Naturally, everyone just stood in shock! The staff in the hallway came rushing to see if everything was okay, but ran face first into some sort of invisible wall. Sounds rang out, similar to birds running into windows, and nobody could seem to break through.

"Come on, we do not have a lot of time before that wall comes apart." Said Maggie, motioning for everyone to follow her.

"Maggie, you know you're glowing, right?" Asked a flustered Luna, confused as to how Maggie could use her powers despite already having the same sap that calms one's powers and limits their abilities.

"Of course I know, now lets go before that wall comes apart!"

"You heard her, lets get going." Said Luna, transforming back into her full form and walking towards Maggie.

"Oh! I Almost forgot! Alissa, Kelly, put your stuff in those grass boxes, and be quick about it. Only grab what you need, and remember that there is no electricity back home. Once we leave this room. these boxes will be waiting for us by my bed." Said Maggie, snapping her fingers as a pair of boxes appeared on the floor, each one large enough to fit an entire person inside!

"What on earth?" Alissa and Kelly looked at each other for a second before simply doing as they were instructed. What a weird power.

Having packed their boxes, the duo walked up to Maggie and asked what was next.

"Next, we all hold hands and walk through the doorway." Said Maggie.

Maggie instructed everyone to hold hands and step through one at a time. Once through, everything went dark for a second, followed by a brief flicker of light, and then darkness again. There was no sound, none of them had any weight, and they didn't even think to ask if they were even still breathing! For brief moments, Alissa and Kelly could've sworn they saw clouds and lightning strikes before the darkness would quickly return.

Within just a few seconds, the group could hear sounds of birds they'd never heard before, chatter coming from above, and the air felt crisp and refreshing! It took a few seconds for Alissa and Kelly's eyes to adjust, before they realized something truly amazing! They were on the floor of a forest more amazing than they could've ever dreamt! They were so enthralled by the incredible landscape around them that they didn't notice what was going on right behind them...

Maggie's knees shook and her face went pale as she was overcome with dizziness and fatigue! Her vision got light and dark, her breathing felt off, and she began to stumble backwards! When Luna reached out to catch Maggie's fall, she was met with something she couldn't describe! A power coursed through her, jarring her entire body, and etching long, skinny burn marks into the forest floor and creating a resounding boom that echoed throughout the forest! This power quickly dissipated and Maggie stood back up on her own, swearing left and right that she was fine!

"Alissa, did you just see that?" Asked Kelly, trying to ascertain if she was dreaming or not...

"I did. Heard it too." Said Alissa, realizing what the bright flashes were while they were briefly weightless...

"I do not know why that always happens. I get dizzy for a moment, then there is a loud boom, and it just goes away..." Said Maggie, trying to explain herself to Luna.

"I don't mean to interrupt but..." Luna and Maggie turned to face Alissa, who seemed to have something important on her mind. Important enough to pull her away from her curiosity about the forest even!

"Yes, what is it?" Asked Maggie.

"Do you think your power might be lightning? Those brief flashes I saw while I was weightless, they resembled lightning strikes, then you struck the ground after we landed, and it even clapped like thunder. Look at your feet, you've scorched the ground, just like a mini lightning strike." Said Alissa, pointing to the burn marks on the ground.

"You know what, you might be right..." Said Luna, smiling at Maggie. "And now that we know what this power is, we can figure it out and work with it!"

End of part 3.

*003*2023-07-01 22:40

This topic has officially been abandoned. I've lost whatever creative inspiration I had for this story.

