The Long Drive (The first Laura and Ethan installment)

Author: desperationman87

*000*2024-12-11 18:55

Hey everyone! This is a new series I want to start about the characters Laura and Ethan. If you like it, let me know and I will write more!

The Long Drive

Laura glanced at the GPS, her eyes darting nervously between the screen and the sea of taillights stretching endlessly ahead. “Forty-five minutes,” she muttered, her voice tight. She shifted in her seat, her thighs pressing together for the hundredth time in the last hour. “I don’t think I can hold it that long, Ethan.”

Laura’s tan skin glowed faintly in the afternoon light streaming through the windshield, highlighting her mid-twenties, athletic build. Though she was petite—just shy of 5’5”—her toned frame and perky breasts gave her a quiet confidence. Her dark, wavy hair fell loose around her shoulders, its natural sheen catching the sun. She had an open, honest demeanor, her expressive brown eyes betraying every thought and emotion. Today, she wore a white t-shirt that clung to her slim figure and a pair of snug, light blue jeans that emphasized her curves, and white cotton panties that would occasionally peek out of the top of her jeans. Her feet, small and delicate, rested in thin tan leather sandals, the kind that showed off her neatly painted toenails.

Ethan glanced at her, his tall frame making the driver’s seat seem almost cramped. At over six feet, he towered over Laura in both height and presence, his broad shoulders filling out the black t-shirt he wore. Being in his early 30s, his build leaned toward “dad bod”—more solid than sculpted—but there was no mistaking his strength. His arms had a natural bulk, his forearms dusted with a hint of light hair. The contrast between his fair complexion and Laura’s tan skin was striking, especially when their hands brushed as he reached over to comfort her. His jean shorts fit snugly over his muscular thighs and tight boxer briefs, and his blue tennis shoes were scuffed and well-worn, hinting at a practical, no-frills personality. Beneath his casual demeanor, his chestnut eyes held a quiet intensity, a steadiness that seemed to anchor Laura when her emotions ran high.

Ethan shifted slightly in his seat, pressing his thighs together as a subtle wave of discomfort rippled through him. “It’s okay,” he said, keeping his voice calm and reassuring. “It’s not your fault. There’s no way we could’ve known we’d hit traffic like this.”

Even as he spoke, a dull ache throbbed in his bladder, and he pressed his legs together subtly. Doing so made him realize there was another throbbing just below his bladder he hadn’t realized was there. Was he getting aroused by this situation? Very quickly, the iced coffee he’d finished earlier was making its presence painfully known, and the thought of sitting in bumper-to-bumper traffic for another 45 minutes sent a ripple of anxiety through him. Still, he kept his discomfort (and pleasure) hidden. Laura didn’t need his struggles adding to her stress.

She fidgeted beside him, her discomfort evident in the way she squirmed and adjusted her position. “I shouldn’t have had that iced tea,” she muttered, wincing. “I thought I could make it, but I really, really need to go.”

Ethan reached over and gave her hand a reassuring squeeze, his own voice steady despite the growing pressure in his abdomen. “We’ll figure it out. Just try to breathe and relax, okay?”

“Relaxing” was the last thing he could do. Every bump in the road seemed to jolt his bladder, and he shifted again, trying to find a position that eased the relentless pressure. A sharp wave hit him suddenly, and he clenched his jaw as a tiny, unwelcome spurt escaped. He froze, his cheeks burning, but Laura didn’t seem to notice.

Minutes stretched into eternity. Laura pressed her hands into her lap, her breathing unsteady. “Ethan,” she said suddenly, her voice trembling, “I just… I think I just leaked a little.”

Ethan’s stomach clenched in sympathy—and anxiety. “It’s okay, honey,” he said gently, though his pulse quickened. “Don’t worry about it. If it happens, it happens. I’d rather you feel comfortable than stress yourself out trying to hold it.”

Her nod was shaky, and the embarrassment on her face made his chest ache. At the same time, his own situation was becoming dire. He tightened his grip on the wheel, his knuckles whitening as another spurt escaped. A faint dampness bloomed against his jeans, and he bit his lip to stifle a groan.

Laura let out a soft whimper, turning to him with wide, tear-filled eyes. “It’s happening again,” she whispered. “I can’t stop it.”

Ethan’s heart twisted. “Laura, it’s okay,” he said, his voice low and soothing. “You’ve already started, so… maybe you should just let it happen.”

Her face burned crimson, her hands trembling in her lap. “I can’t just… I can’t,” she stammered, tears spilling over. “Not here. Not like this.”

Ethan reached over and rested a comforting hand on her shoulder, even as his own body screamed for relief. “You’re doing your best,” he said gently. “But if you can’t hold it, you don’t have to force yourself. I promise—it’s not a big deal.”

Her resolve crumbled. She let out a shaky breath, her voice breaking. “I can’t hold it anymore,” she whispered. “I’m having an accident, Ethan. I’m so sorry…”

Her words trailed off as the dam broke completely. She buried her face in her hands as the warm flood soaked through her jeans. The tension melted from her body, replaced by a cocktail of mortification and unexpected arousal. Ethan pulled the car onto the shoulder, his heart aching for her.

“Hey, hey,” he said softly, turning to her. “It’s okay, Laura. You don’t have to apologize. It happens.”

Her breath hitched as she looked at him, her cheeks still blazing. “But it’s so… it’s so gross,” she murmured. “I made such a mess.”

“It’s not gross,” Ethan said firmly. “It’s human. You’ve been holding it for so long—your body just needed to let go. There’s no shame in that.”

Laura blinked at him, a tear slipping down her cheek. She nodded slowly, but her gaze dropped to his lap—and froze. A dark patch had spread across his jeans, faint but unmistakable. “Ethan,” she said, her voice tentative, “are you…?”

He followed her gaze, his cheeks flaring red as he realized she’d seen it. “I—” he started, but the words caught in his throat. Another wave hit him, and this time, he couldn’t stop the leak that followed. He let out a soft groan, his posture stiffening. Immediately, Laura felt a different wetness flood her panties.

“I’m sorry,” he muttered, his voice barely above a whisper. “I’ve been trying to hold it, but…”

Laura surprised him by reaching over and placing her hand on his wet crotch. “Ethan, it’s okay,” she said gently. “You don’t have to hold it anymore. If it’s happening, just… let it happen.”

He hesitated, his face burning with embarrassment as he knew she could feel his erection. But the kindness in her eyes gave him the courage to relax, and as the tension left his body, the warmth spread through his jeans and onto her hand. He closed his eyes briefly, letting out a soft, shaky sign of arousal.

Laura bit her lip as she stared at his accident, the shared moment easing the last of her lingering shame. “Guess we both enjoyed that more than we thought,” she said, a teasing smile playing on her lips.

Ethan shook his head, a reluctant grin tugging at his mouth. “We’ve definitely crossed a line,” he said. “Should we even bother trying to hold it for the rest of the drive?”

Laura looked down at her soaked jeans as that excited and naughty thought crossed her mind, this time with a sense of freedom. “What’s the point? We’re already wet. Let’s just… deal with it as it happens.”

Ethan nodded, the tension finally leaving his shoulders. “Agreed. No more hiding from each other.”

For the rest of the trip, they let go when they needed to, the initial embarrassment giving way to teasing excitement. Each time one of them let go, they placed their partner’s hand right over the source of their relief, the experience becoming less mortifying and more bonding. By the time they reached their destination, they were both soaked, but felt more aroused than ever before. Without care for who saw, they ran into their house, ripping each other’s clothes off as they closed the door behind them…

THE END

