Draco's Mishaps

Author: Donar

*015*2014-11-19 18:58

I had a lot of things to do offline those past weeks. Sorry for the delay!

Still have a few Chapters ready, so back to more regular updates, hopefully.

This time it is more from Harry's perspective for a change.

Enjoy!

Monday, November 1st

Draco awoke because someone was shaking his shoulders. When he opened his eyes, he saw Theo's face smiling down at him.

“Good morning, sleepyhead!”, Theo beamed.

Draco's first thought was that he must have dozed off after all. His second was that he had peed himself. There was talking and laughing all around them. Even worse, he must have slept in, too, and everyone else was already up. Draco looked at his friend, mortified.

“You wet?”, Theo whispered.

Draco just nodded embarrassedly.

Theo held out Draco's wand for him and silently asked: “You can do it yourself or want me to?”

“Of cause I can!”, Draco told him in slight annoyance. He sat up. To his horror, his mattress felt wet everywhere, he had completely drenched it. Luckily it didn't show much with the dark color. Draco snatched his wand from Theo and took a quick look around. Most students already were up and about, but no one seemed to pay them any particular attention at the moment. Draco waved his wand over his blanket and muttered the incantation. The tickling, warm wave that ran down his body told him that the cleaning charm had done its work. He closed his eyes for a moment and took a deep breath. That had been a close call! How could he have allowed himself to doze off? But it had worked out, nobody had discovered his secret – except for Theo of cause, but he already knew.

Draco got up from his now dry bed and looked over to where all the laughing and screaming came from. “What's all that ruckus about?”, he asked. A big group of kids had assembled, though Draco couldn't see what they were shouting about. Theo looked over, too, his face darkened. Silently, he said: “Apparently, you're not alone. Potter wet his bed. Goyle noticed.”

The two got over and pushed through the crowd. Potter was sitting on the floor, crying. He wore light blue pants, the kind of fabric that turned really dark when it got wet. And Merlin, was there a lot of darkness! It covered the entire crotch and buttocks and it ran down the inside of both his legs. A blind man could have seen from a mile away that Potter had pissed himself. If that weren't enough already, Goyle was holding up Potter's wet bedding like a trophy for everyone to see while Crabbe jeered at Potter's distress.

The Weasel tried to snatch the bedsheets from Goyle, but Goyle was too tall for him. Meanwhile, Granger knelt helplessly besides her sobbing sweetheart. An evil smile sneaked on Draco's face as he took in the scene and he fell in with the laughter. He turned to Theo, expecting him to cheer on Goyle as well, but then he saw the appalled look on his friend's face and he swallowed his glee. “Crabbe, Goyle, let's go!”, he snapped at the two and turned around sharply.

* * *

Ron had finally managed to snatch the bedsheets from Goyle. “Leave Harry alone already!”, he screamed at the crowd, but it just made them laugh even harder. Ron was about to jump a Ravenclaw boy who was chanting “Potty Potter, the boy who weed!”, but Professor McGonagall grabbed him at his shoulder before he could. McGonagall didn't even have to raise her voice, her stare was enough to silence the crowd. “What is this commotion about?”, she asked. A look down at Harry's wet pants and the drenched bedsheets on the ground told her as much. She faced the crowd again.

“You all should be ashamed of yourselves! Mr. Corner, Mr. Zabini, Miss Parkinson, Mr. Macmillan, a word in my office, if you please!”, McGonagall picked out the loudest offenders. Somehow everyone suddenly seemed to remember they had urgent business to attend to elsewhere.

The Professor turned back to Harry, who was still crying hysterical. In a more gentle voice she said: “Miss Granger, Mr. Weasley would you take care of Potter?”

The two were already kneeling besides him and trying to calm him down. Hermione just quickly nodded at the Professor and then turned back to Harry.

“Stupid Malfoy got away just in time!”, Ron hissed angrily as McGonagall walked away.

Hermione's eyes darted up for a second to give him an irritated glance. Not now, they seemed to say.

“Now you won't be my friends anymore!”, Harry whined.

“It's OK, Harry!”, Hermione said, “such things just happen!”

“Yeah, it can happen to everyone once in a while!”, Ron agreed.

“But everyone laughs at me now!”, Harry sniffled.

“Those are just jerks!”, Ron said, “if anyone laughs at you again, I'll hex them!”

“It was just an accident! The Dementors, and now Sirius Black, it was too much for you! You were scared, it's a natural thing! Everybody would have been scared! It's nothing to be ashamed of!”, Hermione reasoned.

“I bet Malfoy put something in your drink that made you wet the bed!”, Ron said.

“Come on, let's get you to the bathroom!”, Hermione carefully tried to help Harry up. Ron supported him from the other side. Harry allowed them to raise him up and guide him out of the Great Hall. He knew they were wrong and it wasn't just a one-time thing. He also knew he would be the laughing-stock of the entire school for the rest of his years at Hogwarts. But he was just relieved at least his friends still liked him, he didn't want them to leave him, too. He knew they would if they learned he wet the bed every night.

On the hallway, they ran into Professor Snape. He looked exhausted and seemed to be in an especially foul mood this morning. His disdainful eyes wandered down from Harry's teary face to his wet pants, then back up to his face. “Mr. Potter”, he said, disgust clearly in his voice, “once you've cleaned up, come to my office.”

Harry remembered the last night and his heart dropped even more.

“Potter, did you understand what I just said?”, Snape asked, annoyed.

Harry nodded and muttered a sad “Yes, Sir.”

“What was that about?”, Hermione asked and Ron quickly filled her in that Harry had tried to go hunting for Black all by himself last night. Harry didn't have the energy to correct him.

“You did WHAT? Have you gone completely-”, Hermione started, but after a look at Harry's face, she stopped herself. Harry could see it burning inside her eyes and he knew he would have to brace himself for a stern lecture later when she thought he was better again.

Hermione and Ron led him over to the boy's room. Hermione waited in front of the door, while Ron carefully directed Harry inside. Thankfully, they were alone. Harry was still too distraught to be much use and Ron had to help him with everything. He gently pushed him over into one of the cubicles and unbuttoned his trousers for him. He pulled them down a bit and instructed Harry to sit down on the toilet. The pants were cold and clammy and they clung to Harry's skin. Ron had some trouble to pull them off, but he didn't complain about the stale piss he got all over his hands. Once he had finally managed and put the pants aside, Harry just sat there, staring at the ground emptily, waiting for Ron to tell him what to do next. Just seeing Harry in this state made Ron burn with anger and he silently swore to take revenge on Malfoy.

Ron helped Harry to stand up again, then he pulled down Harry's soaked briefs as well, revealing Harry's little boyhood. Ron looked away to not embarrass his friend even more. The briefs slumped to the ground wetly. “Step out of them!”, Ron silently instructed. Ron helped Harry with his shirts as well, then he led him over to the sinks. He turned on the water and made sure it wasn't too cold and put a washcloth in Harry's hand. “Clean yourself up, OK?”, he said gently. Thankfully, Harry was able to do this part on his own.

While he washed, Ron quickly gathered Harry's clothes and brought them over to Hermione, who still waited outside. He handed them to her and she quickly cast a cleaning charm on them. Ron took the clothes back and he almost looked a tiny bit impressed as he covertly examined the pants but failed to find any remaining wetness.

“I can't believe neither of you still knows a single cleaning spell!”, Hermione told him.

Ron muttered something that sounded a lot like “boys don't need cleaning spells”, though he had the good sense to retreat into the boy's room and close the door into Hermione's face before she could reply. He thought he heard a “boys are idiots!” as an answer anyways. He went over to Harry, who still stood in front of the sink, looking down at his boyhood.

“All cleaned up?”, Ron asked.

Harry nodded, then he said awkwardly: “I have nothing to wear.”

Ron smiled and held out Harry's dried clothes to him.

Harry looked at them, stupefied. “How...?”

“Cleaning charm”, Ron explained, business-like, “real easy. Better than new!”

Harry took his briefs and hesitantly slipped them on. He didn't like the feeling of the fabric against his skin. They looked clean, they even smelled clean, yet he felt like they clang uncomfortably to his skin and they just felt dirty. He really wished he had a change of real, fresh clothes. But he hadn't. So instead he grabbed his trousers and shirts and put them on as well. When he was fully dressed, he eyed Ron uncertainly.

“All better!”, Ron beamed, “let's see if they finally got breakfast ready, I'm starving!”

Harry grimaced, he just wanted to get back to the dormitories, get out of these gross pants and take a long, hot shower.

Then he remembered. “I have to get to Snape's office”, he said as he exited the bathroom. He figured his punishment would only get worse if he made the man wait.

“Want me to go with you?”, Ron and Hermione both asked at the same time.

Harry smiled at them weakly, but he shook his head. “Thanks, really! But I'll be OK.”

Then he turned around and slowly walked down the hallway towards the Grand Staircase. He took the stairs down to the dungeon and followed the corridors towards their potions classroom, Professor Snape's office was right next to it. Most pupils were still in the Great Hall, waiting for breakfast, so he only met two second-year Slytherin boys on his way. They chanted “Potty Potter” as he walked past them, but left him in peace otherwise. He ignored them. Better get used to his new nickname, he thought, depressed. Harry reached Professor Snape's office and hesitated a moment before he knocked on the heavy door.

“Yes!”, Snape's commanding voice answered.

Harry uncomfortably entered. Professor Snape sat at his desk, in front of the endless rows of shelves, all full of jars and glasses filled with slimy, revolting things. He seemed to have added a few to his collection since Harry's last visit. Professor Snape looked up from his papers and gestured Harry to step closer. He didn't offer him to sit, so Harry stood in front of his teacher's desk, eying Snape a little fearful.

“You wanted to see me, Professor”, Harry said.

“Took you long enough, Mr. Potter”, Snape said icily, “I almost thought you had forgotten.”

He looked down on Harry just long enough to remind him that Snape had seen him in his peed pants. Harry blushed. Snape didn't seem to notice.

“Sorry, Sir”, Harry muttered.

“What were you thinking, going after Sirius Black, Mr. Potter?”, Professor Snape asked. His piercing eyes fixated Harry. Harry tried to look back at him, he didn't want to seem craven or like he was trying to hide something. It felt exactly like staring down a hippogriff.

“I... I wasn't, Professor”, he said.

“What were you doing then, sneaking about the castle with a murderer about?”, Snape asked.

“I just...”, Harry trailed off. He looked down.

“You just – what? Certainly, you were aware that students weren't supposed to leave the Great Hall for your own protection, weren't you, Mr. Potter?”, Snape asked mockingly.

Harry bit his lip but he remained silent.

Professor Snape sighed. “Just like your father. Detention all week! Report to my office at seven in the evening starting today. Don't be late again! That will be all, Mr. Potter!”

* * *

The day hadn't gotten better after that. Everywhere Harry went, other students were sniggering at him and he was now officially known as “Potty Potter” or “the boy who weed”. Even some Gryffindors had called him that – though after Ron had given Thomas a bloody nose for it, no one else dared to call Harry names in the Common Room anymore.

Harry still dreaded dinner, and ate as quickly as he could. He was relieved when he could flee the stares and chatter of the Great Hall. He had to hurry anyways, he really did not want to be late for his detention with Professor Snape. The man hated him and just waited for an excuse to punish him even further. Like he hadn't been punished enough already! Stupid bedwetting! The only good thing today was that somehow Harry had managed to avoid running into Malfoy and his goons all day, they hadn't even come over during dinner. Harry wondered why, Malfoy never wasted an opportunity to gloat. What ever their reasons, it couldn't be a good thing.

Harry quickly made his way down to the dungeons, they lay deserted at this time. Most Slytherins were still at the Great Hall and few other students ever wandered off here, so for once Harry arrived at Professor Snape's office unmolested. He knocked on the heavy wooden door. “Come in!”, Snape's voice answered from within and Harry entered.

“You're late!”, Snape said instead of a greeting.

If anything, Harry was early with a few minutes to spare, but he didn't argue. “Sorry, Professor, it won't happen again.”

“That will be five points from Gryffindor”, Snape said. Harry ground his teeth but he kept silent. “I'm afraid our stock of flobberworms has spoiled. You will sort out the rotten from the good ones, Mr. Potter! I hope you have brought your protective gloves.”

Of cause Harry hadn't, Professor Snape had never told him he would be needing any gloves. Snape gestured towards a workbench in the corner, a huge vat filled to the brim with flobberworms in different stages of decay sat atop it. Flobberworm mucus was dripping down the sides and was already solidifying on the worktop. Harry could smell the stench from across the room. He eyed the pair of dragon hide gloves laying atop the Professor's desk. “I'm sorry, I forgot, Sir”, he said silently, “could I borrow some gloves from you?”

“You forgot yours?”, Snape asked in fake concern. He glanced around the room searchingly, clearly looking the pair of gloves at least twice, “I'm afraid I don't have any I could lend you. You'll just have to do it with your bare hands.”

Harry grimaced, but he got to work without further complaint. From up close the worms stank even more. The good ones weren't that bad, but some of the bad ones were so rotten, they burst open at the slightest touch and spilled out their decomposing guts. He tried to breath as shallow as possible, but the stench was still nauseating. Harry really began to regret he just had had dinner. He had to keep on swallowing to keep from seeing it again and spilling it all over the worktop.

The mucus was almost worse than the stench, no matter how careful Harry was, it got on everything, the vat, the table, Harry's robes, his hands, even the floor and it stuck like glue. After the first few worms, Harry could hardly pull his fingers apart anymore, so thick was the layer of mucus that covered his hands.

“There are four more vats in the storage room, Mr. Potter”, Professor Snape informed him.

Great. Harry began to wonder if Professor Snape put some flobberworms out to rot specifically for this kind of punishment. But he didn't give Snape the satisfaction, he just nodded to signal he had understood and continued with his work without a word of complaint.

“You know, Potter, you always remind me of your father”, Professor Snape mused aloud, “the same recklessness. The same arrogance. No concern for others. The resemblance is really uncanny. Your father had some minor talent at Quidditch, too, and that made him think he was cut above everyone else. Strut around the place with his friends. No regard for rules either, just like you, those were for mere mortals, not a James Potter-”

“SHUT UP!”

Harry had turned around and stared at Snape.

“What did you just say, Mr. Potter?”, Professor Snape asked sharply, narrowing his eyes.

“I said shut up! My dad was a good person! You... you're lying!”

“Was he, now? How would you know, Mr. Potter?”, Snape smiled sourly, “stop procrastinating and get back to work! You'll be here all night if need be!”

Harry angrily turned back around and grabbed the next flobberworm. His dad just was! He did not want to admit to Snape that he knew almost nothing about his father. Harry realized that he was mangling the perfectly good flobberworm almost to a mush and he had to discard its remains with the bad ones. He awkwardly tried to wipe off the flobberworm goo from his hands. Snape was lying! He was just trying to hurt him.

Thankfully, Professor Snape apparently lost interest in taunting him and returned to grading papers. Harry really preferred to work in silence.

He finished with the first three batches of flobberworm within less than two hours and he was just about to get the fourth vat. That was when he felt the first, tiny nudge from his bladder, that told him it was getting rather full, but he figured it wasn't urgent and he could wait.

Half an hour later he felt like he needed the loo quite badly and he still had a full tub of flobberworms to go. He really shouldn't have drunken all that pumpkin juice at dinner and he cursed himself for not visiting the bathroom before his detention. Harry bit his lip.

“Professor Snape?”, he asked, “may I be excused? I need the loo.”

Snape didn't even look up from his papers. “No, Mr. Potter. I'm sure it can wait till you're finished with your work.”

Harry groaned silently. He didn't bother to argue, he had known Snape wouldn't let him go even before he had asked. The man never let anyone go during his classes either. For any reason. Once Neville had puked all over his table before Snape had finally allowed him to leave and told Seamus to escort him to the Hospital Wing.

Harry would just have to hurry. Which was easier said than done, for by now his hands were so covered in sticky mucus, everything he touched clung to them and those stupid flobberworms would sooner rip apart then let go of his hands when he wasn't careful. Harry silently cursed as he tried to shake off an especially persistent specimen.

He started to jump from one foot to the other while he was working. When he was finally all done, he couldn't stand still anymore at all, he felt like he was bursting. He quickly brought the last batch of good flobberworms back to the storage room, then he ran back.

“I'm done, Professor!”, he said.

Professor Snape looked up from his desk. Excruciatingly slow, he got up and walked over. “Ah, you made such a mess, Potter”, he observed, examining first the mucus-covered workbench, then eying Harry's robes, which didn't look much better. “Well, go clean up!” Snape threw Harry a rough scrubbing brush.

Harry caught it with both hands, which was a mistake for they immediately stuck together. With some difficulty he tore his hands apart again and quickly ran over to the sink. Turning on the tap and seeing the running water was pure agony. Harry had to cross his legs and he tried to scrape off the mucus from his hands as quick as he could. The damn stuff just wouldn't wash off, no matter how much soap he used and even if he scraped his hands almost bloody, his fingers still stuck together. Harry groaned and jumped in place. The running water made him have to go so bad! He decided that this was as good as he could do and he turned off the tap and put the brush down.

“Please, Professor, may I go now?”, he whined.

“Same time tomorrow, Mr. Potter. And I expect you to be on time from now on!”

“Yes, Sir! Sorry, Sir!”, Harry groaned and ran out as quickly as his dignity would allow him to.

He made a beeline for the loo by the potions classroom and ran right for the first urinal. He jumped in place while he hurriedly tried to undo his belt and trousers with his sticky fingers. When he finally got them open, he yanked his pants and briefs all down in one go. He aimed himself at the urinal and immediately started peeing. A very relieved sigh escaped him as his piss forcefully splattered against the porcelain.

*016*2014-11-27 18:38

Warning: Things get a bit ugly towards the end of this chapter. Some violence. Poor Draco realy doesn't enjoy his day.

Thursday, November 4th

First on Thursday mornings was Arithmancy class. None of Draco's friends had chosen Arithmancy among their electives, so neither Theo nor Crabbe or Goyle were with him. He sat with Pansy Parkinson instead, she was OK – for a girl.

Crabbe and Goyle had chosen Divination. They thought it was an easy subject, everybody knew Professor Trelawney was a kook. Of cause, neither of the two dolts had any talent whatsoever to predict the future either, but they had this master plan how to scrape a pass in her course which could best be described as “make shit up”. They were too stupid for Arithmancy anyways. And Theo had opted for Muggle Studies – sometimes he was strange like that. Even stranger, he complained a lot about that insufferable know-it-all Granger sitting next to him when all the time she was in Arithmancy with Draco.

Anyways, today Draco was happy his friends weren't with him, as this way he could quickly slip away after class and take a much needed detour to the loo in private. He hadn't even had that much pumpkin juice at breakfast, but he had been in a hurry and had had no time to go back to their dorms to use the bathroom there before classes. Obviously, he couldn't possibly have used the crowded facilities by the Great Hall.

So Draco was kind of bursting and not really paying much attention to his surroundings when he ran towards the bathroom on the seventh floor. Since that run-in with Potter and Weasley he tried to avoid the toilets near the Gryffindor tower even more, but it was an emergency and this bathroom was the only one close to his Arithmancy classroom, which overruled his otherwise better judgment.

He was about to enter, when he heard Weasel's annoying voice behind his back: “Hey, Malfoy!”

Draco groaned silently, cursing his luck. He turned around slowly, pretending like he had just been passing by and not been headed for the loo. Draco's heart sank as he saw that Weasley was with his older twin brothers. They all held their wands in their hands. He and his damn luck, he should have chanced the loo near the History of Magic classroom! He furtively moved his hand towards his pocket, where his own wand was.

“Three of you Weasleys at once? What do you want? I'm busy!”, Draco spat, sounding way more confident than he felt right now. His bladder gave him a nervous twinge and he anxiously shifted his weight from one leg to the other and pressed his thighs together ever so slightly, hoping he looked casual, not desperate.

They pushed him through the door to the bathroom and, once inside, one of the twins grabbed him and roughly forced him against the wall while the other got a hold of his hand and pulled it away from his pocket.

“No, you don't!”, he said and twisted Draco's arm. Draco winced but he managed to stifle a scream. He felt a small squirt dampen his briefs, but he regained control of his bladder in time.

“What do you want, let go of me!”, he demanded, though a little bit of his fear sneaked into his voice.

“We have warned you before”, the twin on his right hissed.

Their younger brother said: “We know you gave Harry something that made him wet his bed so you could make fun of him in front of everyone!”

“That's ridiculous!”, Draco spat and reared up, but the twins brutally pushed him back so that his head hit the wall. For a second Draco saw flashing lights before his eyes and another squirt escaped him. He panicky pressed his legs together, and his bladder send painful stabs through his lower abdomen as he stemmed the flood yet again.

“Since you didn't listen the last time”, the older boy on Draco's left said.

“We're gonna teach you a real lesson now”, his twin brother finished.

“Come on, how could I even have done that?”, Draco whined, he was actually getting kind of scared now.

“Liar!”, the Weasel cried and hit Draco in the stomach, right where his bladder was. Draco gasped and would have doubled over had the twins not held him up. This time it wasn't just a small spurt that got out. Draco managed to stop the flow one more time, but he could feel the pee drip down his legs and when he looked down there was a huge wet spot on the front of his trousers. The Weasley brothers saw it, too, and they started to laugh at him. Then, suddenly, the Weasel hit him again and this time Draco completely lost it. He started crying as he felt the hot piss soak through his pants and pool around him on the floor.

The Weasley twins shuffled their feet away so the spreading puddle of piss wouldn't touch their shoes. They whispered with each other and laughed even more. Then one of the twins got to the door, took a quick look outside and gestured his brothers to follow him. They grabbed Draco again and pulled him with them, over to the girl's room next door. They quickly got inside, then the first twin got his wand out and pointed it at Draco. The two others let go of him.

“Please-”, Draco sniffled, it was all he managed.

“Petrificus Totalus!”, the Weasley with the wand cut him off.

Draco felt his limbs snap together as the curse hit him, then the floor rushed towards him as he fell forward, right onto his face. He couldn't move a single muscle, and all he could see were the glazed tiles of the floor, but he could hear their laughter. Then there was the door. They were going to just leave him there?

Their footsteps became more distant. They really had just left him, alone, in his wet pants, on the floor, in the middle of the girl's room. New tears blurred Draco's vision as he started to cry again, silently, for he couldn't even sob.

Draco didn't know how long he had lain there. Hours. At some point, he just didn't have any more tears left and his vision had cleared again. More time went by. Draco couldn't do anything but wait for someone to walk in on him or for his assailants to return. The school bell rang. Must be lunch time already! Draco could hear steps and voices out on the corridor, they walked past the bathroom. He wanted to cry out for help, but no sound escaped his mouth. In the end, finally, some steps approached the door, it creaked open, Draco heard a girl shriek and something hit the ground when she must have dropped it, then her hurried steps as she ran away. Please! No! Help! Draco rolled his eyes in a failed attempt to get the door into his view.

No more than a minute or two could have passed since the girl had ran away – though to Draco it felt like an eternity – there was the sound of several pairs of feet fast approaching. The door was pushed open again and someone entered.

As the person got over, the seam of a green robe and a pair of women's leather boots entered Draco's field of vision. He felt a touch at his shoulder and heard the words of a simple counter-curse, then suddenly, his limbs obeyed his will again. He turned around to look up into the stern face of Professor McGonagall.

“Mr. Malfoy!”, she said, surprise and disapproval in her voice, “get up immediately!”

Draco hesitantly stood up, trying to cover the far too big, half-dried spot on his pants with his hands. McGonagall impatiently grabbed him at his collar and almost dragged him out on the corridor. Draco stumbled after her, past the first-year girl who stared at him with huge, stupid eyes. On the hallway, the Professor finally let go of Draco.

“Professor, I-”, he said. He tried to pull away from her, away from the far too many people who had turned around to stare at them, at his wet pants.

She grabbed his arm and pulled him back. “Mr. Malfoy, what in Merlin's name were you doing in the girl's room?”

“I was ambushed. You saved me, please, I-”, Draco tried to explain.

“You should be ashamed of yourself!”, McGonagall cut him short, frowning. If she had seen the state of Draco's pants, she didn't care. “I ask again”, she said, “what do you think you were doing in the girl's room, boy?”

“It was Ronald Weasley and his two brothers Fred and George. They assaulted me and they dragged me in-”

“Mr. Malfoy!”, McGonagall interrupted him again, “I'm not in the mood for fairy tales.”

“It's the truth”, Draco said angrily.

But it was no use, the old crone didn't believe a word he said. She took a hundred points from Slytherin, gave him several hours of detention and he was to write a four-parchment essay on why peeping at girls on the loo was wrong – and all for something he hadn't actually done! But the absolutely worst part was that Professor McGonagall was going to write a letter to his parents. Draco begged her not to, but she was adamant. His parents were going to kill him!

* * *

Theo was a bit miffed when Draco didn't show up for History of Magic. He could have told him that he was gonna skive class! Theo would have gladly joined him. Instead, Draco had made him sit there all alone with only Crabbe and Goyle for entertainment while Professor Binns droned on and on in his monotone voice. Crabbe had fallen asleep within five minutes after the period had started. His head was leaning back and he was snoring with his mouth open. For a while Theo amused himself by throwing a bunch of every flavour beans he had carefully selected for their especially vile looking color at him and trying to land them in his mouth. Though, after Crabbe had just swallowed one Theo was sure had been shit-flavoured without even waking, that soon got boring. Theo turned back around and started doodling on some scrap parchment instead.

A stickman-Draco was embracing a stickman-Theo and the two were kissing and stickman-Draco got a boner and so did stickman-Theo and they rubbed against each other... Theo blushed when he realized what he was drawing and quickly covered the image with his hands. He nervously looked around, but no one paid him any attention, everybody seemed comatose. He quickly scratched out the images.

Professor Binns still droned on, something about the formation of the Ministry of Magic or something. Theo made the mistake of actually listening for a moment and Professor Binns' voice must have gotten to him, for the next thing he remembered was the ringing of the school bell for lunch. He groggily got up and followed the others to the Great Hall.

Draco wasn't there either. Now Theo actually got a bit worried. He knew Draco had gone to his Arithmancy lesson in the morning, wasn't that near the Gryffindor tower? He looked around for one of Draco's classmates and saw Pansy Parkinson stand near the entrance with some of her friends. “Hey, Pansy!”, he called over to her, “do you know if Draco was in Arithmancy class today?”

“Sure I know, he sat right next to me!”, she answered. Theo didn't like the way she smiled when she said that. She always barged in and tried to sit with them during meals, too. He didn't like that either. And the way she had been fawning over Draco's injured arm all the time had just been disgusting. He smiled at her.

“Did you see where he went after class?”, he asked.

She furrowed her ugly brows. “I don't know.”

“Your classroom is by the Gryffindor tower, right?”

“Yeah, seventh floor, same corridor as the fat lady!”

“Thanks!”

Theo had a bad feeling. He left for the Entrance Hall and ran up the Grand Staircase. Slightly out of breath, he reached the seventh floor and turned towards the Gryffindor tower. He immediately saw Draco, who was standing on the corridor, his eyes downcast, pants wet and Professor McGonagall was with him and seemed to berate him. Theo ran over just when McGonagall turned around to leave. From up close Theo could clearly see that Draco had been crying. He gently put his hand on Draco's shoulder and – after making sure the Professor really was out of earshot – asked: “Hey, hey, what happened? What did the stupid dragon do to you?”

Draco just hugged him and started crying at his chest. His outburst took Theo a bit by surprise, he soothingly patted Draco's back and carefully pushed him behind some armor stand so they weren't in full view of the whole corridor anymore. There, he leaned Draco against the wall, got out his wand and cast a quick cleaning spell on his friend's pants. He allowed Draco to lean against his shoulder again.

“What happened”, he silently repeated his question.

“It was the Weasel!”, Draco sobbed, “my parents are gonna kill me!”

Interrupted by more crying, Draco haltingly told Theo what had happened and how McGonagall had found him and how she didn't believe him and how now he was the one getting punished. Draco was so beat, Theo decided to bring him to their dorms.

He seated Draco on his bed, sat down besides him and put his arm around his shoulders. Draco leaned his head against him again.

The school bell rang. Potions with the Gryffindors was next.

“Want to skip the rest of classes?”, Theo whispered.

Draco just nodded.

They probably would land themselves in even more trouble – it wasn't the brightest idea to skive Professor Snape's lessons – but right then Theo didn't care. He just wanted to be with Draco, to hold him and to comfort him. He only sneaked out to the kitchens to quickly grab them some leftover lunch they could eat in their dorm. They spend the rest of the afternoon together talking. Once Draco had calmed down, he got a lot less cuddly and moved away from Theo slightly. Theo was a bit sad about that and he felt he might have missed a chance to kiss Draco again. He felt really guilty for having such thoughts after what Draco had just gone through.

When evening approached, Draco was a lot better and they decided to go to the Great Hall for dinner after all. The other students they passed on the corridor were acting kind of strange. Blaise winked at Draco, grinned and gave him a thumbs-up when they passed him. The looks a bunch of Ravenclaw girls from their Herbology class gave them were far less favorable.

Theo and Draco sat down at their usual places at the Slytherin table, opposite Crabbe and Goyle.

“You really sneaked into the girl's room? Man, tell us!”, Goyle said instead of a greeting.

Apparently, news of Draco's misadventure had made the rounds.

“I did not”, Draco said plainly.

Crabbe fell in: “Did you get a good look? That was so cool!”

“I said I did not.”

“Oh, come on, do tell us!”, Crabbe begged.

Goyle bend over and asked silently: “You get off watching them take a piss?”

Theo blushed at that question.

“I don't!”, Draco hissed, “and I do not peep at girls either! It was the stupid Weasleys, they ambushed me!”

“He's just embarrassed because he got hexed by a girl!”, Goyle ventured.

“I bet it was a first-year!”, Crabbe sniggered.

“Shut up!”, Draco and Theo said together.

Crabbe and Goyle just laughed even more.

“Told you, it was! He got cursed by a little girl!”, Crabbe snorted.

“Oh, come on, man, we're just joking! You're a hero! Every boy at the school looks up to you!”, Goyle grinned.

“Yeah, did you at least get a good look before she hexed you?”, Crabbe agreed.

Never before had Theo realized how outright disgusting the two imbeciles could be at times. Judging by the look on Draco's face, he thought the same.

“Drop it already”, Theo said, very silent.

Apparently, there was something in his voice that even those two idiots registered. They shut their stupid mouths and Draco and Theo could enjoy a few moments of peace.

Until that bitch Pansy had to barge in.

“Draco, are the rumors true? McGonagall caught you peeping at some Gryffindor girl?”, she asked.

“No”, Draco said curtly.

She grabbed his face and forced him to look up at her.

“That was so naughty!”, she smiled, then her face suddenly turned serious, “if you ever pull a stunt like that on me or my friends, I'm going to kill you!” She smiled again. “Really, peeping at filthy Mudbloods? You need a real girl...”, she trailed off.

The whore was almost smothering Draco with her bosom.

“He said he didn't! Leave him alone already!”, Theo yelled at her.

Pansy laughed at his outburst. “And who're you? His girlfriend?” Theo blushed and she laughed even more. She got over to Theo, bend down and whispered into his ear: “I think your boyfriend is more into real girls!” With an evil laugh, she pressed a wet kiss on Theo's cheek, then she sat down on Draco's other side. Theo eyed her darkly.

* * *

Draco and Theo retreated to their bedroom almost immediately after dinner. Draco hadn't liked the atmosphere in the Common Room, he felt like everybody stared at him. By now everybody knew the story how he had been peeping at girls on the loo and got hexed by a first-year. Nobody believed him when he tried to tell them what really had happened. Nobody but Theo.

The two had just started with the essay they had to write for Transfiguration, when Blaise knocked at the door and came in.

“Letter for you, Draco! From Professor Snape”, he said far too happy.

Draco hesitantly took it. Blaise went back to the door, turned around, grinned even more like a fool and gave Draco another thumbs-up, then he ran out.

“Idiot”, Draco muttered under his breath as he carefully opened the letter like he expected it to explode in his hands.

Theo peered over and tried to read. “How bad?”

“It says I'm to report to Professor Snape's office immediately.”

“Best to not let him wait. At least we'll have detention together”, Theo said and got up.

“The letter only mentions me”, Draco said quietly.

“I skipped his class, too. Maybe he'll go easy on me if I turn myself in. Anyways, I'm not letting you go there alone!”

Theo's words made Draco smile, it felt good to have a friend who stood up for him. Even though he feared Professor McGonagall might have had a word with Professor Snape and this wasn't about skipping class at all, he didn't refuse the company.

The two quickly crossed the common room and got out on the corridor. Professor Snape's office wasn't far away from their dormitories, it was just down the hallway across the one that led to the stairs, right next to the potions classroom. They were about to turn the corner when they almost ran into Potter. Draco angrily stared at him and Potter gloomily looked back, though neither said a word as they went past each other. It was all his fault anyway, stupid Potter and his Weasel friend!

Draco and Theo reached the door to Professor Snape's office and stopped. They exchanged a queasy look, then Draco hesitantly raised his hand and knocked.

Professor Snape opened the door himself. “Mr. Malfoy, come in!”, he said. Snape moved aside to usher him in and Draco saw that his teacher wasn't alone. Draco's father was standing next to the fireplace, leaning on his cane with both hands and not looking happy at all. Draco swallowed hard as he stepped inside.

Theo wanted to follow him, but Snape stopped him. The Professor nodded at Draco's father, then he got out onto the corridor and closed the door behind himself, leaving Draco alone with his dad.

“F-father!”, Draco said, fear creeping into his voice.

“Your mother and I got a letter from your teacher. We are shocked. Your mother is completely distraught”, his dad said. He slowly got over to one of the armchairs by the fireplace and sat down, laying the cane across his lap. “Come over here, son!”, he commanded, emotionless.

Draco knew what he was due for, but he also knew that stalling would only make it worse. He slowly moved. “Dad! I... I can explain!”, he croaked, “I didn't do it! The Weasley brothers set me up!”

The look his father gave him made him shut up.

“You greatly humiliated your mother and me”, he said.

Draco had reached his dad and looked at him, scared.

“Drop your pants!”, his dad ordered.

Draco unbuckled his belt and undid his trousers. He slowly pulled them down to his knees, then his briefs too. He looked at his father again. His dad grabbed the cane.

“Turn towards the wall, bend over and touch your toes!”, came the next command.

Draco turned around. “I'm sorry, dad!”, he said.

“Bend over and touch your toes!”, his father repeated.

Draco did as he was told. The cane hit his buttocks so hard, it drove the air out of Draco's lungs. Draco gasped. His father whacked him again and again. Draco bit his lips to keep from crying out loud.

“NEVER! EMBARRASS! YOUR! MOTHER! AND! ME! LIKE! THAT! AGAIN!” Each word was accompanied by a hit with the cane. Draco started crying and he screamed out his pain. His dad hit so hard, Draco lost his balance. He fell to his knees, but his father kept on thrashing him. Draco's buttocks were on fire, his dad was so furious, he hit him on the back as well. Draco crouched down to the floor, screaming, but the cane kept on raining down on him. Draco didn't even notice he lost control of his bladder and wet himself.

* * *

Theo saw Draco's face drop as he caught sight of Mr. Malfoy. He tried to get in with his friend, but the Professor forced him back outside. Snape got out on the corridor as well and, with a silent nod to Mr. Malfoy, closed the door behind himself, leaving Draco alone with his dad.

Theo looked up at Professor Snape. Timidly, he asked: “Professor?”

Snape remained silent.

Then Theo heard the first slap from inside. And another. And another. Theo's heart dropped. He looked at Snape again, but his teacher was facing away from the door and avoiding eye contact. Theo turned around and faced the opposite wall as well. Draco started screaming. Mr. Malfoy beat Draco again and again, he wouldn't stop hitting him. Theo made his hands to fists, he felt tears well up inside him. He was no stranger to the cane, his dad thought it build character. But he had never beaten him like this!

An especially piercing scream ripped through the air and Theo jerked around sharply. Professor Snape had half turned towards the door as well, and for a second their eyes met. Please, Theo thought, help him! Do something! You're an adult, you have to stop him! He's killing him! Theo almost imagined he saw the same kind of horror in his teacher's eyes and for that tiny moment he actually believed Professor Snape would charge in there and stop Mr. Malfoy. Then the Professor lowered his gaze turned away again. Theo felt something break inside him.

Finally, it stopped and Draco's pained screams turned into an exhausted sobbing. The door opened and Mr. Malfoy dragged Draco out on his collar, depositing him on the floor in-between them.

“Never embarrass your mother and me again like that!”, he said, then he turned to Professor Snape, “Thank you, Severus”, he said, nodded, and turned to leave.

“Lucius”, Professor Snape coldly returned the nod.

Theo rushed to Draco's side. Draco was kneeling on the floor, half-naked and crying. His exposed buttocks were hot red and his skin had burst open in several places. The back of his shirt was bloody, too. Theo hardly knew where to touch Draco for fear of hurting him further.

Snape waited till Draco's dad was out of sight.

“Mr. Nott!”, he ordered, “help Mr. Malfoy into my office!”

Theo winched at his sharp voice. He carefully grabbed Draco in the armpits and helped him stand up. When he was sure that Draco could stand on his own, Theo squatted down to help him with his pants, which still hang around his ankles.

“Don't bother, Mr. Malfoy will only have to remove them again”, Snape stopped him.

But as Theo had reached for the pants, he had noticed that they were wet. He quickly got out his wand and at least cast a cleaning spell on them. Draco eyed him embarrassedly, but Theo didn't say a word. Then Theo got up again and with his help Draco waddled into Professor Snape's office.

The Professor hastily cleared his desk and waved them over. Draco shamefully covered his boyhood with his hands as the Professor looked down at him.

“Help him take off his shirt, then lie him down on the table”, Snape told Theo as he got over to some cabinet by the wall and started rummaging through it.

Draco winched in pain as he rose his arms and Theo pulled his shirt over his head as careful as he could. As he accidentally touched Draco's back, Draco inhaled sharply. “Sorry”, Theo muttered. Draco didn't say a thing.

Once he was undressed, Draco lay down on the table on his chest, exposing his tortured back and bottom. Meanwhile, Professor Snape had unearthed a small pot of salve from the cabinet. He returned to them.

“This will burn a little, but it will help”, he explained.

Draco gasped when the Professor applied the salve to his buttocks and Theo took his hand.

“You OK?”, Theo whispered.

Draco tried to smile, but it became a grimace. He pressed Theo's hand real hard but he didn't make another sound while Professor Snape liberally distributed more of the salve on Draco's bottom and backside. When he was done, they carefully stood Draco up and he dressed again.

Professor Snape looked Draco over. “Mr. Malfoy, you missed my class today. Make sure it doesn't happen again!”, he told him.

“Sorry, Sir. It won't!”, Draco replied quietly.

“Mr. Nott, would you accompany Mr. Malfoy back to your dormitories?”

Theo nodded. Draco grimaced painfully as he tried to move, but with tiny steps he made his way over to the door. Theo opened it for him.

“And Mr. Nott?”, Snape called after him when Theo was just about to get after him, “I seem to remember you were absent as well. Detention tomorrow evening at eight. Bring your cauldron!”

“Yes, Sir”, Theo said, then he quickly slipped out and closed the door.

Theo and Draco slowly walked back to the dorms, Draco tried to act casually, but Theo could see he was still in pain.

“I thought he was gonna beat you to death”, he said queasily.

“I thought so, too”, Draco confessed and stifled a sob, “it's all Potter and Weasley's fault! I hate them!”

* * *

Earlier the same evening Harry was at Professor Snape's office for his detention. Today the Professor had him disembowel horned slugs for tomorrow's first-year potions class. They would need those for their potions to cure boils. There were thirty-one students in that class, which made two full buckets of slugs. Harry sighed and grabbed the next one to slice it open, at least he was getting a hang of it.

He just thought that if he continued at this pace, he might even get out early today, when there was a knock at the door. He looked up from his work and eyed Professor Snape. The Professor rose from his place behind his desk and actually got over to open the door himself.

“Lucius, welcome old friend!”, he greeted his visitor, no other than Lucius Malfoy. Snape shook the man's hand and beckoned him in. Harry had all forgotten about his work, he tensely listened in on the men. What was Malfoy's dad doing at Hogwarts?

“I hope my sudden call didn't inconvenience you too much, Severus”, Mr. Malfoy said. He noticed Harry and stared over at him, barely hidden hatred in his eyes. Harry remembered well how last year the man had lost his temper and tried to kill him after he had tricked him to free Dobby. Only Dobby had saved him back then. The thought send a shiver down his spine.

Snape followed Mr. Malfoy's gaze. “Mr. Potter, that will be all for today, you may go. Come back tomorrow evening!”, he said, “just leave them!”, he added as Harry reached for the slugs to clean up the worktop. Harry put them back down and went over to the sink, the two men watched him in silence as he quickly washed his hands. Then, with another half-scared, half-curious look at the men, Harry slipped out the door. He pretended to close it, but he left it open a creak and tried to listen.

“Close the door behind yourself, Mr. Potter!”, Professor Snape said.

Harry quickly shut the door and fled down the corridor.

He hadn't gotten far when he saw Malfoy Junior and Nott walk down the hallway in the opposite direction. He eyed them warily, but except for the nasty looks they gave him, they left him alone. They turned down the way Harry had just come from and disappeared around the corner. Now Harry really got suspicious, he doubled back and peeked around the corner.

Like he expected, the two walked up to Professor Snape's office and knocked. The Professor opened and let Malfoy in, though then he stepped outside himself and waited there together with Nott. That was strange. Harry wondered what Mr. Malfoy wanted with his son that was so secret. At first he heard nothing, but then the screams started. They send a chill down Harry's back. Even at the distance he could see Nott go pale, too. Harry didn't know what was happening, but it sounded like Mr. Malfoy was killing Draco. He couldn't believe Professor Snape just stood there and did nothing.

Finally, the screaming stopped and Mr. Malfoy stepped out on the corridor, dragging his son after him and callously dropping him on the stone floor. Was that blood on Malfoy's exposed skin? Harry was horrified. Uncle Vernon had mistreated him a lot and he had gone without dinner plenty of times or been locked in his cupboard under the stairs, but his uncle had never beaten him even once. Professor Snape didn't seem to care for Draco's state. Mr. Malfoy nodded at him, Snape nodded back, then without so much as looking at his son Mr. Malfoy turned around to leave.

He quickly strode down the corridor towards where Harry was, so Harry had to retreat in a hurry. He turned and ran all the way up the stairs and didn't stop before he reached the portrait of the fat lady on the seventh floor. Completely out of breath, he gasped the password: “Fortuna Major!” Only when the portrait hole had closed behind him again did he feel save.

*019*2015-02-06 21:09

Thank you both!

Sorry for the long hiatus.

Friday, November 5th

Draco retreated to their bedroom right after dinner again. Theo had joined him, he sat on his bed, reading, while Draco lay on his. Theo looked up from his book and eyed his friend, who was lying on his chest to give his abused rear a rest. In the morning under the showers Draco's ass had been quite pinkish still and even though he tried not to let it show, Draco had had trouble sitting on it all day. At least the lesions were all gone, Professor Snape's healing salve had done wonders for that.

At the thought of the Professor, Theo looked at the clock and quickly got up. He had almost forgotten about his detention!

“You doing OK?”, he asked Draco.

“Sure”, Draco said.

He still sounded a bit down, but he was way better than yesterday. Theo smiled. He went over to the underwater window to the lake and poured himself a glass of water from the big jug that sat on the sill. He gulped it down in one go before he could reconsider. He wasn't thirsty, he just... He wanted to do it himself! He had been fantasizing about it ever since he had seen Draco desperate in potions class, but he never actually dared. Not with all their classmates around as witnesses. But tonight, it would just be him alone. He quickly refilled his glass and drowned it a second time, then he turned around and grabbed his cauldron and school bag.

“I'll be off for detention”, he said.

“Sorry I got you into this”, Draco muttered, “you shouldn't be the one who gets punished!”

“Don't worry!”, Theo grinned.

When he stepped out on the corridor, his eyes fell on the door tot he washroom and his resolve wavered for a second. He kind of had to pee a little already. No, he'd do this today! He turned the other direction and quickly crossed the Common Room.

As he passed their potions classroom on his way to Professor Snape's office, he noticed that the door was open. He was about to walk past it, when he glimpsed inside and saw the Professor sitting at the teacher's desk. Theo stopped and stepped into the classroom instead. Potter was there, too, silently scraping flobberworm mucus or worse residues off the tables.

“Professor?”, Theo asked.

“Ah, Mr. Nott, come in, take your seat! You do know which potion you were supposed to prepare in the lesson you missed?”

Theo went over to his usual table and put down his cauldron on the little stove. He said: “Yes, Sir. Wideeye potion.”

“I assume you did your homework and know how to brew it?”

“Yes, Professor. Six dried billywig stings and four measures of crushed snake fangs mixed with-”

“Thank you, Mr. Nott. Mr. Potter! What important change to the recipe from your book did you learn in class?”

Potter winced involuntarily as he heard his name. He quickly replied: “Boil the potion for a minute before one lets it simmer, Sir. That way the brewing time can be cut in half.”

“Remember to do that, Mr. Nott! I do not intend to spend all night waiting for you to finish”, Professor Snape said. He didn't sound too happy that Potter apparently had gotten it right. Theo grinned, Potter was an ass and just because he was famous the teachers favoured him. Professor Snape was one of the few who saw the snotty brat for what he really was.

“Yes, Sir”, Theo said and went over to the sinks to fill his cauldron. The running water reminded him of his need to pee, it was exciting and terrifying at the same time. He hadn't planned for Potter to be there with him, though.

Theo replaced his cauldron on the stove, then he got the necessary ingredients. He made sure to double-check with the list in his book. Six billywig stings, three snake fangs, two springs of wolfsbane, check. He threw the billywig stings into the cauldron and ignited the fire. While they slowly started to heat up, he mixed the snake fangs with standard ingredient and ground them to a fine powder in his mortar.

Once the brew was boiling, he turned the heat down. he added the crushed ingredients as well and stirred it like the recipe said. Then he had to wait. He looked at the slowly bubbling potion. That was a mistake, for his bladder gave him an angry twinge. He quickly looked away from the liquid. The water was making its way through him even faster than he had expected. Theo eyed the recipe in his book again. It said to let the brew simmer for 95 minutes. Even if he cut that in half as Professor Snape had said, it was still almost an hour! And the potion wasn't even finished then. Theo began to wonder if he could make it through detention. He nervously started to seesaw his legs and looked around in the room.

Professor Snape was immersed in his reading. Some worn looking grimoire, probably on forbidden potions or undetectable poisons or somesuch. Or so Theo imagined. He tried to get a glimpse at the title, but the Professor was covering it with his hand.

Potter was still busily scraping away at the petrified flobberworm mucus.

“You missed a splotch there”, Theo helpfully informed him.

Potter shot him an annoyed glance and continued his work. Theo eyed his brew again, then he looked at the clock. Hardly any time had passed. He felt a spasm from his bladder. He really, really had to piss! He scissored his legs. It was weird, his bladder was so full it almost felt painful, but at the same time it made his member start to get stiffly. Theo had trouble concentrating on anything but the conflicting sensations in his lower abdomen.

“Is Malfoy OK?”

Theo almost jumped at Potter's whispered words. He hadn't noticed the other boy slowly make his way over. Potter was now working on the table one row behind Theo's. Theo sat up straight and tried to stop fidgeting.

He eyed Professor Snape to make sure he was still reading, then he turned around and silently hissed back at Potter: “Yeah, don't worry, your Mudblood friend doesn't hit that hard!” In the morning they had had a little run-in with with Potter and Granger. They had made fun of Draco – like they didn't know exactly how he really had ended up in the girl's bathroom! Especially Granger had acted all lofty and righteous. Draco had told her to shut up and when he had tried to grab her, she actually had slapped him in the face and called him a creep.

“Don't call her that!”, Potter said, “and she had a point!”

They both stared at each other angrily. After an awkward moment of silence, Potter added: “I was talking about last evening. With his dad.”

Theo's heart skipped a beat and he almost let a tiny drip escape into his briefs. He quickly pressed his legs together. Calmly, he said: “No idea what you're talking about, Potter.”

Potter bit his lip. “I saw, OK? Is he alright?”

Theo jumped up and drew his wand. He pointed it right at Potter's face. “It's all your fault!”, he hissed angrily, “are you happy about what you did? Do you have to rub it in? I swear, if you say a word to Draco-”

“Mr. Potter! Mr. Nott!”, Professor Snape's sharp voice interrupted him, “I suggest you let Mr. Nott work in peace, Mr. Potter!”

“Sorry, Sir!”, they both said. Theo slowly lowered his wand and sat back down. He could feel he had dampened his briefs a tiny bit.

“I just felt sorry for him”, Potter muttered, “if you're such an ass about it, I regret I even asked!”

They exchanged another long, loathing stare, then Theo made a point of turning back around and focusing on his brew again while Potter continued his work in silence.

Staring at the lazily bubbling liquid brought Theo's thoughts back on his current issues. He surreptitiously moved a hand down and grabbed himself. He moaned silently. Merlin, he was getting hard for real! He felt the little wetness of his briefs against his skin and it turned him on even more. Theo secretly eyed Potter, the ass had made his way to a row of desks further in the back. Theo's eyes wandered to the Professor. Engrossed in his reading again.

Theo fidgeted. He eyed the clock. Still ten minutes to go before he could take his brew off the stove. Maybe he could let out just a little squirt to ease the pressure a bit? Just enough to dampen his briefs some more. He eyed Professor Snape again. The thought of deliberately peeing himself right in front of him and Potter felt exciting. Terrifying. But really exciting!

He shifted around a bit on his seat and made sure again that neither of the two was watching him. Then he tried to relax. His bladder felt like it was bursting, yet he had trouble to let go. He tried to push. Suddenly, he felt a small squirt get out. Panicky, he immediately stopped the flow.

His briefs hardly felt any wetter. Theo looked down, nothing showed on his trousers yet. He closed his eyes and relaxed again. Another squirt escaped, longer this time. The wetness spread to his butt and Theo quickly forced himself to stop. His bladder spasmed fiercely in protest, he doubled over and groaned silently, but he managed. Peeing a little almost had made him have to go even worse!

Once the pain subsided, he quickly sat up again. Neither the Professor not Potter seemed to have noticed a thing. Theo worriedly looked down. His trousers didn't show any wetness in the crotch, but he was afraid he might have soaked their back a little. Fuck, his briefs felt really damp! He had a full-on erecting right now.

He turned off the stove and threw the wolfsbane sprigs into his cauldron. He didn't really care if he had waited long enough. A few counter-clockwise stirs and a wave of his wand and the brew turned a greenish-turquoise hue. Theo eyed his textbook. That was probably right.

“Professor Snape?”, he asked, “I'm done!”

The Professor put the grimoire aside and came over. He critically examined the potion.

“It's acceptable”, he finally decided, “I expect more from you, Mr. Nott! Go clean up you things!”

“Yes Sir! Sorry, Sir!”, Theo said.

He made sure his robe covered any possible wetness on his trousers as he got up, then he dumped the content of his cauldron into the sink. He felt another small squirt escape into his pants and he desperately pressed his legs together. He quickly rinsed the cauldron – which was pure agony. Then he ran back to his desk and stuffed his things into his school bag.

“All done, Sir! May I go now?”, he asked, trying not to jump from one foot to the other too obviously.

“You may. Mr. Potter, you can finish for today as well!”, Professor Snape said.

Theo hastily walked out. The second he had passed the door and was out of sight, he started running. He made a beeline for the bathroom across the hallway and burst inside. He dropped his school bag and cauldron on the floor and rushed over to the urinal, pulling down his trousers and his damp briefs while he ran. Then he started peeing. He was wetting so forceful, the jet splattered loudly on the porcelain. His erection made it hard to aim.

Theo silently moaned. He couldn't believe he had been able to hold in so much pee. It felt like he pissed for an eternity.

Finally, his bladder had fully emptied and his stream ran dry. Theo examined his trousers and like he had feared, the back was a little wet. He got out his wand and cast a quick cleaning charm on them. Then he pointed the wand at his briefs, but he hesitated. After a moment of deliberation, he just pulled them up wet as they were. They didn't feel hot any more like they had right after he had peed them but a bit clammy already and they clung to his skin. Theo closed his eyes and felt over the wet fabric with his hand, rubbed it against his stiff member. Another moan escaped him, louder this time. It felt so naughty!

He quickly pulled up his trousers over the wet briefs and went over to the sinks to wash his hands. He carefully examined his butt in the mirror to make sure the briefs didn't soak through the trousers, then he grabbed his stuff and left.

*020*2015-02-09 21:01

Saturday, November 6th

Draco was still a bit down and he tried to avoid his schoolmates. Especially today. Everybody talked about the Quidditch game. And on top of everything else, it was his fault Slytherin wasn't playing and Gryffindor would face Hufflepuff instead. So he really was not in the mood to go watch the match. His ass still hurt, too, and he wasn't keen on sitting on a wooden bench in that dreadful weather out there for hours on end either.

Theo was the only one who wasn't either still mad at him or wanted to ridicule him, so Draco was quite happy he chose to stay as well and keep him company. Once everyone else had left the two sneaked up the top of the Astronomy Tower and made themselves comfortable in the Astronomy classroom. No one would bother them up there, everyone was at the Quidditch match, it was almost like they had the entire castle all for themselves. Besides, no one usually came up here outside classes anyways – technically, they weren't exactly allowed to be here either. Just to make extra sure, Theo had cast a ward on the door.

They lay down on the floor right by the big window. Usually they would have had a phenomenal view of the castle grounds and the forbidden forest, but with the storm that was raging on outside, they could hardly see all the way to the Quidditch pitch. The tempest was almost an even more impressive sight. They could almost imagine the tower quaking under its onslaught, the angry wind howling around it and rain constantly hammering against the big window. Draco shuddered, the downpour made him have to pee. Maybe it wasn't so bad they weren't playing today after all, he really didn't want to be out there on his broom. Potter probably was soaked to his bones already, there was no way he'd even see the snitch, let alone catch it in that dreadful weather!

Theo put his arm around Draco's shoulders, and Draco let it happen.

“So you send an owl to your parents this morning?”, Theo asked.

“Yeah, to my mom. To... explain things”, Draco said.

“Think she'll believe you?”

“I don't know. Dad probably still wants to kill me.”

Theo inched closer and snug up to Draco. He suggested: “You can always hide out at my place till they've calmed down.”

Draco chuckled.

“Seriously!”, Theo said, “say, umh, I wanted to ask... wanna spend Christmas at my place? My dad is working all the time, he doesn't care what we do. We'd practically have the house all for ourselves. It'd be great!”

He looked so nervous as he asked.

“That sounds kinda cool”, Draco admitted and pressed a kiss on Theo's lips. Theo's eyes grew wide in surprise, then he hugged Draco and eagerly kissed him back. “It's agreed then!”, he said as their lips finally parted for a moment again.

“I have to ask my parents first”, Draco cautioned, “I should probably wait for my mom's answer first.”

Theo gently pushed Draco over so he came to lay on his back and crawled on top of him. Draco's bladder twitched in protest as Theo unintentionally pressed down on it. Draco had had to pee for a while, but it felt so good to have Theo cuddled up to him and he hadn't wanted to get up. It didn't help that Theo was leaning on his stomach, though.

Theo tried to kiss him again, the real naughty kind with tongue. Draco pushed him away a little. “You sure the door is locked?”, he asked while he wiggled around a bit, trying to find a position where Theo's thigh wasn't firmly planted in his lower abdomen.

“Yeah, absolutely sure!”, Theo said and pressed his lips against Draco's again. Draco opened his mouth to let his tongue in. Theo snug even closer to Draco as they continued to kiss and Draco put his arms around Theo's shoulders.

After a very long time, their lips finally parted again. “Theo?”, Draco asked softly.

“Yeah?”, Theo smiled.

“Can you get off me for a second? I gotta pee.”

“Just hold it”, Theo murmured.

“I can't! I have been for the last hour. Come on, move!”

“Don't wanna.”

“Come on, you're pressing down on my bladder!”

Theo drew even closer and shifted his legs around a bit, pushing on Draco's lower abdomen even more. “No.”

Draco groaned. “Stop it! I'm gonna piss my pants!” His bladder spasmed and he panicky moved a hand down, but Theo caught it.

“Just do it then!”, he said.

“WHAT?”, Draco asked.

Theo gently, but firmly forced Draco's hand back up. He faced Draco and softly repeated: “I said: Do it! We can clean up afterward easy enough.”

Draco gasped as Theo leaned down on his bladder even more. “Don't!”, he whined, horrified, “I'll loose it for real!” He squirmed as he felt a first drip dampen his briefs. “Please! It'll get all over you, too!”

“I don't mind. Just let go!”, Theo cooed and pressed a kiss on Draco's lips as he pushed down on him even more.

Draco moaned, his bladder spasmed so madly. Another squirt escaped into his briefs, then suddenly his floodgates fully gave way. He tried to stop it, but he just couldn't. He felt the hot piss surge into his pants, it felt so good, Draco shuddered as he forcefully started to piss himself.

The wetness seeped through his trousers within seconds and spread around him, he was mortified at what was happening. He closed his eyes, too ashamed to look at his friend, but too relieved to stop peeing.

After an eternity, when his bladder finally had fully emptied and he had long since stopped wetting, Draco dared to open his eyes again to face Theo. Theo hadn't said a single word still, he hadn't drawn away either. He was just looking down on Draco, smiling softly. Draco croaked: “I'm sorry! I-I warned you!”

He wiggled around under Theo awkwardly. Then he felt it.

“Man, you got a stiffie?”, he asked.

Theo blushed heavily. “Sorry. That... that was kinda hot!”

“You're weird!”

“Good weird or bad weird?”, Theo asked, cautious.

“Weird weird!”, Draco decided.

They both grinned, and Theo kissed him again. Theo's hand wandered down to Draco's wet pants. Draco gasped as he felt the touch, but he didn't stop Theo as the hand first unbuttoned his trousers and then slid into his briefs.

*022*2015-02-13 18:03

Well, that's a lucky coincidence then. The next chapter has more Theo naughtiness. Enjoy!

Thursday, November 11th

The other students were still talking behind Draco's back, so he wasn't too unhappy about the extra assignment Professor Snape had given him. Theo had to do some work of his own and they couldn't hang out like usual. The assignment gave Draco an excuse to hide in the library where few people bothered him. Though, of cause, when he arrived know-it-all Granger was sitting at a table in the front to announce to all the world what a diligent and hardworking Mudblood she was. She gave him the stink eye, did she think he was stalking her or something? Ridiculous!

Draco ignored her and approached Madam Pince to hand her his permission slip for the restricted section. She took the note from him and held it to the light to examine Professor Snape's signature, like she was convinced it had to be a forgery. It passed her test however, and she grudgingly returned the note to him.

“Wait here!”, she instructed and went to fetch his book for him.

While he waited, Draco eyed Granger, she was still staring at him. He grimaced back at her.

Madam Pince returned and handed a copy of Moste Potente Potions to him. “Here you are, boy. Be careful with that!”

“Thanks”, Draco muttered. He wasn't sure which she was referring to, the contents of the book or the book itself. Probably both. He looked over to Granger again. “Can I borrow it?” Somehow, the quiet of his bedroom seemed way more comfortable than the library with Granger's constant stare burning in his neck.

Madam Pince looked like she had bitten into an especially sour lemon. “You may”, she said.

Every time Draco dared to ask to borrow a book, she treated him like a criminal, even though he had never done anything to deserve her scorn. He was no ill-bred Mudblood who ripped out pages or doodled all over them! And he had dutifully returned every book he had borrowed – not always exactly on time maybe, but never even a single dogear on a page! He signed for Moste Potente Potions and quickly slipped out before she could change her mind.

Back in his room, he lay down on his bed and opened the book. He wasn't really in the mood to begin with his essay, besides, this treasure in his hands was a book full of forbidden potions! So, naturally, he had to study it at length. He looked over the table of contents – everything sounded interesting, so he just started to browse.

In truth, none of the potions in Moste Potente Potions were forbidden for real, they were more like really complicated and dangerous if done wrong. Still exciting. And Merlin, there were quite a few more than dangerous ones among them! Of cause, they weren't identified as poisons per se, but Draco wasn't stupid. Often, the only difference between a potent healing potion and a deadly poison was the dosage. Professor Snape always went to great lengths to warn them about the adverse effects of getting this or that part of a recipe wrong or of making some brew too strong. Only, what if you didn't do it by accident? Draco had long realized that the Professor used this loophole to teach his less daft students about poisons right under that do-gooder Dumbledore's nose. The potions in Moste Potente Potions were very potent indeed and they all came with a long list of warnings. One just had to read it right to learn about the potential.

For a while Draco indulged in the fantasy of killing Potter and the Weasel with one of the especially slow poisons – and watch them in their agony. He grinned and skipped ahead a few more pages. There were a lot of advanced and very interesting poisons in this book! Very interesting, and possibly useful for revenge. Of cause he didn't actually intend to kill the two assholes – humiliate certainly, maim maybe, but not murder... probably – but not every brew was only useful for its nasty side effects and not every nasty side effect was outright deadly.

Polyjuice potion for example. That one sounded interesting. Maybe he could disguise himself as some Mudblood and sneak into the Gryffindor dormitories to... to what? Win a duel against all Gryffindors at once? He shrugged off the thought and looked at the potion on the next page. Laxative potion. Strong laxative. He giggled. Somehow, even the intended effect of that brew sounded like a hilarious curse to him. It was followed by a diuretic potion. Fuck, they had made him wet his pants so often, he'd SO get back at them with that for real! In a way, he was already being punished for allegedly poisoning Potter, so why not? It even warned never to take the potion undiluted for it was very potent. Perfect! Just perfect!

The only downside was that he didn't have all of the ingredients. But he knew Professor Snape had a supply for his advanced classes, Draco would somehow have to sneak them out of his office. That was a minor problem. “Minor” as in “excruciatingly painful death” if he got himself caught, but that just meant he mustn't let the Professor catch him, right?

* * *

Theo breathlessly rushed into the library, he was late. Of cause, Granger was already there, and she didn't look too happy. He quickly got over to her. They were supposed to give a presentation on why Muggles needed electricity together for Muggle studies. Teamed up with a Mudblood. For a presentation on Muggles. Theo probably should have considered himself fortunate for scoring the easiest 'Outstanding' in his life. If only know-it-all Granger weren't already insufferable when she merely thought she knew better than anyone else. She was worse when she actually did.

He sat down besides her and smiled: “Hi, sorry I-”

“You're late”, she cut him off instead of a greeting.

Their truce-like relationship had cooled off considerably since that incident with Draco.

“I'm sorry”, Theo said meekly. He reminded himself that it was Granger and her friends who were in the wrong here.

“What is it with you boys always putting off work?”

“I already got through all the articles Professor Burbage gave us”, Theo huffed. He showed her the newspaper clippings. “Here, I underlined the important parts. I think those two are the most useful for our presentation. That one is about the dangers of electricity, I really don't get how Muggles can survive with all that.”

Granger hardly glanced at the clippings. “I thought maybe we should start our presentation with some the most common misconceptions witches and wizards have about electricity and then we would explain how it really works.”

“What? Why? What misconceptions?”

She eyed the newspaper stories again. “Theodore, what do you actually know about electricity?” She had begun to call him by his given name some time ago, and though he made a point of continuing to address her with her surname, she stubbornly refused to get the message.

“Well”, Theo said hesitantly. Not much, if he was completely honest. “Well”, he repeated, “there are different kinds of electricity?” That he knew for a fact. Once a man had come to their house, who had wanted to sell them some new kind of electricity, he had even left Theo a brochure on it for his dad. Theo hadn't really gotten what made this new kind different, but apparently it was somehow better and cheaper than the old one. Probably made electric things run smoother or something. The pictures in the brochure hadn't moved, though. Theo suspected it had been electric, too, and that was why it didn't work at their home. “And Muggles are really dependent on it. Since they know no magic, they have to run everything on electricity. But it is a bad substitute. It is really complicated to get it to work properly. Electricity breaks real easy, too. Like, residual magic can break it. Or just bad weather... I think?”

Granger sighed.

Theo back-pedaled: “I mean, you probably know way more about those things, being a Mudblood and all... Merlin! I'm sorry, I didn't-”

“Mudblood and proud of it!”, Granger said aloud.

“I didn't mean to say that! I'm really sorry!”, Theo tried to hush her.

“But I am a Mudblood, am I not?”, she asked.

“Don't call yourself that, OK? It's... demeaning. A-anyways, since you know better about it... what's wrong with those articles?”

“For starters, they're all written by wizards.”

“Yeah?”, Theo agreed, unsure what her problem was.

“Maybe they should have asked a Muggle instead or at least a Mudblood.”

Theo winced at the word. “But, look, this one is even written by your friend's dad, he's an expert on Muggles, isn't he?”

“Mr. Weasley can't even spell 'electricity' right”, Granger pointed out.

Theo had wondered about that. In fact, he had been a bit worried that this 'eckeltricity' stuff Mr. Weasley kept on talking about in his article might have been something entirely different from the subject of their essay. He asked: “So, what do you suggest we should base our presentation on instead?”

He had hoped to give Granger some pause with that question, but she only seemed to have waited for it. She said: “Here, I asked my parents to send me my old elementary school science book.”

She got a rather strange book from her bag and showed it to Theo. It was quite thin and it said “Physics” on the cover in multi-coloured letters over some equally colourful pictures. Granger opened it and skipped through the pages until she apparently had found the chapter she was looking for. The inside was illustrated with many pictures and drawings as well though none seemed to move – maybe they were electric – and there was surprisingly little text. The pages were strange, too. Of cause, Theo knew what paper was, several of the Muggle-born students used paper writing pads, but he had rarely seen a book made of it.

“It's actually quite easy”, Granger interrupted his bemused observations, then she started to speak in utter gibberish. She pointed at this diagram or that drawing while she talked about batteries and electric circuits and light bulbs and magnets and... Theo's head started to spin. He honestly tried to follow her explanations and it actually sounded kind of fascinating. There were certain rules to how electricity worked, so much he got, just like there were with magic. Only, unlike magic, he didn't understand those rules one bit!

Granger continued to talk. And talk. And talk. Theo's eyes started to glaze over. He groaned silently. That girl loved to hear her own voice! She was in the middle of some lengthy speech about batteries, when Theo tried to interrupt her for what was about the third time: “Umh, Granger?”

She just droned on. He half-suspected she wouldn't even notice if he quickly got up to go to the loo, but that would be rude. Louder, he repeated: “Granger!”

“I thought, maybe we could even build a lemon battery for demonstration. What do you think?”, she said.

“A what?”, Theo asked, confused.

“Lemon battery. If you put two pieces of metal in a lemon, you can power a small electric light with it”, she explained matter-of-factly.

“Dragon shit!”, Theo said, “that's not a battery!”

“Honestly, you can build a battery from a lemon, look!” She pointed at a picture of two halved lemons with some wires sticking out of them. “We build one in Muggle elementary school.”

Theo eyed the picture suspiciously, he still was half convinced Granger was pulling his leg. “I guess. Why don't you write that down while I quickly go to the loo-”

He was already halfway up, but she grabbed his arm. “Oh no, you don't!”, she said resolutely, “Ron and Harry always play the same trick on me! You'll be gone forever and I'll end up doing all the work by myself!” She went on about how they were supposed to do their assignment together and how this was a unique opportunity to present both views on the subject... and mostly on how boys were foolish and lazy oafs and how she had had it with them and their tricks and wouldn't put up with any more ruses to get out of work. Theo wasn't quite sure if he should feel more sorry for her or for Potter and Weasley.

He sat back down. He actually had to pee, but he told himself it wasn't that urgent and he could hold it a while longer. Granger WAS a bit scary when she got angry. And he really didn't have to go THAT urgent.

He obediently got a piece of parchment and copied down the instructions on how to build a lemon battery. One lemon. Light emitting diode. Wires. Two metal e-l-e-c-t-r-o-d-e-s (Theo made sure to spell the word right. Apparently, Mr. Weasley was correct and there were different kinds of electricity after all). Granger insisted on them being made from two specific, different metals. Theo considered it mostly superstition, but her textbook said so, too, so he made a note of them being copper and zinc.

They continued to plan what else to do in their presentation. Theo ended up mostly writing down what Granger said, though she occasionally did ask for his input. It usually ended up in the “common misconceptions wizards have about electricity”-category. Theo was a bit irked by that, but on the other hand Granger by far didn't know everything about electricity either. It was actually quite fun to see her first dismissively trash his questions to then watch her grasp for words herself and bury her head in that Muggle textbook on a search for an explanation.

Time flew by, and soon Theo was on his third piece of parchment. They would have to cut out some of their examples if they even wanted to have time left for the actual topic of their presentation. He was kind of getting desperate for the loo, though. He had had an extra glass of pumpkin juice for lunch and hadn't been to the bathroom since. He started to nervously rock his knee. His bladder felt so full! Of cause, he could just have told Granger that he really needed the loo and went at any time. But in a strange way it had turned him on when the bossy girl had denied him the bathroom and in his mind it had become some weird game between them.

As his need grew, he was increasingly unable to focus on their work, but he didn't say a word, fantasizing about Granger refusing him his much needed relief. Granger noticed his inattentiveness and got quite irritated, again launching into a tirade about lazy boys. Her bad temper fit in well with Theo's imaginary scenario.

He silently moaned and bend over at an especially bad twinge from his lower abdomen. His left hand wandered down to his crotch to give himself an urgently needed squeeze. Merlin, he was getting hard again!

“Are you even listening?”, Granger fumed, “you're as bad as Ron! Why do I always end up doing you boys' work for you?”

Theo's bladder spasmed and a small squirt escaped into his briefs. He gasped and desperately pressed his legs together. Suddenly, he realized that he was about to loose it for real. Right there. It felt like the most terrifying and at the same time the most exciting thing that could possibly happen to him. Then his brain started working again. He couldn't have a real accident in public! Staggering, Theo got to his feet. Granger was still complaining about the Weasel's short attention span or something. “Sorry, I really gotta go to the bathroom!”, he muttered. He ignored Granger's protest and, his hand pressed to his groin, quickly made his way over to the exit.

Luckily, there was a boy's room just across the hallway, Theo ran over and burst inside. The sight of the row of urinals made his bladder twitch and he felt another squirt dampen his already quite wet briefs some more. Theo made a step towards the urinals and panicky fumbled with his belt, then he stopped. Jumping in place, he turned around to the toilet stalls to make sure he really was alone. None was occupied. Theo bit his lip, then he made a decision and hobbled over to the nearest stall. With a sigh, he pushed the door shut behind himself.

Then he removed the hand that was still firmly pressed to his groin and looked down at himself. He felt like he was bursting, yet it was surprisingly difficult to overcome years of training and just let go. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He slowly exhaled and tried to relax. Suddenly, he felt the hot wetness seep through his briefs and spread on his chest all the way up to his navel. He gasped. His stiff member was pointing straight up.

Once he had started, he wouldn't have been able to close his floodgates again even if he had tried. The piss soaked the bottom half of his shirt and the front of his pants, began to run down his legs and into his shoes. His trousers turned a glittering dark with wetness. It reached the bottom of his pants legs and gushed out, pooling around his feet. Theo tried to slow down his stream so the fabric had more time to soak it all up. He felt that kind of sensation like he was about to cum right as he was peeing.

Theo moaned aloud. He got a little dizzy and had to lean against the cubicle wall. Panting, he let the last of his piss flow out of him. Merlin's knickers! He had never come before without even touching himself!

When he had caught his breath, he looked down at his completely soaked trousers. He shifted around a bit to savour the feeling, but the piss was cooling off fast and his pants were already getting clammy. Theo sighed.

Then he remembered that Granger was probably already impatiently waiting for his return. For a second he had the horrible vision of her storming into the boy's room to drag him back to work, wet trousers and all. He hurriedly cast a cleaning spell on himself and vanished the puddle on the floor, then he stepped over to the sinks to wash his hands and quickly got out of the loo.

A surprisingly meek Granger greeted him back in the library: “Sorry, I didn't realize you actually had to go bad. Why didn't you say so?”

Theo just silently sat down besides her again. Of cause, his pants were completely dry now, but just knowing what he had done in them not a minute ago made running around in these trousers feel so wicked! Theo's member was still stiff as a board. A silent moan escaped him as he nervously shifted around in his chair, overwhelmed by the feeling of complete naughtiness. Granger eyed him, confused and already growing impatient again. Theo quickly composed himself.

He couldn't really concentrate on their work anymore, though, and finally a somewhat irritated Granger gave up and they decided to finish their presentation the next day.

*023*2015-02-15 15:46

Sorry, not much omorashi in this chapter, but I promise the next one will make up for it.

Friday, November the 12th

Draco had spend most of the evening thinking over his idea and by morning he had it all figured out. He just needed Theo's help.

Like usual, Theo went to the loo before their potions lesson, and made sure Draco went with him. Draco was still a bit embarrassed that Theo would remind him of his bathroom needs, though today he followed him in without complains. Once inside, Theo immediately headed for the urinals, but Draco cornered him. He grabbed him by his arm and shoved him into one of the cubicles, pushing him against the wall.

“You're not normally that eager!”, Theo grinned, surprised, “I really gotta piss, you know? I haven't been to the loo since yesterday evening”, then he pressed a passionate kiss on Draco's lips. Draco could feel Theo's stiffie through his pants.

“Like that doesn't turn you on even more, you little pervert!”, he whispered and returned the kiss, but when Theo's hands wandered down and tried to get into Draco's trousers, he quickly grabbed them and forced them away.

“Wait!”, he grinned, “there is something I wanted to ask you. I need you to do me a real big favour!”

Theo's naughty hands went back to Draco's pants.

“Not that kind of favour!”, Draco laughed and tried to catch them.

“OK, I'll do it!”, Theo grinned and kissed him again.

“Don't you want to know what it is first?”

“No”, Theo purred. When had those bad hands unbuckled Draco's belt?

“I need you to help me break into Professor Snape's office.”

That sobered Theo up alright. “Have you gone completely insane?”, he spluttered, “no way!”

“Look, I've worked it all out! We ask Professor Snape for some volunteer work to improve our grades and earn some extra house points“, Draco explained, “and then you distract him so I can sneak into his office unnoticed. I just need some potion ingredients, I'll be only a second!”

“You are mad!”, said Theo. Strong words from someone who enjoyed peeing his pants.

“Well, do you want that Granger Mudblood get a better grade than you again this year?”

“No, my dad would skin me”, Theo admitted, “but that's not the point! Merlin's pants, Snape will kill us both and then he gets us in detention for all eternity!”

“You already promised”, Draco pointed out.

“No way, I'm not suicidal!”

“Fine, I'm doing it on my own then!”, Draco said angrily and turned around.

“Wait-”, Theo begged and embraced him from behind.

Draco brushed off Theo's arms and marched out of the cubicle. He turned towards the door.

“Wait!”, Theo repeated urgently and made a step after him, then he abruptly stopped, crossed his legs and grabbed himself. “Dragon dung!”, he muttered and hurriedly shuffled over to the urinal just as Draco stepped out on the corridor. Grinning to himself, Draco went over to the classroom and sat down at his usual place in the row behind Crabbe and Goyle. “Morning”, he said. The two turned around and happily greeted him. Draco had refused to let them copy his potions homework for a whole week – it had done wonders to reduce the two to their proper deferential state again. Neither of them would even mention the incident on the girl's toilet anymore, though Draco was still a bit pissed and considered withholding his homework for another week.

Theo joined them and sat down besides Draco. “I'm sorry”, he murmured. When Draco didn't reply, Theo shut up as well, which was just fine by Draco. If the traitor wouldn't help, Draco sure didn't need to hear his yammering.

They spend the lesson working in silence, occasionally catching each other at staring at the other, both pretending to be mad. Even so, Professor Snape praised the quality of their potion, which was a sign of how good a team the two had become.

Still, Draco was surprised that Theo got up as well and fell in besides him when after class he approached the teacher's desk. “What do you want?”, Draco silently hissed at him.

“I'm not letting you do this”, Theo whispered back.

Then they both fell silent as the Professor had noticed them. “Mr. Malfoy, Mr. Nott, can I help you?”

If that snitch wanted to rat him out, let him! Draco was not going to back down! He said: “Professor, I wanted to ask if maybe you had some extra work I could help with outside class-”

“That both of us could help with!”, Theo interrupted him.

“That we both could help with”, Draco agreed with a mistrustful glance at his friend, “to improve our grades and to earn some of the house points back that I lost.”

Professor Snape looked them over sceptically. “You two gentlemen are volunteering for extra work?”, he asked. Draco thought the Professor really didn't have to sound that cynical about the suggestion. Sure, it wasn't exactly common for either of them to step forward like this, but still!

“Yes, Sir.”

The Professor thought about it for a moment. He ventured: “Professor Sprout is running low on fertilizer. You could help brew some for her.”

Theo grimaced, though he nodded his agreement just as Draco did.

“Good. Report to the potions lab in the afternoon – and bring your gloves!”

* * *

After their last lesson of the day – Defense Against the Dark Arts, which they both kind of liked, though now that Professor Lupin was back, they only learned about dull stuff again, not exciting things like werewolves, and Draco and Theo both missed Professor Snape – the two made their way down to the dungeons.

Theo had been trying to talk Draco out of his plan all day.

“Look, I'm doing this with out without your help!”, Draco told him, “are you gonna rat on me or not?”

“Of cause I won't!”, Theo said, hurt.

“So you're gonna help me then”, Draco decided.

Theo looked at him darkly, though he gave up on trying to change Draco's mind. If Draco absolutely had to get himself into life-long detention, so be it, but he was not going to help him with that!

Professor Snape awaited them in their classroom, he had already prepared two big cauldrons in the front of the room.

“Ah, Mr. Malfoy, Mr. Nott, there you are. You can begin right away!”, he greeted them, “I assume you remember how to make dragon dung fertilizer?”

“Yes, Sir”, the two said, less than thrilled.

The Professor had Theo come to the blackboard. Then he made Draco recite the recipe while Theo noted it down. It was easy enough. Stew some mandrake. Add more water and seven parts of dragon dung, put in a sloth brain and two rat spleens. Slightly toast a dragonfly thorax over the fire before you add it. Constantly stir while the mix cooks. Try not to choke on the smell. Take off the heat when it becomes gooey.

“Well, you have everything here you need”, Professor Snape pointed at the prepared reagents on the teacher's desk and a huge barrel in the corner, “Your recipe was for size two cauldrons, these are size eight, so you will have to to use four times the amount for the reagents!”

“Yes, Professor.”

Professor Snape made them correct the numbers on the blackboard – the Professor had to deal with Mudblood Gryffindors and other imbeciles all the time, so he occasionally forgot that some of his students actually could count – but once he was sure they had their numbers right, he told them to get going.

They began with the mandrake. While it stewed, they prepared the other ingredients. At last, they put on their gloves and went to weigh up the dragon dung. Its awful stink filled the room the second Theo lifted the barrel's lid.

“Thank you so much for this experience”, he whispered to Draco while he shoveled twenty-eight pounds of dragon dung in the vat they had placed on the scales.

“I didn't force you to come!”

“Yeah.”

Together, they carried the vat over to the first cauldron and lifted it up to dump the vile contents into the boiling water. Then they repeated the process for the second batch – Theo insisted that this time the rewarding task of filling the vat fell to Draco.

Professor Snape made sure they prepared the correct amount of each ingredient, but he apparently was just as keen as Theo and Draco to oversee the whole procedure. He hardly waited until they had filled the second cauldron with dragon dung, when he asked if they had any more questions about the brew. Since neither of them did, the Professor informed them that he had some urgent business to attend to elsewhere but that he would be back shortly. In the meantime they should fetch Professor Sprout from the teachers' lounge if there were any problems. He hardly waited for their nods before he was out of the room.

“Great!”, Draco immediately seized the opportunity, “keep a lookout at the door!”

“No! You're going to get us both into real big trouble!”, Theo said, alarmed.

Draco didn't listen, he just went over to the door to Professor Snape's office. He tried the handle without success, then he bowed down to inspect the lock. He got out his wand.

“You're mad! What if it's got a ward on it!”, Theo hissed.

“Alohomora!”, Draco exclaimed as he pointed his wand at the lock. It audibly clicked. “Just warn me if the Professor gets back!”, he said with a grin and tried the handle again, this time the door opened and he quickly slipped inside.

“No!”, Theo cried after him, but it was to no avail, “dragon dung”, he muttered. He angrily stared at the passageway, then he went over to the entrance to keep a lookout after all. What else was he to do?

Draco took his sweet time while Theo was sweating blood from worry. He constantly ran to stir the cauldrons and back to his lookout post at the door again. Finally, Draco reappeared. He silently closed the office door behind him and cast a locking spell on it, then he ran over to his school bag to stuff some dried plants into it.

He grinned: “Got everything!”

“You're completely insane! Isn't that Aconite? That's highly poisonous! What do you even need Wolfsbane for?”, Theo huffed.

“Oh come on, everything went according to plan!”, Draco said smugly, gleefully he explained: “I'm gonna get back at Potter. I'm-”

“You know what, I changed my mind. I don't want to know!”, Theo interrupted him.

“I'm not gonna hurt him for real or anything”, Draco muttered, defensively.

“I don't want to know.”

Theo was done arguing. This was getting insane and he didn't want anything to do with it. Draco looked at him almost disappointed, like Theo was the mad one. They continued their work in silence.

After an hour or so, just when the dragon dung fertilizer was starting to thicken, Professor Snape returned accompanied by Professor Sprout. Snape asked them if there had been any problems. “No, Sir”, they quickly said.

Theo felt awfully guilty. He nervously watched the Professor as he went over to unlock the door to his office and disappeared inside. Theo just knew there had been a ward and they were in deep dragon shit up to their necks. A moment later Professor Snape emerged from his office again with a pair of gloves in his hands. He put them on and went over to inspect their brews. He hadn't noticed anything amiss! Theo just stared at him, he couldn't believe their luck.

“Stop looking so guilty!”, Draco silently hissed, “are you trying to give us away?”

Theo quickly looked down, but the Professors either hadn't taken any notice or they thought it was the stench of the fertilizer that had made Theo look so queasy.

Once the brews had become completely gooey, they turned off the fires and the Professors enchanted the two cauldrons with a levitation charm. Snape pointed out to Professor Sprout that Theo and Draco had volunteered to help out. Professor Sprout looked surprised, though she thanked them both for their hard work. She told them this would reflect well on their Herbology grades, then she turned around and left, the stinking cauldrons lazily floating after her.

Professor Snape didn't bother with a thanks. He made them clean up the classroom and when they were done he just told them that they were free to leave. At least he was only his normal grouchy self and hadn't caught them. Theo thought them more than lucky for that.

