Tales of a Desperate Farmer (Stardew Valley Fanfiction)

Author: DesperateFarm

*000*2024-04-28 15:48

{Hello! I feel like it's finally time to share my stories on here. Just hoping the reception is nice. 🤞}

{But before we dive in, some disclaimers:

1) The protagonist in all these fics is the farmer, who is referred to by the second person ("you"). This was done mainly to avoid needing to gender the farmer as much as possible. You can insert yourself in this fic, or you can insert an OC. It is also because of this that certain descriptions may be left very vague. For example, I never specify if the farmer character sits or stands to pee. That's for your imagination to decide.

2) For the sake of having an easier time coming up with excuses as to why this farmer character can't just use any bathroom, I gave this farmer paruresis. I do NOT suffer from paruresis myself, so I apologize if anything I ever write about it feels ingenuine or unrealistic. If you have experience with it and wish to leave some feedback, I will welcome it.

3) My native language is not English, so I apologize if anything is written kind of weird. I also accept feedback on this.

4) Up to this date, all fics I have saved up are from before the 1.6 update of the game. If I can come up with ways to include 1.6 elements into these stories, then I will. In such cases, I will add a 1.6 Spoiler Warning at the top of the chapter. I will NOT spoiler warn for any of the content introduced in the 1.5 update, since it has been available on all platforms for some time now.

5) Lastly, all intellectual rights go to ConcernedApe. And though this may be obvious, I will say it just in case: DO NOT post these fics to other sites! This is for the enjoyment of omo lovers only!}

6 AM. You woke up and heard a bit of commotion outside. You heard something heavy being dropped onto the ground outside your house and the steps of sturdy boots.

You blinked the sleepiness away, remembering why these noises were sounding out so early in the morning. Just the day before you had asked Robin to upgrade your house. ‘She's here already?’, you thought, ‘this early?’

You creaked open the door of your house, feeling a bit shy to fully come out, since you were still in your pajamas. Robin was in fact here, more than ready to put her expertise to work once more.

“Hey there!” She greeted you once she saw you. “How’s it going?”

“Hello,” you waved at her, still hiding halfway behind the door. “It's– good to see you again.”

Robin stretched and placed her hands on her hips, taking a long look at your cabin. “Mmm… so much to do, I don't even know where to start!” She laughed, and you giggled a bit too.

“You said you could give me a kitchen, didn't you?”

“That's right, a kitchen is very much needed here, unless you’re okay with eating at Gus’ for the rest of your life.”

“I wouldn't complain,” you grinned shyly, “his food is great. But, uhm, I’d also like to have a way to cook on my own.”

“I getcha,” she said, walking around the house to get a better idea of how it was designed. When she walked close to the back, she spoke again. “Oh, I can also connect that outhouse to your home, so you’ll have an indoor bathroom. I’d say that’s also very convenient.”

Oh yeah, the outhouse. A tiny, little wooden thing right behind your home, where it couldn't be seen unless one actively tried looking for it. You remember how awkward you felt on your first days in Stardew Valley, needing to head into such a narrow structure, rather than comfortably enter your home so you could take a piss.

In fact, it had been hard not just to undo the mental habit of always heading inside your home to pee, but it had also been hard to get used to the outhouse at all. For about as long as you could remember, you’ve had quite the shy bladder. If something about a bathroom of any sort made you uncomfortable, be it the presence of people or the way you felt so exposed trying to use the toilet, then you had a difficult time relaxing so you could go.

Over time, of course, you got used to the outhouse. Not like you had much of a choice there anyway, it was either the outhouse or pissing outside – an even bigger no-no. So, to hear you could have a proper bathroom in the privacy of your own home sounded magnificent.

Without thinking, you nodded. “Oh, that’d be great, Robin!”

“Alright!” She voiced exuberantly. “Time to work then!”

“W-Would you like some breakfast first, though? I foraged lots of stuff the past few days, I can–”

She grinned at you, “don't worry, I already ate. I’ve also brought my own lunch for later.”

“Ah, okay, great! Let me, uhm, change clothes first though?”

“Of course! I’ll be breaking down the outhouse’s walls to fuse it with your house in the meantime.”

You nodded and thanked her for giving you that bit of privacy so you could get into your attire, a shirt, overalls and farm boots. You stepped out of your house and watched Robin remove the walls of the outhouse, leaving the ‘toilet’ in plain sight. It was more like a large chunk of wood with the typical plastic toilet seat attached to it, but still. And when you saw it, you realized something: you hadn't peed today.

And when you realized that, you started to feel a need to go.

‘Oh… so foolish…’ You called yourself in your head. With the outhouse's walls down, you DEFINITELY could not use it now, but… what about your morning pee, then? You supposed you could hold it for a bit longer, but you suspected the bathroom wouldn't be finished in time for you to… ‘make it’.

Anxiety started bubbling up in your chest. So far, in all the time you’ve been in Stardew Valley, you had managed to never utilize anyone else’s toilet, just your own, and you were honestly kind of hoping the day you asked to use someone’s toilet would never come, but alas. Maybe this will be the first day you do such a feat and you certainly were NOT looking forward to it.

You shook your head, though, as you realized that thinking too deeply about this was not going to help your need. If you distract yourself with other chores in the meantime, then you’ll be able to hang on for longer.

So you got to your chores, choosing first to water all your crops. Thank goodness it was still early and your urge was still barely an issue, because the sound and sight of water didn’t affect you all that much. After that, you checked on your chickens and collected their eggs. And then, you decided to clear up the space in your farm some more, breaking stones, cutting down wood and removing weeds. You collected seeds from trees and made field snacks out of them for a quick breakfast while you sat on a log. You still didn’t have a good enough axe to break the logs down, but you were lacking resources to have enough iron bars to have your axe upgraded. Maybe you could go mine for a bit?

On the way to the mines you did feel occasional twinges from your bladder, but nothing too bad. You kept telling yourself that you’d forget about it once you were underground focusing on collecting resources and killing monsters. And for a while you were correct, these things did take your mind out of your need for about two hours before your bladder demanded you acknowledge the real issue here.

You looked at all the stuff you collected and you estimated you had enough resources to craft what you wanted, so you headed back to the farm, sometimes stopping on the way to press your legs together as waves of desperation hit your lower organ.

Once home, you began to smelt the iron ore into bars. You checked back on Robin to see how she was doing while you waited for the iron bars to be finished. She had built three new walls around the toilet and you actually felt glad seeing just how much more spacious your future bathroom was gonna be. But it still looked like she had a long way to go…

“Uhm… excuse me, Robin?” You walked towards her, your posture looking kind of tense, but nothing that would actually show what your preoccupation was. “Wh-when will you be done?”

Robin laughed. “I’m far from done, silly! Remember, a whole house is gonna take me around three days to complete.”

“N-No, I meant… when will the bathroom be done?”

“Oh!” She looked at the progress she’d made thus far. “It should be finished by the end of the day. Maybe when the sun starts to set?”

Your blood ran cold at that moment. You could not wait that long! Your urge was already getting a bit too uncomfortable and insistent!

“Why? Do you need to use it?”

Aaand now your blood was at a normal temperature again. And it was pooling in your cheeks. Oh goodness… “N-No, just asking…”

“You know, it will take me longer to make the kitchen than to make this bathroom,” Robin explained casually. “Thanks to the outhouse, you already have a plumbing system, which saves me a lot of work. But with a kitchen, I’ll need to build everything from zero! But don’t worry, I’m a fast worker either way. I assure you you’ll love the result!”

You kept looking at her and at the toilet with uncertainty. Your middle flared whenever your eyes landed on the thing that would have granted you your morning relief, if only you had remembered to use it before letting Robin break the outhouse down… you decided it was enough looking when your pee-hole nearly let go of a bit of your burden. ‘Careful now…’ you thought. ‘Gotta hold it…’

Oooh, but could you hold it? It was almost noon and you were still holding every ounce of pee made after you last went the night before. You hadn't drunk anything today and you did feel mighty thirsty, but you feared even a few sips of water would slam against your full bladder in a matter of seconds, despite your actual knowledge of biology telling you otherwise.

‘Keep distracting yourself… you won't notice any of this if you get distracted.’

So you went back to check on your iron bars. Still not done. Time to wait, then.

You went from only having the occasional jolt and shiver, from needing a casual pressing of the legs, to experiencing actual throbs and to requiring manual squeezes of the crotch to keep your body under control. You danced in place as you collected the finished iron bars, feeling your heart rate go up at the thought of actually going to Clint’s to get your axe upgraded.

Did you even want it upgraded at this point, though? The only thing that was on your mind was pissing! But if you keep ruminating about that, you’ll never make it to sunset! You had to do literally anything else and hope you could conceal your distress to anyone you talked to.

THANK goodness that fixing the boiler room in the Community Center had unlocked a very useful feature in this Valley: the minecarts. Just a few weeks ago, you would’ve needed to WALK all the way from home to Clint’s, something you were pretty sure would be too much for you today. At least with the minecarts you would not need to make much physical effort and you’d get there faster.

But even the walk from the farm to the minecarts at the bus stop proved to be challenging. In fact, that was when your first leak bloomed forward, forcing you to bounce on your heels for a few seconds while clenching your pelvic floor with all your might to make it stop.

Oooh, it had ALMOST felt good… but enough of that, you had an objective to reach! The minecarts got you to where you desired and you stilled, getting yourself as calm and as collected as you could to avoid raising suspicions. You requested Clint to upgrade your axe and he didn't seem to notice anything strange going on with you. You were glad. And the moment you were out of his shop you were not glad anymore, because your midsection cried with need again.

You checked your watch and it was 1:00 PM, a normally good time to eat lunch. You honestly weren't hungry, you were desperate above all other body sensations, but… oh Yoba… you might have to use the restroom at the Saloon if you want to have any chance of just not losing control of yourself.

You could feel yourself sweating from the effort of holding back the tide as you walked. You finally got to the entrance of the Saloon and looked around for a bit, wanting to make sure nobody was in the vicinity to watch you, and you clenched your whole body in a way that was visible and clear. Your knees bent, your hands balled into fists, you tapped the floor with your foot impatiently as a surge of need traversed your body from head to toe. It was… taking a while for this wave of desperation to pass. But when you sneaked a hand in between your legs and squeezed, the flare slowly died out. Hoo boy…

Now that you felt just a fraction better, you entered the place. Gus immediately looked up from the counter and greeted you very pleased.

“What can I get for you today? I got the usual dishes and today’s special is Tom Kha Soup!”

‘Oh no, DEFINITELY not the soup’ you thought miserably. Your face instead smiled, perhaps a bit nervously. You were doing your hardest not to be obvious about what you ACTUALLY wanted. “Uhm, I-I’d prefer just spaghetti today. Thanks, Gus…”

“Spaghetti it will be, then!” He announced, immediately turning around to get your plate ready.

You did walk closer to the counter, but hesitated to take a seat. You thought of yourself as pathetic for needing to gather up the courage to ask such a friendly man where the bathroom was, but if you DID manage to ask, then already being on your feet would earn you a precious few seconds to get to relief faster.

The spaghetti had been made beforehand, so all Gus had to do was serve some of it on a plate and put it on the counter for you to eat. “Take a seat, enjoy.” He said with a smile, being none the wiser about your predicament.

You slid a bit to the side so you wouldn't be THAT close to him as he kept working and sat, like he told you to, shamefully feeling the urge to grind the bar stool for a few seconds just to have something press against your sphincter. You compromised with pressing your whole body onto the seat with no grinding, but still, you visibly quivered.

“My, are you okay?” You heard Gus say. “You look sweaty… have you been overworking yourself on that farm?”

Overworking yourself… sure, that’s one way to put it.

“Here, let me get you a drink,” Gus said, going to fetch you a glass of water. You panicked a little.

“Uh–! Gus, i-it’s fine, I’m–”

But you couldn’t finish what you wanted to say before the glass had already been slid to your place. “There, you’ll feel better if you replenish fluids.”

You hated thinking about this, but… you hadn’t had a sip of any liquid all day and your throat did honestly feel super sore. You’d done a lot of activities today and your body was begging you not just to let go of the fluids that sat heavily on your bladder, but it also wanted something fresh to rehydrate your systems.

You couldn’t help it, you downed the water. ‘Okay, now I WILL have to ask Gus for the restroom,’ you concluded, starting to feel a lot better in your throat, but already a bit worse in your bladder. Just KNOWING you had drunk something when you were already full with piss made your organ pulse pleadingly, longing the emptying it had been unfairly denied since morning.

Still, asking kept terrifying you, so you kept postponing it. ‘I can still hold it… I’ll ask when I’m done eating,’ you thought, pressing your thighs so close together that they could’ve fused. At least the Saloon was pretty deserted and Gus was on the other side of the counter, you could squirm and even grab yourself as much as you wanted.

You finished eating and were half-way in the process of standing up when you decided it was about time to ask Gus the question your bladder NEEDED you to ask. “H-Hey, Gus?” You began, your heart pounding. “Uhm, do you have, er... a-a customer bathroom?” Oh gosh, what were you asking? Of COURSE he did, he had people coming to his Saloon to drink every day!

Gus smiled and pointed in the direction of the restroom. “By your right, head upwards and you’ll find a door by your left."

“Th-Thank you so much,” you said, releasing a big breath as you took careful steps, still not wanting to show your desperation. You did it, you asked someone in Stardew Valley if you could use their toilet! Hopefully this won’t have to be a common occurrence, but at least this is one fear conquered.

You squirmed more when you were out of view from Gus’ vision field and soon enough, you were in front of the door that promised relief. The door was already a bit open, but you didn’t push it to head in right away. A paper was taped on it.

“Hello, dear customer and neighbor.

Due to some technical problems with the door, I ask that you do NOT shut it close or else it will get stuck!

I should have this problem fixed in the near future, but I still apologize for the difficulties.

Gus.”

Oh. Oh no.

If there was one thing your shy bladder demanded pretty much every time you used any bathroom, including the one at places you’ve lived in previously, was that the door always HAD to be closed. Unless you were completely alone in the whole building, you couldn’t pee if the door was even SLIGHTLY open, the anxiety bug in your brain would tell you that anyone could just push the door and immediately catch you using the toilet, rendering you unable to go.

Oh, shoot, but still… with how badly you needed to go, you could try anyway, right?

You headed into the bathroom and slid the door to be almost closed, never fully shutting it. The sight of the toilet was sending your bladder into a frenzy, so surely… surely this would work, right? If you conquered your anxiety of even asking for the restroom, then maybe your luck today would also have it so that you can pee with a slightly open door.

You freed yourself of your clothes and tried using the toilet. Your senses could certainly detect that everything was set in order for you to take a very needed and satisfying piss, your bladder was even more so certain that it was ABOUT TIME you let go of this burden…

But you couldn’t forget about the damn door.

You knew the chances of someone barging into the bathroom with you in it were low, but… if the door wasn’t closed, then how could you feel safe using the bowl below you?

Your holding muscles, though tired, refused to relax.

‘Please, please, come on…’ You pleaded with your body, trying to locate the remaining points of tension in your lower area so you could force them to ease, but it was no use. You were there for around five minutes before concluding that staying any longer was simply going to be a waste of time. You NEEDED a bathroom that closed, there was no other way around it.

With a still full, brimming bladder, you exited the facilities and left the Saloon, trying to do so quickly so Gus wouldn’t catch on to the fact that you were still holding your pee.

Could it be possible that Robin was done now?! She said around sunset time, but ahh… she also said she worked fast! Maybe she outdid herself this time and had the bathroom fully ready to use? Please, oh please, let that be the case! You couldn’t stand this pressure for much longer!

With strained steps, you made it back to your farm, finding Robin STILL working on the bathroom expansion. Your stomach dropped. It must’ve also fallen directly on top of your bladder if the contractions of pure urgency were any indication. She didn’t even see you, she was so focused on her work… which was probably a good thing, because there was NO way you could be discreet about your need now. Ever since you left the Saloon, you had three leaks escape you, one of those being… significant. And your hands were currently the only thing that could physically keep the pee from flowing out in one big tsunami. Also, you couldn’t be sure, but you sure felt like that water you drank had already settled itself in your cramped piss tank. It had to, you just… you felt absolutely and unequivocally overflowing.

You bit back whimpers as you walked past your house, your mind racing. What now?! Your bathroom wasn’t done yet, you didn’t think you could dare ask any other villager to use theirs, you simply did not have the confidence or security to piss in the open… Only one option remained in your head, but oh, that was the WORST option by far, one you dreaded and feared.

You began to fear that you will actually wet yourself today.

It was almost paradoxical, but throughout all your years alive, you had unfortunately learned that, sometimes, if your body got to levels of fullness that went beyond any tolerable limit, it would empty involuntarily, even if it had refused to urinate before if something about the environment or circumstances had not been right, like an open door or just about anything that could make you feel overly exposed.

It was so stupid. You considered it to be one of your body’s worst flaws, but it was a thing. And today’s recipe combined all the worst circumstances imaginable for you.

Without thinking much, you headed up into the backwoods northwest of your farm. You had never seen anyone walk through these parts, so at least it provided some sense of privacy just in case you…

You couldn’t hold the whimpers back anymore. You wanted to beat yourself up for even considering wetting as the only way out of this unfathomable, mind-breaking desperation, but really, what OTHER way out was there? Each second that passed was like evidence that all you had left to do was delay the inevitable, all so you could at LEAST have the peace of mind that you fought till the end.

Your eyes swelled up with tears and your hands slowly filled with tiny dribbles. You wanted to let go. You wanted to let go. But if you let go, you would have no one but yourself to blame for the mess that followed… Scratch that, you WERE to blame. You were the one that forgot to piss in the morning. You were the one that was too shy to pee with a slightly open door. You were the one that was too anxious to ask anyone else for their restroom.

This was your fault.

The pressure, the non-stop throbbing, the progressive weakening of your holding muscles, it was all because of you.

You still fought it, though. You weren’t shameless enough to wet yourself just because you felt like it. Every drop and trickle that soaked your clothes came out against your will, and so would the inevitable torrent that was sure to happen anytime now.

In about ten more minutes, your body decided that enough was enough. Your sphincter fully gave up and your hands filled up in an instant with hot, uncontainable pee, cascading down your trembling legs and splattering loudly onto the dirt.

Your mouth hung open in dismay as you gushed and gushed, the pain in your middle easing as this natural process finally happened. Your body could’ve sung with pleasure and bliss, but your mind… your mind hated that it had come to this point. Your mind hated that you sighed out of pure instinct, like a part of you was GLAD that you no longer had to hold anything back.

Tears kept falling from your eyes, but this time they were tears of pure, unadulterated shame. You kept getting more embarrassed as time passed and your stream stayed strong. You just stood there on the spot, feeling how the fabric around your legs became sodden and warm, how your pent up ocean reached INTO your boots, how a puddle spread wide around you… And all you could do was wait for it to be over.

It took a bit over a minute for your bladder to fully drain. Your breathing got heavy as you processed everything that just went on. You could feel this intense urge to cry building up in your chest, so you sat by a spot in the dirt that hadn’t gotten wet and… you would’ve pulled your knees up to bury your face in them, but the cloth on your knees was drenched in pee, so your head just hung low as the sobs started erupting from you.

And gosh, you wanted to keep denying it, but… it felt GREAT not to be bursting anymore. Even with your heart feeling heavy, you could still tell your body felt much better after that. At least… at least it was all over, right? Your liquid intake today had been limited, so you hopefully wouldn’t need to pee again for hours to come. Maybe next time you have to go again, you’ll be able to actually use the toilet. Maybe. You were just trying to find SOME silver lining to all this.

Once you were finished feeling sorry for yourself, you stood up and started heading back to the farm. Robin was probably still laser-focused on her work, so she may not notice you heading into your home for a change of clothes. Your eyes stared at the ground the whole time, which is why you failed to notice Robin was actually sitting by the stairs to your house, munching on the lunch you forgot she said she brought early in the day.

Your head looked up only when you heard her snort. She covered her mouth with a hand while looking at your pants. "Whoa, long day, huh?"

Screw it, back to the backwoods.

“H-Hey, wait a moment!”

You had no idea why you were being so useless at everything today. You didn’t want to run too far, so you literally hid behind a bush. It was a mediocre hiding spot! Robin took little time in finding you and NOW you couldn’t escape.

“Hey, are you okay?” She asked, all amusement gone.

You couldn’t look her in the eye. Your accident was so obvious. You were a grownup, for Yoba’s sake! What grownup would take poor decision after poor decision to the point of wetting?! You badly wanted to think of Stardew Valley as a new chapter in your life, a place where you could reinvent yourself and escape that old life you used to lead, but here you were, living the consequences of a lifelong problem.

“Listen,” Robin spoke softly after waiting a good while for you to say anything. “I don’t judge. I’m sorry for laughing, I won't do that again. I will not tell anyone about this either, I just… I guess I want to make sure you’re okay.”

You sighed heavily. You had already cried all your tears, so you simply spoke back with a dry tone. “I’m not.”

Robin leaned back a bit, her eyebrows knitted in genuine concern. “Is there anything I can do to help?”

You thought it over. You didn’t think there was anything LEFT to do, your mess was done, so you shrugged. Robin, of course, wasn’t very happy with how inconclusive of a response that was.

“Can I ask… why? I told you the plumbing was there and everything. The toilet was functional. You could’ve asked me to stop for a bit so you could go.”

You tensed up and you hugged yourself. So now, on top of everything, will you have to explain to Robin the ins and outs of your paruresis? A problem you typically kept to yourself? “I… wasn’t sure how to ask,” you said. “And, uhm, I-I prefer having pr…privacy when I go. The bathroom still didn’t look done, so I…” You trailed off, thinking that maybe what little you shared was enough for Robin to connect the dots.

Thankfully, it was enough. The woman cooed in pity. “I would’ve given you lots of space if you wanted privacy! Really, we all need to pee sometimes. It’s not something to be ashamed of.”

Your lips formed into a straight line. You knew she was right, but you couldn't help but be ashamed. She definitely didn’t understand the full extent of your problem, but she still didn’t sound judgmental, she sounded like she just wished she could’ve done something to prevent this, to save you from your accident.

You looked to the side, fidgeting with your hands a little. This reaction was turning out to be better than you expected, but you were still massively uncomfortable that any of this was happening. “May I… go to my house now? I’d like to, uhm, get into clean clothes.”

“Oh! Right, of course!” Robin said, already marching back to the farm. She took her lunchbox from the stairs so you could go up into your home. “And tell you what, lunchtime is over! I’ll go back to work and finish your bathroom as fast as I can!”

“Huh? I– I mean… I’ll appreciate having it done soon, but… you shouldn’t starve just because I…”

“Nonsense, I’ll be fine! I can always finish this later anyway,” she said, leaving the lunchbox back with her things and picking up her tools, when… “Oh, wait– Your, uh, cabin and the bathroom are already connected, they just… lack a door to separate them. I’ll leave you to change your clothes in peace!”

And finally, after hours of distress, the corner of your mouth curled up into a real smile. The sudden change in Robin’s disposition from ‘time to work!’ to ‘oh, hold on, can’t work if I want the farmer to have privacy’ were a bit amusing to you. But above all else, you felt much lighter knowing that Robin was so willing to have your comfort be the top priority.

“Please eat,” you requested. “It’s not like I’ll be done in a flash.”

Robin chuckled too, dropping her tools and grabbing her lunch again. “Alright, alright. I hope you ate already.”

“Yeah, at the Saloon… B-By the way, did you know the door to the bathroom at the Saloon is broken? It… sounds like something you would be able to fix.”

“Ah, yes!” Robin perked up. “It started having that problem exactly yesterday. Heh, I actually got stuck there just as Demetrius and I were about to leave for the night! I told him I couldn’t get out, so he went to get Gus, and Gus managed to force the door open with a knife. I told him I could try to make a quick run back to my house and get some tools to fix it, but Gus insisted that I just head home since it was so late already. And well, I have YOUR house to upgrade now, so Gus will just have to keep that door open or have people use his personal bathroom.”

For a moment you thought you could feel a headache coming. So, in a way, it was because of YOU that the Saloon restroom couldn’t be closed? Wow. Talk about bad luck. If you were any more superstitious, you would’ve wondered if you were cursed. But you shook your head, it was no longer the time to be thinking about these things. Your overalls were clinging uncomfortably to your skin and you couldn’t wait to be wearing something dry again.

The rest of the day went by much better. Like you predicted, the bathroom was in fact done by the time you needed it again. And good Yoba, did you NEED it. Your bladder was NOT in the mood to hold for extended periods of time after what you just made it go through, yet you needed to hold it again for a bit, until Robin could finally give your new bathroom the thumbs up. Like she promised, she walked super far away to ensure you could feel comfortable using the bathroom and you were able to use it with little problem.

As your second pee of the day came to a close, your mind went back to when she said earlier that you would love the result. She was right, you couldn't be more satisfied with your new bathroom. Despite all the misadventures of today, maybe it was fair to say everything ended on a good note.

*002*2024-04-28 22:29

{{1 hour ago, stayhydrated said:

Been playing stardew valley non-stop for weeks, this was something i've always wanted.

I'll admit your profile pic made me think of the default farmer character in sdv, so i guess it only made sense that we'd get an omo fic of them.

Really wanna draw the default farmer peeing themselves now. thanks for the inspiration ❤️

}}

Aaah, thank you so much!! Yeah, my avatar is the default farmer.

Oh, I'll be looking forward to that farmer art!

*003*2024-05-30 19:10

Chapter 2 - Neighbors Help Each Other

Oh joy, it was Summer 11th! You had waited for this day as much as everyone else in town. The Luau was the first festival of the season, and it was a particularly jolly occasion, because it combined two of humanity’s most favorite things: good music and great food!

You stretched in your bed with a smile on your face and hopped off, heading to the fridge for two reasons. You wanted to eat some breakfast, and you needed to see what you had to add to the potluck. You remember your first luau. You hadn't really caught on that you could add something to the soup, so you didn't contribute to it, and the governor didn't shy away from saying that “someone’s unique voice was missing”. The soup wasn't bad, but you couldn't fully enjoy it because of your mistake. You did not want the same mistake to repeat this year.

The morning was already quite warm and your mouth watered at the large jugs of milk that sat in the fridge. Oooh, maybe you could add this to the potluck! You took two milks out of the fridge, one to take to the beach, the other to quench your current thirst. And what better breakfast option for a hot summer day than a fruit salad! This, plus the cold milk and some TV time were a great way to start your morning.

When you finished, you went outside to do just a little bit of farm work while you waited for the Luau to begin. You tended to your animals, harvested the crops that were ready and checked your farm cave for any new produce. The morning went by pretty quickly. Before you knew it, it was soon to be 9 AM, so you went back inside your home for a quick pee to then start walking to the beach.

You got there and saw the beach was full of people, as expected. The governor and Lewis sat together as usual, Marnie took care of the soup, and most other villagers just stood around, admiring the scenery or just hanging by the other meals the Luau had to offer. While you greeted the people around you, you noticed a small twinge coming from your bladder. Seems like that milk of jug hadn’t finished going through you when you last went… but you didn’t worry. It was still a very small sensation, nothing to worry about. Besides, with how hot the day was, you were sure to sweat, so most of whatever you drank from now on should hopefully escape your body through your pores rather than accumulate in your bladder.

So far, this Luau was pretty similar to the one from last year. Some people danced, others preferred to take it easy. One by one, different villagers dropped their collaboration and you decided to stop stalling and drop yours too. You went up the steps so you could pour the milk onto the potluck. So far the smell that came from it was amazing… your stomach rumbled in anticipation.

Then you turned over to leave the giant wooden pot, and jumped a little when you saw Kent was right behind you. He didn't have any major reaction to your surprise.

“Hey, good to see you.” He said, and you quickly gave him a smile, saying it was good to see him as well. He was carrying an artichoke, and his wife behind him –whom you also greeted– carried a sturgeon. You let them drop their stuff on the potluck and made a bit of small talk with them. Jodi you were already familiarized with, but Kent was new to you. He had come back from the war at the start of the current year, so you and him only knew each other on a surface level, it had only been a season and a bit more.

“I hope this year’s soup will be worth it! I still feel bad for not contributing to it last year…”

“Ah, don't worry, dear, it was your first Luau,” Jodi assured you. “And don't worry too much about what you dropped in there. It's usually a safer bet to contribute anything than nothing at all…Unless it's anchovies.” She pinched the bridge of her nose and shook her head. “No one likes a potluck with anchovies.”

“You're saying that because of Sam? ” Her husband asked. She sighed, he was right.

“That boy, I swear… I’m glad he’s still young and full of energy, that must've made community service hours less of an issue for him.”

“You know,” Kent said to you, “I wasn't here when the ‘anchovy incident’ happened. I don't know if it really was as terrible as everyone says.”

“It was!” Jodi reprimanded. You just chuckled.

“I wasn't here yet either! Maybe that's a good thing, huh? Though then, why did you contribute with a sturgeon?” You asked, now facing the woman. “I mean, yeah, it's not the same as an anchovy, but it still is a fish…”

“A sturgeon is simply higher quality stuff! At least that's what my cookbook says,” Jodi answered. “The sturgeon was actually caught by Kent. I had to take it away from his hands fast before he ate it raw!”

Kent’s mouth turned into a smile for just a moment, knowing that his wife was telling nothing but the truth. You decided to comment on that, seeing how Kent was the type who seldom smiled. “You seem to be having a good day so far, Kent!”

Kent nodded, his usual serious demeanor returning. “The ambience helps. And seeing how happy people can be… it's a nice feeling, knowing that you fought so people could enjoy themselves.”

You didn't know what being in a war was like and you were aware that most movies couldn't even begin to depict a fraction of what being in the first line was like. You simply smiled and thanked him for his services.

The two of them later went to a table with appetizers, and you went on your way to chat a bit with everyone else. Your need to pee increased very slowly while you passed the time, but you still tried to pay it no mind. 'I can always dance to work up a sweat if it worries me,' you reasoned. So after a bit, you decided to actually follow up on that idea. The music was great, so why not? It didn’t matter that you were admittedly horrible at dancing, you just wanted to feel the soundwaves hitting your body as you moved it off-rhythm! It would help you pass the time too until the potluck was ready to be served.

You didn't realize how many minutes you were lost in the music until the person-sized speakers malfunctioned, blasting the loudest, most perturbing rumble. You nearly fell off balance from the startle and plugged your ears as quickly as you could. The Mullners winced and covered their ears too, the children ran off, Emily stopped dancing with a startled jump, and Robin and Demetrius stepped on each others’ shoes like a dozen times as they tried to get away from the noise, still trying to keep their hands together for some reason.

Mayor Lewis and Maru approached the speakers, with the latter turning them off. You released a big sigh when the noise stopped blasting, and was now replaced only with George’s complaints… and yelling?

You unplugged your ears and looked to the tables of food, where Kent was breathing heavy and fast, moving his head in all directions frantically, his poor wife patting his arm gently to snap him out of his panic.

“Kent, Kent-!” Jodi tried to soothe him. “It was just the speakers! Just the speakers!”

“What happened?” You heard Mayor Lewis ask nearby.

Maru was eyeing the back part of the speakers up and down. “I don’t know. Everything is connected.” She confirmed by fiddling with the connections. She couldn't find anything out of place.

“Strange. Well, if everything is where it needs to be, then maybe we can…” Lewis trailed off, going to turn the speakers on again, hoping the reset would be enough to fix the issue. But when he did so, the same horrible rumble played out, and a screeching joined the disaster orchestra as the song reached a high.

Through the cacophony you could barely hear George demanding the speakers be turned off again. Maru decided to just unplug everything, it was the easier solution.

You stood there, feeling your heart beat intensely. That had been really unexpected. The people around you were also disturbed. Lewis went back to the governor to apologize for the trouble, George went on a rant about how technology made festivals worse, and Kent seemed to have gotten triggered. Poor guy.

“Well, apologies to all of you,” the mayor spoke to the community, “this was a genuine accident. I had no idea this would happen. But knowing how old those speakers are, maybe I shouldn't be surprised that something like this occurred…”

You heard some villagers mumble about how no one could’ve seen this coming and you were inclined to agree. You walked away from the speakers just to be safe, even though there should be no chance now of them blasting off your eardrums again. You ended up close to yet another table that had drinks and you felt the need to guzzle some liquid down your dry throat. Phew, you really danced a lot there and you didn’t realize! What you realized after you finished, though, was that your bladder was fuller now. Not necessarily a major worry… but it was definitely at the uncomfortable point now.

Lewis walked up to Marnie and the two whispered for a moment. Then he clapped his hands and tried to brighten his speech. “So, to leave that unpleasantry behind, how does everyone feel about tasting the soup now?”

The mood shifted pretty fast with those last words, yours included. While it was true you began to feel just a bit anxious about the state of your bladder, you were also pretty excited to give the potluck soup a test. But of course, the governor had to be the one to do the honors. That was the way of the Luau.

He took a sip and he got jittery from how good it was. Victory! This year's potluck was a massive success! Marnie served everyone one bowl exactly and the villagers got to drinking, all but one.

While you blew on your soup to take a sip, you noticed how Kent was just looking at the liquid on his bowl. He wasn’t stirring, he wasn't blowing on it like you were, he was just staring at it with a frown. You didn't want to stare, but you could see the muscles in his neck tense up a little.

Jodi released a very pleased sigh once she tried her soup and she was about to ask Kent if he’d tried it yet when she saw him in that state. Her demeanor got gentler and she spoke to him, but you didn't hear any of it because of the distance. Next thing you knew, Kent was leaving the Luau, his bowl of soup completely ignored on the table. A lot of people noticed him leaving, which kind of made the Luau more awkward.

You approached Jodi. “Is he gonna be okay?”

“He… just needs to be in a quiet place where he can calm down.” She said sadly. “I’ll ask Gus if he has a container he could lend me to store this soup. It’d be a shame if Kent didn't get to taste it.”

You had already taken a sip of your soup while she talked and you agreed with her last statement. This soup was amazing, it saddened you that not everyone would get to enjoy it.

You decided to keep drinking next to her to make her some company. In the following minutes, her sons had come to ask if dad was okay and she explained honestly to them what happened, emphasizing above all else that he would be okay, so they didn't have to worry. Besides that, not much else transpired. People found it hard to dance now that there was no music. Maru said that, after the festival was over, she’d check the speakers to see if she could fix them. If she couldn't, then the governor would personally work so that the regional office provides Stardew Valley with new ones to keep their festivals running.

So, one of the best next things was to simply enjoy the scenery and eat. You mostly stuck to the potluck soup. It had a mix of so many flavors, but it was all harmonious rather than chaotic. You could almost taste the milk you had contributed, giving the soup a smoother texture.

You could also feel your wish to pee becoming less of an urge and more of a need, but you didn't try to pay it too much mind. With how things were going, the Luau would probably end a bit earlier than normal, and you could head home.

However, at one point Lewis did ask to speak with you. You approached him at the bench where he sat with the governor. Turns out that, with everything you had done for the valley’s economy, the governor wanted to talk to you and learn more about how your farm worked.

You felt really honored that he wanted to speak with you face-to-face. You told him about your grandpa, how the farm was when you first got here, what got you to make the decision to move in the first place, and everything that you were up to right now. The two of you must’ve been talking for well over an hour, a time in which you just bounced a knee and pressed your thighs together only when you really needed it.

“Reports show that people in Zuzu City are increasingly unhappy with the life they lead there,” the governor said. “How high do you think are the chances that more people will move here to be farmers?”

“Well, I don't know about becoming farmers,” you said with a cross of your legs. “I’m a farmer because my grandpa was one too, and he handed me down his own tools and did all the legal stuff to make sure the farm would go on to belong to his descendants. I kind of doubt many people would move here to become farmers if they didn't have a single patch of land to their name.”

“Ah, you are right there.” The governor said, swishing around the bowl of soup he had on his hands. Like with most people, this wasn't his first serving, nor the second nor the third. You couldn't keep count of how many you had consumed, but you estimated the number was among the highest.

“Not to mention,” you continued, “that Stardew Valley is not that spacious. The terrain in many places is very uneven and dry. It wouldn't be very good for farming, unless you only plan to raise animals. And a part of me also feels like the Valley would lose a lot of its natural beauty if we messed with the ‘empty spaces’ and tried to turn them into a farming utopia.”

The governor hummed a bit sadly, looking down at his lap, where he rested the hand that held onto the bowl. “I suppose you are right. Stardew Valley does well in tourism, and that could be affected if we changed up the landscape too much. I just thought having more farms would be better, since yours has been such a success.”

You laughed in flattery, and shifted in your seat a bit uncomfortably because of the desperation wave that came along. Thankfully, they didn’t notice. “Th-Thank you for the kind words, governor, but I am fine doing all I can for the valley. Moving here has... mmf… really been the best decision of my life thus far,” you spoke, the nerves starting to slowly show in your voice.

Lewis took part in the conversation too. “While I would love for Stardew Valley to become the richest it can be, I have to admit that the old farm coming back to life has already done so much for us. The improvements are staggering. Maybe we should just be happy that the farmer here decided to be a part of our community at all.”

“Why, yes!” The man in purple said, “thank you for choosing us!” He laughed, patting your shoulder. And then… he stretched his hand to offer you his soup. “Fancy some more?”

You smiled, but it was a nervous smile. Oh, this was such a bad idea… But the mayor was already looking at you as if you couldn’t refuse the offer, lest you want to make the whole valley look bad. You reluctantly accepted the bowl with a polite thanks, and drank because you could still feel the expectation hovering over you. You pressed your legs as tight as you could while the liquid made it down your throat. Your body was onto you, pouring more fluids into it when it was starting to need a very urgent emptying, and it was going to protest against you harshly if you kept this up.

You didn’t know what else to do, so you stayed at the bench while Lewis and the governor did some more talking among themselves. You became very fidgety over time, finding it increasingly hard to sit still. You could feel the pee pounding at your urethra when you tried to keep immobile. After a while you just had to excuse yourself from the bench.

You were anxious to ask people what to do if you needed to take a leak… you hadn’t seen anyone else desperate to use the bathroom, or people leaving momentarily to use the restroom at their homes, and you couldn’t find it in you to ask anyone if it would be okay for you to leave for a bit. Things had already gotten awkward when Kent had to head home early, even though it was for a different reason altogether, but you still worried.

So for half an hour more you paced around, shifting your weight from foot to foot, your frame tensing occasionally as a pulsating wave traversed your poor bladder. It was so full, you could feel it sitting heavy in your abdomen… you then felt it leak. It was only a couple of drops, but this already worried you immensely. You gave your bladder a soothing caress and steeled yourself back up. You had to stay strong. The Luau was close to finishing anyway. You could make it home. You hoped you did…

“Alright, everyone!” Mayor Lewis called, and all heads turned to him. “It’s about time we say goodbye to the governor. He had a lovely time, and that’s in no small part thanks to all of you.”

The governor nodded with a smile. “Thank you to everyone who came. This was yet another great year visiting the valley. Remember, it is you people who make this such a special place.”

The crowd thanked him and chatted among themselves about how nice the parting words had been. You too, within your limited comfort, waved goodbye and smiled. To be honest, you felt great relief to hear the governor was finally leaving. Part of the reason why you had been so anxious about letting your desperation be seen was that you didn’t want to worsen the Luau by having everyone know of your need. But now things would be coming to a close, so that should be one less thing to worry about.

Lewis and the governor left together to the bus stop, and Marnie gave the people permission to grab whatever remained of the potluck if they wanted it for later, so she could leave as well. She came back shortly after in Lewis’ van to collect the decorations, and many people volunteered to help.

She waved at you and asked if you would like to help take everything down. The way she said it was very friendly, you felt bad at the idea of saying no… your people-pleaser self ended up agreeing to help, to your bladder’s chagrin.

You were thankful that the wooden totems were hollow on the inside, or else they would’ve been too heavy to comfortably carry. Oh, but who were you trying to fool, everything was harder to do when your bladder was this bloated! You could almost feel all the drinks and all the soup sloshing in there with every step you took. You began to sweat from the effort of containing all your piss.

Lewis’ van was, unfortunately, small, and didn’t have enough room to return all decorations to their place of storage at once. Marnie had to drive away and then come back with the van empty so people could reload it. You could not have predicted how bad the wait for Marnie was gonna be. Your bladder screamed at you, demanded explanations as to why you weren’t looking for a toilet, and threatened to gush and spurt if you didn’t try to find a place to properly pee soon. You just pursed your lips, balled up your fists and commanded your sphincter to stay strong.

Once she returned, only the beds of leaves and the tables remained. You crouched down to pick a corner of the leaf bed that had been used as a dancing station and your bladder was squished. You almost shrieked, but managed to stop that just in time. What you could not stop was the spurt that rushed out of you. You turned around, praying that no one would be staring at you weirdly and, thankfully, no one was.

You had to be fast if you wanted to get this over with. You took in a breath, your heart loud in your ears, and bent down again to grab a corner of the leaf bed. You managed to do it without leaking this time and you folded the whole thing until it could fit in the van. You fidgeted some more after you were done, hoping that you weren’t calling the attention of any villagers.

This was turning really bad really fast… you could feel your hands itching to wedge between your thighs. At some points you did just that, so you could prevent leaks that were just seconds away from happening. But once every little urge passed, you tried to fully compose yourself again, only to then need to pee-dance less than a minute later. Gosh dammit, you should never drink this much potluck ever again! Having drunk so much in so little time guaranteed that your kidneys were pumping urine to your bladder like mad.

A few people were really starting to notice you were not feeling at your hundred percent, so they naturally asked what was up. You just gave them a nervous smile and told them you were just tired after a long day. Oooh, how stiff you got every time you had to pretend nothing was wrong. How close you were to yelp every time you felt a significant leak escape you. Your bladder was thrashing all over your abdomen by the feeling of it, and with each passing moment you simply became too weak to help. You went to sit down on a bench and wiggled your thighs as if your life depended on it.

Then, just before you could start hyperventilating, Jodi called your name. You lifted your head to look at her. She was helping Gus in returning all the bowls, plates and bottles back to his place. With a stack of plates on her hands, she asked you gently. “Are you okay? I promise we won’t judge if there’s something you need.”

Despite the thrashing pressure in your torso, you still felt embarrassed to admit what was wrong. “I– Don’t worry ab-about me…” Your legs crossed as another unforgiving pang tore through you. “I’ll be–”

“Do you need to use a restroom?”

Well, your cover’s blown. No need to hide it anymore. You squirmed a bit more freely and nodded, your face as hot as the sun.

She sighed, feeling sympathetic as she watched you grab yourself and shiver. “Hey, maybe you can use the bathroom at our home. Kent is there, I’m sure he’ll let you in.”

Normally, you also had the tendency to be quite anxious about using other people’s restrooms, but right now Jodi’s words were like music to your ears. With how close you were to losing it, you’d take any help possible.

You apologized once again and thanked Jodi for the offer. You hissed in a breath as you stood up, gravity hitting you like a mallet. You had to go so baaad. Every step you took was another jostle to your tortured bladder. While on your way to 1 Willow Lane, you had to stop every time your body released a jet of urine, just so you could keep the accident at bay.

The walk to Kent's home ended up taking FAR longer than you wanted, but at least you were here now. Your breathing quickened when you knocked, jumping from foot to foot in hopes that such actions would reduce the volume you liberated when you had the support of just one hand. You quickly jammed your hand back in with the other and bobbed up and down in place, praying for Kent to open the door as soon as possible.

This must've been your impatience combined with your absolute dire situation, but you had to knock again. Kent hadn't gotten here fast enough for you! Did he not hear? What better course of action than to knock again, right? However, you could barely tap your knuckles on the door once before it opened, and your body, traitorous as it was, had to release a good, three second long torrent right as you made eye contact with the man of the family.

“H-h-h-hi, Kent…” you whimpered, trembling like mad. You managed to get your muscles down there to listen to you, but all other muscles were feeling the strain too. Your arms, your legs, everything was tightened to aid in the losing battle happening in your midsection.

You didn't have to state your emergency, because it was painfully obvious. Kent did ask if you needed to pee just for good measure, to which you nodded fervently. He quickly got out of the way so you could enter.

“All the way ahead, first door to the right.” He stated, and you couldn't even find it in you to thank him, not yet, lest you want the disaster to be unleashed because you spoke too much. That's how high your desperation was.

Your body put ALL its strength in not leaking while you walked into the house, but when you opened the door to the restroom, you were done. Your brain sensed it was in the correct place to finally let go and it cared not to wait until you actually reached the toilet. It just sent all the signals for your bladder to have its biggest contraction yet and it was over for you.

You were only one step into the bathroom when you abruptly froze in place, your bladder squeezed so hard it left you breathless. The pee cascaded down your legs at an alarming speed with the noisiest hiss. You seriously started to feel dizzy and you felt yourself stumble backwards for a fraction of a second, until Kent came up behind you and held you. You continued to piss helplessly, your legs having fully turned to jelly. You only stood because the man behind you kept you in place.

You would've been beyond mortified, but you had been under such horrible strain that the shame couldn't register in your brain yet. There was only one thing you could process at this point in time: the RELIEF. Good Yoba, this was heavenly! Your heart rate slowly went down now that you weren’t fighting for your life, your abused urethra was fully opened to allow for the biggest flow, your bladder still contracted painfully, but now it was also firing feel-good signals, it was like it talked to you. See, I told you this was what we needed! You imagined it say.

You allowed yourself to focus on these good sensations for a little longer, but soon after, you started to become very uncomfortably aware of the reason why you hadn't fallen to your own puddle yet.

Kent was holding you. His strong grip on your arms was what kept you up. You couldn't look behind you, you knew you’d just about die if you looked directly at him while your body continued to spray everywhere. You shuddered and a pathetic noise bubbled up from your throat. That little sound, for some reason, prompted Kent to shift his grip on you just slightly, as if he wanted to lower the chances of accidentally letting you go, even if that was already unlikely to begin with.

Your head fell down and you started to sob. You sobbed, you heaved, you moaned, you were just destroyed, in every sense of the word. You would've hid your face in your hands if they weren’t dirty with your piss.

You were getting increasingly ashamed of how long it was taking you to empty yourself. You groaned weakly as you tried to stop the flow, and you got it to slow down, but your bladder basically punched itself when you did that. You gasped, you were forced to relax again and just not be a nuisance to your body again while it got the respite from a torture you needlessly put it through.

Finally, after what had to be a minute and a half, you were done peeing. Drops still fell from your saturated clothes, but other than that, the only sound in the house now were your and Kent's breaths.

His hands on your arms softened. “Get in the shower. I’ll turn around so you can take your pants off in private.” His voice always sounded commanding, but there also was a certain gentleness in it. Still, you shook your head, refusing to turn around to see him. He sighed through his nose and called your name in an even more tender voice. “You have to do this. You can't stay in wet clothes forever.”

You were about to burst into tears. How could you have gotten to this point?! Being so weak and pathetic that not only could you not hold your pee for just five more seconds, you needed someone to hold you while you peed! You just wet yourself in front of Kent, a husband, a father, a hero of the Ferngill Republic!

And he could see how close you were to erupt into an open crying. He turned you around so you could face each other, but you still held your head down. “I do not judge you for this. Accidents… can happen to anyone. The bathroom floor should be easy to clean, so you didn't make that bad of a mess. Seriously, just focus on getting yourself clean, I’ll deal with the rest.”

Now your shirt was turning wet too, wet with tears. Your shoulders heaved and your whole body quivered. It was so unfair that he was trying to comfort you and here you were, as miserable as ever.

He sighed again, and clearly hesitated to speak for a moment. But then he said something that got you out of your current mental state for a moment. “Want to hear a secret? About me?”

You sniffed and wiped your eyes with the backside of your wrist. With quivering lips, you lifted your gaze to meet Kent's. Your eyes shone with confusion and vulnerability.

Kent took this as a yes, and his features hardened a little. “Don’t tell anyone this, and especially don’t tell my sons, but I…” He closed his eyes, as if preparing himself to say what he was about to reveal. “After the war, I’ve had lots of terrible nightmares. Memories of all the friends I lost, all the death I saw… There were times I woke up and… the bed was wet.”

Your eyes widened a little when he opened up about this. You and him weren't too well acquaintanced and yet, he was telling you this? To make you feel better? Bless his heart… You continued listening.

“And every time, Jodi helped me. She’d calm me down first and then she’d throw anything that had been soiled to the laundry. I would take a shower, and by the time I finished, she already had the bed made again, and a new set of clothes would be waiting for me... Just what kind of person would I be if I didn't help you, after my wife has helped me countless times with the same thing?”

You sighed, feeling like you no longer had anything to be ashamed of. Well, maybe not so much, this was STILL embarrassing, but Kent would not let you feel bad about it. So, you finally agreed to do as he commanded before and took off your ruined clothes, glad to see he had in fact turned around to give you some privacy like he first said he would.

You left the clothes in the washing machine that he had opened for you. You also took off your shirt and left it neatly folded on top of the toilet so you could put it back on immediately after showering. While you showered, Kent cleaned the puddle and sprayed a scented disinfectant to mask the odor. After that, he guarded the door. You supposed he didn't have to, but then again, none of you knew how long it would take for the rest of his family to come home. You supposed maybe Jodi could know what had happened, since she already deals with similar stuff to this, but you really did not want the other two to even suspect you had taken an emergency trip to their home.

Thankfully, your shower didn't last too long, so at least the only noise anyone could hear would be the washing machine, and that was inconspicuous enough.

You heard the voices of Jodi, Sam and Vincent resonating through the house now, so you made sure to stay extra quiet in the bathroom. Jodi in particular sounded louder, as she had walked over to where her husband was, and asked if he was feeling better. He said he was, followed with a “I need to tell you something”. He lowered his voice to a whisper, so you couldn't hear what he was telling Jodi, but you already had a good idea of what it was.

After a bit, you heard a gentle knock on the door and you opened it as carefully as you could. You peeked at Kent through the small opening you just made and he muttered to you. “The boys are in the kitchen. Go to our room and stay there. Jodi will make extra pancakes for you.”

Your heart warmed up so much at that, they were exceedingly kind. “Okay,” you whispered back to him, put your shirt back on and made sure to tighten the towel around your waist before sneaking into their bedroom.

You stayed there maybe for half an hour while they ate, Kent having joined them so his sons wouldn't suspect anything. Your towel was, logically, wet, and you did NOT think sitting with your bare ass on a married couple’s bed was in any way appropriate, so you stood the whole time, sometimes leaning on the wall, sometimes being upright.

To your great dismay, after enough time had passed, you noticed your need to pee had returned. You gasped when you felt that first twinge, which did not waste time in turning into an ever present pressure that already had you a bit overwhelmed. You grabbed your crotch, tears pricking at your eyes. Your mind immediately went back to all the other times you had previously held to your very limit. Every time you did it, you ended up with a weakened bladder, and you’d be in need to make more frequent visits to the toilet until the next day rolled around.

As you could already infer, today had also been one of those instances where you had pushed yourself so hard that your body refused to keep playing games with you. But without Kent guarding the door, you didn't feel safe going to the bathroom. So, as uncomfortable as it was, you just had to hold this load too. ‘I should be fine’, you said to yourself, ‘I know I can hold this and more…’

Thankfully, you didn't have to wait horribly long for the family to finish eating their dinner, they soon dispersed out of the kitchen. The couple returned to their room and you got a sudden sense of shame that prevented you from asking if you could pay their toilet a visit. Jodi had been kind enough to give you a plate of pancakes, so you continued standing in their room as you ate them, trying to keep the shimmying of your thighs subtle.

But Kent, with his impeccable vision that was capable of detecting any movement, could tell the new trouble you were in. “If you need to go again,” he spoke, and you could already feel the blood go up to your cheeks, “you can use the toilet. The boys are in their bedrooms now.”

Jodi hadn't caught up on your small desperation, but now that Kent had pointed it out, she gave you a soft look with an encouraging smile. “That's right, sweetie, you don’t need to be shy. Neighbors help each other.”

“R-Right…” you said with a mouthful of food. You wanted to finish the meal first, but being told you could go whenever you wanted was making it a bit harder to hold. You had to excuse yourself and you walked as quietly as you could to the bathroom.

It felt wild, how your bladder revolted when your eyes landed on the toilet. Like, seriously, what's the rush? You stifled a moan and wobbled to it, untying the towel around your waist so peeing would be easier.

It took you a minute, but you eventually let go. The pulsating of your bladder stopped and was replaced with a sensation of relief that was very similar to the one you had experienced an hour ago, though far less intense. Your body still did a little shiver of pleasure, and you pushed a fist onto your mouth to help you stay silent. Oh, it just felt so good to pee…

Of course, this time you peed for a far shorter time. You took a look at the washing machine, which was now in dryer mode, and saw that your clothes would be finished in five minutes. Not bad at all! You tied the towel back where it was and you returned to the bedroom, of course having asked first if it was okay for you to come in.

You thanked Jodi for the meal once you finished it, and told her that the dryer was going to stop in five minutes from now, just so she would know. You took the instance to also thank her for being willing to do the laundry for you. She said that it was no problem and immediately went to the kitchen to wash the dishes.

For a bit, you and Kent just stayed alone in his room. It was awkward, definitely, but it also wasn't so bad. He trusted you with a secret, and you trusted him with yours. You wouldn't say you were friends, but… but you knew you could count on each other. And that made you smile.

*004*2024-06-13 23:58

Chapter 3 - An Impatient Patient

(Content warning for mentions and small descriptions of injury and medical themes.)

Someone is waiting for you on level 100 in the skull cavern…

That was what yesterday’s note said. You wanted today to be a day of mining in the normal mines, but to hell with that now, this secret note was setting you up for something much greater! You could feel your heartbeat every time you reread the note, it gave you chills. Who was waiting for you there? Why, in all places of the world, was this secret note resting beneath the soil of Stardew Valley?

The only way you would ever find out was if you reached level 100.

You’d gone on multiple hunts in the skull cavern before. You were not prepared at ALL your first time, and barely came out of it alive after going down less than ten floors. But with time you perfected your strategies. Still, you had never gotten past level 50, and now this note was telling you to get to level 100… if you weren't one for challenges, you would've discarded the note entirely, but you're a stubborn and resolute person, as well as a decent fighter and miner. You wanted to test yourself and find out what lay in floor 100.

Your luck for the day was also high. It was like the universe was telling you to go on this mission! So as soon as you could, you boarded the bus to Calico Desert.

You checked your backpack one last time as Pam drove you there. You had lots of coffee, various foods, bombs of all types and, of course, your pickaxe and sword. You had also crafted a few staircases just in case you ever needed a bit of help going down difficult floors.

An air of determination encased you as you ran to the entrance of the skull cavern. You hadn't felt this alive in some time now! A tiny part of you was admittedly scared, but for the most part, you felt so ready to just tackle anything that came your way.

You downed a nice, big triple shot espresso and a plate of crab cakes before actually heading in. NOW you were ready to give it your all.

You inserted the skull key into the keyhole and your quest began.

The first 20 floors were kind of a breeze. You got hurt at times, but you always managed to heal back up before things got too critical. You used all your tools to your advantage and descended relatively quickly.

After floor 35, you needed to drink more coffee again, since the espresso’s effects from earlier had worn off already. Not a problem, you had lots of coffee with you. You wouldn't run out.

Things were definitely getting harder now. Coordinating when to break rocks and when to swing your sword at monsters became an increasingly messy task. It was also at this point that you felt like maybe, just maybe, some decent amount of liquid was sitting in your bladder. It was still something that could barely be felt, so you didn't pay it any mind. There was much bigger stuff for you to worry about, like the fact that it was almost noon and you weren't even halfway down. You should really hurry it up.

You decided you should use some staircases too, otherwise you might just not make it to your objective. So that's what you did. Every time a floor was giving you a mildly hard time, you just shoved a staircase into the ground and descended. ‘This makes for a good boost ahead’, you thought.

And just like that, you were past floor 50. You broke your record! You drank some more coffee to keep you running, ignoring the small pangs of need flaring from your middle. You could do this! You could take on anything tha–

Infested floor. Gosh dammit. To your dismay, it was packed with iridium bats and huge purple slimes, even the occasional serpent would show up to give you a mini heart attack, as well as a gash across your skin whenever its spikes touched you.

You reached into your backpack and felt a bead of sweat run down your forehead as you saw how little food you had left… you could be in serious trouble if you ran out. You tried to deal with all the monsters on the floor, because you stupidly used all the staircases you had brought with you, plus the staircases you crafted along the way with the stones you managed to collect. You wanted so badly to descend quickly that you forgot to consider the very real chance that an infested floor could get in your way.

‘Never will I let my confidence get to my head like that again’, you thought miserably. If you had any staircases left, you could just escape this hell and be somewhere else! But that wasn't an option for you right now, so you had to completely rid the floor of monsters before anything else could be done.

The iridium bats were especially a nightmare. Those pests dealt the most damage out of everything else in these cursed mines! If you got hit by one even just twice, you’d already feel yourself hanging on by a thread.

It was excruciating, but you managed to kill all the beasts, granting you the opportunity to finally locate a ladder. You found it, but didn't go down right away. You checked your backpack for food and… there was only one piece of bread. Literally.

Your heart beat anxiously as you picked it and ate it. You barely felt any better after consuming it, but what other choice did you have? You did, for a brief moment, consider leaving, but something tugged at you to keep pushing just a little bit more. You weren't AT death’s doorstep, which meant you could, with some luck, precision and skill, keep going down and stay okay.

Your nervousness woke your bladder back up again, the fullness having increased to maybe half of your capacity.

The idea of peeing on mine floors was too bizarre and uncomfortable for you, not to mention you would be wasting precious few seconds IF you were able to get yourself to piss at all.

“Dammit… Let's do this!” You said to yourself, adjusting the straps of your overalls and patting yourself on the face. If no one was around to pep you up for this, then you would do it yourself.

You descended one more floor, knowing you couldn't allow yourself to mess up any longer. You were extra careful whenever you slayed monsters. You were doing great, but right as you located a staircase by the opposite end of that one floor, you heard a serpent coming your way. You tried to get to the stairs as quickly as you could, but the flying beast got there before you.

“GAH–!” You yelped, receiving a gash across your forehead. You threw yourself down the stairs since you had the time, thankful that you didn't HAVE to fight that monster, but still, the scare and injury it gave you put you very on edge. You were starting to really doubt your ability to reach your objective.

What floor was this now? Probably level 53… man, barely ahead of your last record and you were already on the brink of losing. You felt little drops of blood run down from your gash, which caused your left eye to close by reflex to protect itself from the red fluid.

You wiped the blood off so you could open your eye again, you needed them both if you wanted to see monsters coming at you before they hurt you! But seconds after wiping the blood, more dripped down. Maybe you will have to do this with just one eye after all…

You tried your hardest, you really did, but your increasing lack of faith in yourself, the exhaustion of mining and fighting for the past three or so hours, the pain that remained in your body from previous blows dealt to you… it was all starting to play out against you.

A slime jumped at you from your blind spot, quickly immobilizing you. You swung your sword at it, but it hit you a second time before you could kill it off for good. And you got so distracted by the slime that you didn't see the iridium crab that had been creeping up on you, alerting you of its existence only by scratching so hard against your leg that you knew instantly that a big bruise would form there.

You heard a serpent coming from your right and, in a panic, you ran to your left, disturbing an iridium bat from its slumber. You turned left and right in your spot as you tried, with your altered depth perception, to estimate which monster would get close enough first so you could attack it before the other.

But as fate would dictate it, they both flew to you almost at the same time, giving you no chance to attack any one of them without getting hurt yourself. Now you felt a wet, painful warmth come from your arm.

Ignoring the new injury, you slashed your blade across the air, focusing on the bat and serpent that were now, thankfully both coming from the same side. Your body shook with unease, but you tried to tell yourself this was in your control now. You just had to kill these two monsters that attacked from the front and you would be okay.

And for a bit it really seemed that simple. That is, until you heard a wet, bouncy noise come from behind you. Your waist rotated so you could look behind you and you barely caught a glimpse of a purple slime that had wanted to jump at you. You didn't feel any pain when it charged at you, so you assumed it probably passed through in between your legs, since they were open in a battle stance.

By the time you focused again on what was happening in front of you, the iridium bat was already too close. It used its claws to scratch your shoulder badly.

“OW!” You shouted, actually dropping your sword because of the sudden urge you had to grab your new wounded spot. You realized a second later how grave this mistake was and you quickly crouched down to grab your sword again. By the time it was in your hands again, the serpent was TOO close to you, and you couldn't send it back with a slash of your weapon, you could only block the attack as best as you could to earn yourself one or two seconds.

But then the bat from behind you screeched again. ‘WHY?!'

Your mind felt very clouded, this was too much all at once. Your body hurt and bled, your attention was split, your fear was at an all time high and–

In the nanosecond you looked behind you to check how close the bat was to attacking you again, the slime jumped at you again, this time landing a critical hit right to your torso, right on the bladder area. Oh yeah, you ALSO needed to pee on top of everything else. A shaky spurt escaped your urethra and you fell back, the world closing in on you.

That damn slime was the thing to take you out. You felt so close to passing out before, but that last punch had been too much.

Your bladder tingled from the impact, your arm and forehead kept bleeding, your strength left you rapidly and your eyes rolled to the back of your head as your eyelids suddenly became too heavy to keep open anymore.

The world around you went silent.

.

|

.

.

|

.

Everything was dark.

You barely felt a connection with your body.

You could vaguely hear the things around you.

The buzzing of electricity, shoes stepping on a tiled floor and then, a voice.

It spoke to you, calling your name first. You swear you could recognize that voice from somewhere… it also told you to take it slow. Easy now.

And then you felt it, dull pains flaring from many points in your body. You felt a surge in adrenaline and you tried to move, but found that your limbs felt stiff and weak. The person speaking to you laid their hands on you, gently guiding you back onto the bed. Once again, they told you to go easy on yourself, and then you recognized why you found the voice to be familiar.

It was Harvey, the doctor of Pelican Town. If he was trying to keep you in bed and you felt weak and the last thing you remember was being attacked by a horde of monsters, then…

You opened your eyes and instantly closed them again when your eyes were overwhelmed by the brightness of the LED lights that hung from the ceiling.

Yep, no denying it now, you were in the clinic.

You found your throat was a bit hoarse too, but at least you could still speak. “H-Harvey…? What… What happened?”

“Someone found you battered and unconscious,” Harvey spoke, “I had to perform emergency surgery on you!”

Surgery?! That… explains why you felt so run down. Your injuries must've been really serious if they required that level of intervention.

You turned your head so the lights wouldn't attack your eyes the moment you opened them again. Your eyelids rose and you saw stitches across your arms, as well as several bruises scattered around. Wow, you were beat up bad.

You couldn't see your legs, but they sure as hell felt painful too. Come to think of it, they felt worse than when you had been down there… those damn monsters must've kept attacking you even while you were unconscious. That sounded VERY likely… good Yoba, you could've died…

“Please be more careful next time,” Harvey said, “I’ll leave you to keep recovering. At least you’re stable now, but that was a BIG scare.”

You bet it was! But hold on, Harvey said someone had found you… who the hell could've been in the skull caverns that day too?! You had NEVER heard of anyone venturing down those cursed mines, at least no person currently alive!

You were about to ask Harvey who had found you and, presumably, carried you all the way to the clinic, but by the time your thoughts were clear enough to be voiced, the doctor was gone.

‘Well, screw me and my question’, you thought dimly. You closed your eyes again and focused on the sensations in your body. You're not too sure why, you KNEW it was all pain, but it's not like you had much better to do when you lay weakly on a bed like this.

You lifted your arm up slowly and felt around your forehead, feeling the patch that had been placed there. You traced your fingers across your stitched wounds. You pressed softly on your throbbing bruises. You passed a hand over your pulsing midsection, noticing…

‘I have to pee’, you thought suddenly.

Your bladder felt irritable and upset, making you remember that last blow. You even remembered leaking, but after that, everything just went dark…

You… supposed it would've been really easy for you to completely piss your pants after going unconscious, but apparently that had not happened. ‘Well, that's a relief!... Wait, it's actually not.’

Sure, knowing your clothes probably weren't soiled was nice, but if you HAD soiled them, you wouldn't be with a full bladder now. Pros and cons, eh?

Where were your clothes though? You were wearing a hospital gown right now. You paled at the mental image of getting undressed while passed out, but you tried to get all those bad thoughts out of your head immediately. Having a change of clothes was common in healthcare, especially when it came to big procedures like surgeries. Feeling around a bit more, you noticed that the underwear you put on earlier in the day was STILL on you, small damp spot and all. So you HADN'T been totally naked at any point! You sighed, your nerves fading pretty quickly after finding this out.

Now the only thing you had to be anxious about was your filling organ. It had been more or less half-full before, but now… it felt pretty heavy. You pressed lightly with just the tips of your fingers, your bladder was in fact jutting out slightly, hard to the touch.

You groaned and stopped pressing. It wasn't doing you any good. The only things allowed to press now were your legs, against one another that is. You felt wave after wave pass through your bladder, the poor thing demanding release.

You took another deep breath and tried sitting up so you could then stand up and walk to the bathroom, but when you were halfway done with just the sitting up part, you felt a re-dampening of your underwear. A second leak.

You fell back on the bed and squeezed your crotch for a few seconds, your lips pursed. You did not see that loss of control coming, it was so sudden… you supposed having your body in a much weakened state explained why you’d have a harder time, but it was still surprising.

You decided to try again. This time, while you were sitting up, you felt your urethra quiver, but you insisted on at least being able to sit completely. You somewhat managed to do it, but the SECOND you parted your legs so you could get out of bed, a larger leak dampened your underwear. You closed your legs again and allowed yourself to fall back on the pillow, taking small, shallow breaths as you silently begged your body not to release anymore. The urge seemed to pass and you fearfully tried sitting up again and–

Hss!

Yeah, no, you’re not doing this. A third leak was too much, any more and you were sure you’d start to stain the bed. You crossed your legs together, wincing as the bruises and stitches on them rubbed on one another, but you had to cross them and hold yourself with both hands to calm your body down.

“Oh no…” you whispered. It had become clear that with your strength totalled, you could either stay down and hold it, or get up and piss yourself. You couldn’t move and stay dry, that was too much for you to handle. Your teeth grit together as you realized that you were going to need the doc’s help for this.

Naturally, you called him. “Harveyyy?”

Your voice was also weak, so you cleared your throat and tried again, barely getting it to sound any louder. Harvey wasn’t coming.

You took a breath and got one of your hands out of your crotch. Your muscles didn’t appreciate the diminished pressure, but you hoped knocking on the wall next to your bed would alert him. So you did just that. And you did it again. And again… no response.

Where could Harvey have possibly gone to? You don’t recall hearing the door to the clinic opening and closing, so he had to be in the building still, but he didn’t hear you. You knocked harder, but that didn’t work.

Your bladder flared again and you tried to hurry in burying your hand back in there. “Mmmf…” You looked around you. There wasn’t a button to call him, and you couldn’t see any objects in your vicinity that could be used to make a bunch of noise.

You… were in a lot of trouble, weren’t you? Was waiting for Harvey to decide to come back on his own the only thing you had left to do…?

“Harvey–!” You screamed to the best of your ability, but your throat did not like that. Your scream was cut short by a small coughing fit, which prompted your pee-hole to dribble a bit more. You grit your teeth and pressed your hands as tightly as you could against your opening, until you no longer felt at a massive risk to leak again.

You sank into the bed even more, breathing heavily. So much for a ‘best luck day’... here you were, at fate’s mercy, not knowing if you’ll be able to relieve yourself somewhere appropriate or if you’ll end up soaking your clothes and the sheets.

As usual, you supposed the only thing you could do was… your best. Literally, you were going to try your best to wait. It’s not like this is an uncommon occurrence for you, so you took a few more breaths in an attempt to calm down. You would not cry defeat until you literally lost all control of your body.

So you waited. You checked the clock on the wall, which read 4:30 PM. You had a vague idea that it was sometime past noon when you passed out in the skull cavern, so it had been, at MOST, maybe three or so hours since you lost consciousness. You remembered thinking that your bladder was already half full by then, so it made sense that it would’ve filled up even more if it truly had been that long.

‘Gah, why am I thinking about pee so much?!’, you realized. This was so silly of you, overthinking the speed at which your bladder filled up was only gonna make this worse! You had to distract yourself with something else. ‘Uhh, let’s see… The clock looks kinda nice… These lights are too bright, why… This room is so empty, but that makes sense, it’s meant to be a recovery room… There’s a trash can over there, though… It doesn’t look very full, I could pee IN it. If only it was clos– Ah, dammit!’

Try as you might, almost all thoughts led back to your need eventually. You couldn't help it, you were just… so full. And your body was barely willing to stand any more physical efforts. You thought for a moment that if it wasn't for your desperation, you could be napping right now.

You just groaned inwards and squeezed your crotch again. Just be patient…

But you were pretty impatient. How could you not be, when you felt like you were about to piss your pants? You hoped Harvey would check up on you soon. That's something he has to do as a doctor, right? Your injuries were pretty bad, surely he’ll need to pay you a visit every once in a while to make sure you’re still okay, right?

And yet, he took a whole hour to come back to you. In that time you had gotten too desperate to think of anything else at all. You did not dare to unglue your hands from your groin, you did not dare to move on your own, unless it was to squirm as if you were trying to escape your own body. Your legs could be seen crossing tightly beneath the thin sheets and your skin glistened with sweat from the effort of holding back your massive load of piss.

Harvey needn’t be told what was the matter, it was as clear as day. He first apologized for not checking up on you in the past hour, there were lots of papers he was trying to sort through and he assumed you were probably resting through most of this time anyway. You shook your head miserably. “I need to go SO bad…”

“I’m sorry,” he said, “Do you think you can stand up and walk? Don’t worry, I’ll help you.”

You shook your head again. “I tried, but…” Your blood rushed to your cheeks. “But everytime I moved too much, I… I…”

“Were you in pain? Did you get too dizzy?”

“N-No, I’d… I’d pee… j-just a little, though!”

“Ah…” he cleared his throat. “That's fine, I could get you something to relieve yourself into, so you won’t have to get out of bed.”

Ohh, that sounded so good, yes, you needed a toilet to be BROUGHT to you, and fast! Your holding muscles were going numb, you could feel your control on them slowly slipping away… at least you’ll be peeing soon, right? You made it. Thank Yoba, you made it!

Harvey came back very shortly after with a metallic basin and he set it aside on your bed so he could better help you sit up. You took one hand out from between your legs so he could better grasp you. Another leak, the first after a long time, escaped you as you also made some effort in changing your position. Right after it, you could feel a lone drop beginning to form right at the end of your pee-hole, adding the smallest warmth to your poor underwear.

Speaking of underwear, you had to free yourself of it. And Harvey… was still here…

Suddenly your holding muscles weren't so weak anymore.

“It will be easier if you scoot forward a bit more,” Harvey said, gently guiding your now upright body to be almost standing. A bit of your bottom was still technically sitting on the bed, but most of it was hanging off the bed. You could see how this position would make peeing less messy, but… your shyness started to act up.

Your legs began to tremble and you weren't sure if it was because of exhaustion, pain, desperation or shame. Likely a combination of all.

The doctor grabbed the basin again and placed it under you. “Alright, ready when you are.”

You didn't feel ready. Or well, you kind of did, you WANTED to pee, but your chest tightened with nerves at the idea that he’d watch you do it!

‘He’s a doctor, for Yoba’s sake, he is TRAINED to deal with this type of stuff.’

But reason wasn't enough to get you to go.

You inhaled a shaky breath, trying not to whimper. “Harvey…?”

“Are you okay?”

“I… I’m sorry. I know, uhm–” You hissed in a pained breath as a harsh throb assailed your bladder. “I’m having trouble… g-going…”

Harvey's eyes filled with concern. “How much trouble? Can you not let go at all?”

Your hands at your sides balled into nervous fists. You couldn't look Harvey in the eye. “I’m… I have a shy bladder. Paruresis. Y-You’ve heard of that term before, right?”

“I have,” the doc replied. “Extreme cases often require catheterization. Do you… think that's what you need?”

Your eyes widened and you shook your head so hard you got dizzy. “No! N-No, I… I just… I need privacy. I don't like wh-when people are, uhm, close. But if I could just… relax, then I– I should be able to–”

You writhed in place, eyes pinching shut and going wet with slowly forming tears as your body kept demanding to know what was the damn hold up, which frustrated you massively. You wished you could ask that same question TO your body and its ridiculous habit of refusing relief when it was most needed.

Harvey calling your name got you out of your thoughts. “You can relax here. I’m a doctor, I won't feel grossed out or inconvenienced by you. Taking care of you IS my job.”

He was trying to sound so caring and you felt warm by that. Still, your bladder somehow wasn't convinced yet. You started to think that there was only one way for you to pee, which made you feel bad for the doc, but… if he really had YOUR well-being at the front of his mind, then surely he’d understand, right?

“I know,” you said in response. “And I AM sorry for… not being able to relax. Uhm…” You blinked repeatedly and took in an uncomfortable breath, preparing yourself for the question. “I think I know what to do? But… I think… I think I can only go if you, uh, w-wait... in the other room. I-Is that okay?”

Harvey, against your expectations, smiled. “Of course. Do you think you can handle it?” He asked, already handing you the basin.

You timidly nodded, taking the basin and keeping it below you like he had. With some breathing and calming thoughts, you should be able to start going eventually. Another drop seeped out of you as Harvey was leaving, letting you know that peeing would, in fact, be possible very soon.

You tried not to stress over the angry pangs of need that reverberated in your bloated organ, it would do you no good to focus on the bad. You tried focusing on the things that you knew would bring relief more easily, like how no one was watching you anymore, how you didn't have anything to fear, that you had managed to keep the bed dry and wouldn't be in trouble…

A weak stream emerged from your pee-hole and you slowly released a relieved breath. Thank goodness, you were peeing, and even though the speed at which you emptied wasn't granting you mind-numbing relief, it still felt good. Anything was better than keeping your urine in.

After a bit your stream became stronger, faster, just like you needed it to be. You started to feel all points of tension in your body dissipating, your wounds flaring with dull throbs as they, along with all other muscles, stopped being under stress. Now, the only muscles that worked hard were the ones around your bladder, contracting and squeezing, making you release more and more fluid seemingly without end. So good...

But, then you watched how your piss started to get dangerously close to filling up the basin to the brim and became nervous all over again. You could feel it in your body that whatever you had left could not be contained in this one recipient alone.

“H-Harvey?!” You croaked, hoping you were loud enough that he'd hear you. “I– I need another basin!”

“...What?”

Despite just asking ‘what’, Harvey was already, judging by the noise that started to come from the other room, looking for what you needed. He must've heard you fine the first time and was only at a bit of disbelief, wanting confirmation that you truly wanted another basin.

Still, though, you panicked and sputtered. “A-A-Another thingy, please! I– I was holding too much!”

He took little time in finding it and he soon showed up in the room, placing the new basin above the old one right as it almost overflowed. The sequence of events almost didn't register in your mind with how fast it happened. You had requested to be left alone for this, but you panicked and called Harvey and, just like that, he was in front of you, assisting you and not saying a word, just doing what had to be done.

You were kinda glad he wasn't saying anything. You knew Harvey was a bit of a worry wart and could lose his cool sometimes, but right now, if you MUST have someone watching you pee, you NEEDED it to be someone who could stay calm, for your sake. And he was doing just that.

You sighed in relief again, thought with a hint of nervousness now. Truth be told, you had tried to cut your stream while Harvey fetched the new receptacle, but your whole body was so tired that not even your anxious mind could get it to stop. As unnerving as it was to now have Harvey this close to you while you peed, you supposed you had to be glad your body was acting similarly to when you had an accident, unable to clamp back up. This REALLY had been a close call...

In the next few moments your stream turned into a trickle, the trickle into errant drops, and finally you were dry. Doctor Harvey looked at the two basins, shocked that you had filled one and a half of those things. He took the one you were holding, it was so full that it posed a risk of spilling over if Harvey wasn't hyper careful with his movements. He cautiously poured some of the urine from basin n°1 into basin n°2 to minimize the chance of spillage.

“I’ll… go dispose of this,” he said, leaving for the bathroom. You couldn't say anything to him, you were too dizzy for that. You felt dizzy, tired, but above all, you felt much better now.

You were so wonderfully empty and so amazingly relieved that you felt like you could take on another monster again, but of course, you actually couldn't. You couldn't even trust yourself to lie back down on your own without falling off the bed, so you just sat there, catching your breath, until Harvey came back.

He helped you lie down again and nervously spoke. “Sorry for the nosiness, but I must know… is it routinary for you to… erm, release that much in one go?”

Your face went a bit hot at the question, but you considered it. You had never measured how much you pissed, not by volume, not by length of time, but if you had to estimate, it was sort of similar to your average ‘made it before it got TOO bad’ type of pee. You thought for a moment that you tended to piss more than this in the occasions of accidents or ‘barely made it’ scenarios, but you didn't feel like bringing those up. You just gulped and stammered the only answer you felt comfortable giving. “Uhm, I g-guess so?”

Harvey's tone turned stern. “Those basins have a capacity of seven hundred milliliters. I did the math already, you must've been holding one liter and fifty milliliters of urine. That’s pretty excessive, especially considering you’re hurt. I’m not trying to judge, but I advise you to take more frequent bathroom breaks, for your health.” His voice and features then softened, “you must've been really uncomfortable.”

And you had been! You had a vague idea of what was considered ‘normal’ for adults to hold, and a single basin was already considered to be the absolute maximum by some sources. ‘Well,’ you began to think, ‘I guess this means humans can’t be so easily placed within ranges of numbers like that.’

But still, you were impressed with yourself for holding fifty percent more than the ‘maximum’, after having sustained all these injuries no less! That had to mean you were strong, right?

“Is there something else you need?”

You shook your head. Taking a leak had been the only thing you needed. Now ALL you wanted to do was take that nap that your full bladder had kept you away from.

Harvey smiled. “Understood. I apologize again for not having checked on you sooner. I’ll come back more often now in case you need anything else. Remember, I’m here to help you. You deserve the care.”

And so he left the recovery room, leaving you in complete solitude, in utter peace. You brought the blanket up to your shoulders and closed your eyes. Maybe you didn't get to floor 100, but at least you didn't flood everything around you, and that, you thought, was a good enough win for the day.

*005*2024-06-26 21:39

Chapter 4 - CalamiTea

(VERY small mention of 1.6 content, though it's not spoilery at all)

You scratched your head, eyes trying to open. It was 6 AM and your body woke up out of pure habit. To be frank, your bed this morning felt so unbelievably cozy that you didn’t want to get up. You sat in bed, as if deciding what you would do. That is, until your eyes focused enough to see the row of tea bushes that lay by your wall.

You became more awake and jumped out of bed to check your calendar. It was Caroline’s birthday today! Some time ago you had become good enough friends with her that she let you in her sunroom and shared with you the recipe to make tea saplings. After you got home that day, you immediately made some and planted them in garden pots. Just like she told you, the bushes produced fresh tea leaves for the entire last week of the season, which had been fall.

It was now winter. It had been a full week since you collected the last of the tea bushes’ produce and you had just been storing it this whole time, waiting for the chance to brew it. Well, maybe today was a good chance to get to that. You felt excited at the idea of surprising Caroline with a large insulated bottle full of the energizing beverage, she was sure to love it!

You quickly dressed up and looked through your chests for the leaves. Once you found them, you went outside and walked to where your kegs were. They were done processing their wine, which gave you room to brew the tea. Caroline said at that time that tea leaves only need little processing to become tea, which was all the better, because that way you could potentially go to her house with the beverage in hand before noon.

You began to process all the leaves you had and then you returned home to grab fruit for yet more wine. In the time it took you to place all the fruit in kegs, the tea was done. Wow, now that’s what you call fast! You collected every last ounce and went back inside to give it a taste.

You drank up and you swallowed… the flavor that coated your throat and warmed up your chest might as well have been a direct blessing from Yoba itself. You hummed in sheer delight, this was so, so good! Caroline’s tea didn’t disappoint, and neither did yours! You drank up the rest of it and had to get a new cup. The total amount of tea you brewed ended up being quite abundant, so you could drink a lot of cups at home if you so pleased, and you’d still have a lot to bring to Caroline’s.

This tea was perfect for the season. You were glad you decided to wait until now to make it.

You decided the two cups you had drunk were enough for now, and that maybe you should check other stuff in your farm to make sure everything was in order before heading to the local store.

After an hour, you were ready to leave. Your animals were doing well, your greenhouse didn’t have much to offer, the fences looked alright and you collected some pine tar from your tappers. As to be expected of a winter day, not much was going on. You shrugged with a smile. If this wasn’t a signal that you didn’t need to stay at your farm any longer, then you didn’t know what it was.

You hopped on your loyal horse with the large insulating bottle in hand and headed to the shop. It didn’t take very long to arrive. You left your equid by the side of the shop and stepped inside. Pierre greeted you enthusiastically and you politely greeted him back. You asked where Caroline was, to which he said she was in their room. You went there and knocked. Least to say she was pleasantly surprised when she saw you standing on the other side of the door.

“Hey, Caroline?” You piqued her attention. “Can we go to your sunroom? There’s something I want to show you.”

She hummed in intrigue, but accepted to go with you. Once there, you showed her the insulated bottle. “Happy birthday! It’s green tea!”

“Is it?” She asked with a fascinated spark in her eyes. “Hold on, let me get the cups right away!”

She excused herself to the kitchen and came back in less than a half a minute, smiling widely the whole time. You were already seated by a tea table she had placed in the center, close to her tea bush. You opened the bottle and served the drink to the both of you. Caroline clasped her hands and gasped in delight. “Let’s see what the green tea grown on your farm tastes like!”

You both took a gulp of it at the same time. You waited for her reaction, and apparently she liked it so much that a giggle escaped her. “Oh, this is incredible! I’m… I’m speechless.”

You grinned at her. You couldn’t have been any more glad that she liked it so much. She finished her cup before you could, and she served herself some more, she couldn’t help it. You laughed, since you had done that exact same thing at home.

“Oh, this is so good!” She continued to say. “I would’ve loved to have a warm cup of tea like this a week ago. It would’ve done wonders to my cold.”

“Oh, you had a cold?” You asked her.

“Yes, but I’m feeling much better now. Don’t worry, I shouldn’t be able to get you sick too.”

You smiled at her while you sipped the last drops from your cup. Anyhow, since you had made this tea for Caroline, you supposed that once you drank your cup, you could just go home. You still had green tea there, if you felt in the mood for more. However, as you were standing up to leave...

“Hey, where are you going?” She waved her hand up and down at you. “You can stay! We can keep drinking and chatting, if you’re not busy.”

You weren’t busy… and the offer didn’t sound bad. If you came to celebrate her birthday, then it would be nice to spend a little while longer with her. Thinking about it, the sunroom felt really nice, if you left, you’d have to go back into the cold, bitter wind. You decided to do as she said and sat down again, taking off your outer top layer in the process.

Spending time with Caroline was really fun. You two spoke about so many things. The time you’ve lived in the valley, the lives you two were leading, you shared gardening tips, you talked about books and TV, and a whole array of topics. Time flew by! And throughout it all, you accepted each new pouring of green tea into your cup. This beverage was seriously amazing. You felt like you could take on the day after consuming it! It was like… like it passed through your body fast, leaving a trail of pure energy behind it.

Speaking of it passing through your body fast… you felt a throb in your bladder. Just one, and it was mild, but you suddenly became aware of where all that green tea was going, to the one and only place it could possibly go. But Caroline was in the middle of telling you a very funny story when you felt that throb, and it would be so impolite to interrupt her, so you didn’t say anything and continued to listen. You forgot about your need after a bit, so it was fine.

“Anyway, enough talking about me,” she said in between giggles. “Tell me how your day’s been.”

You set your cup down and smacked your lips. A single laugh escaped you as you were still amused by the story she had just finished telling. “Well, today was uneventful, for most of it. I remembered it was your birthday by pure chance, so I thought to brew some tea leaves I harvested two weeks ago! You know, for being a bush that only gives produce for seven days a season, it sure is worth it! Thank you so much for teaching me how to grow them.”

“Thank YOU for even considering growing them! This little guy here can’t produce in winter,” she said, flicking the leaves of her tea bush. “Even though I’ve read that they can grow more leaves in this season if you keep them in a warm enough place. Maybe my sunroom isn’t insulated enough?”

“Maybe.” You said, gulping down the last bit of this cup. It had to be your third since getting here, if you had to guess. “Though it’s not cold here. At least I don’t feel cold, but who knows? I’m still new at this whole tea thing, I can’t know if my own bushes may grow leaves in winter. I do have them inside, so we’ll see.”

“Keep me updated,” she winked. Then she grabbed the insulated bottle again, holding it slightly inclined above your cup. “More tea?”

When she said that, you felt your bladder throb again. You almost winced at the sensation, but on the outside you remained looking calm and happy. Still, this was a sign that you really should cut it with the drinks. Counting the cups you had at home, you had drunk five cups of tea in total. It wasn’t a small amount by any means when you thought about it.

You politely declined and she set the bottle down. You two continued to talk and now that you were aware of how your bladder was filling up, you couldn’t completely get it out of your mind. You shifted your sitting position to make your legs more comfortable, getting surprised at how your need to pee shot up from just making that movement. You hadn’t leaked, but golly, did you feel close! With discretion, you placed your hands right in front of your crotch. Caroline couldn’t see, because of the table, and your hands weren’t tightly jammed against you either, they were mostly just there for a bit of pressure. Your position could easily pass as a casual way to sit.

She glanced at the table and hummed in thought. “Hey… the tea was amazing, but you know what would’ve made it better? Some cookies! Hold on, let me get some.”

Seems like she still wants to extend your little breakfast together… well, you couldn’t find it in your heart to tell her no, so you waited, giving your crotch a bit of a squeeze with your hands. Just a little squeeze, to keep things in check. But then you heard a different voice come into the shop.

“Happy birthday, Caroline!”

“Mayor Lewis! Hello!”

Lewis? He was here? Well, that wasn’t abnormal, he tended to visit every place in town every so often to collect taxes and stay in touch with how the businesses were doing. You were glad to hear he had brought her a gift too, that was pretty sweet of him.

“You seem to be over that cold already!”

“Yes, I am better now. Please come, we’re having a nice tea party in here!”

“We?”

Caroline opened the door and you saw Lewis. He smiled upon seeing you and gave you a warm hello. You greeted him back, straining yourself a little to look more casual. You saw him carrying a bright pink summer spangle, one of Caroline’s favorites. She told him to leave it next to the flower bed where she cultivated those flowers in the same color, so she could remember to plant it down with the rest later.

Caroline told Lewis about how you were the one to brew green tea, which you learned in that moment was also a drink Lewis loved above the rest. So that’s why she was setting up a third cup on the table now, along with a pack of cookies. He asked if it was true that the tea came from your farm and you nodded. He smiled and took the bottle. Since he had just arrived, he poured everyone a cup out of courtesy, not knowing you wanted to refrain from drinking more. You opened your mouth to say “no, thank you”, but you weren’t fast enough, your cup was already being filled up to the brim again. You just looked at how the waves rippled through the surface of the tea. Would you end up drinking this too? You had no idea. Its glorious aroma was already reaching your nostrils and it made you crave it. Oooh well, maybe one more cup won’t be the end of the world… you could always make up an excuse to leave if it got too bad.

Now it was the three of you in the sunroom. Now it was six cups being filtered by your system and being deposited in the only organ that could handle this load. You engaged in the conversations as much as you could, even taking a bite out of a cookie to appear like you were enjoying yourself, but deep down, you were starting to get really concerned. It was crazy how fast this beverage went through your system! How could you need to pee this badly already, when the last time you emptied yourself was only… only…

You realized you hadn’t had your morning pee. It was 12:30 PM, you had been drinking tea with Caroline for almost three hours and you hadn’t gone to the bathroom since last night! How did you manage to stay this long without relieving yourself?! To be honest, six cups did sound like enough to have any person squirming, but you also had a full eight hours of sleep in which your kidneys still produced urine, still filled out your bladder progressively.

You bit your lip and bounced your knee, grateful that Lewis and Caroline were too deep in their own conversation now to notice you. Now that you had made these calculations, that you knew how much your poor bladder was really holding, your need to pee had gotten a lot worse. It was like your bladder was telling you “told you so! We need to go!” whenever it cramped.

You really tried to focus back on what the other two were talking about so you could comment on it, but the reality was that you had really zoned out and couldn’t pay full attention from that point forward, because every so often your sphincter would quiver in such a way that you had to gather all your energy into not letting go.

Eventually, Lewis stood up and so did Caroline. You didn’t dare stand up, not right now that a spasm was hitting your poor midsection. You barely heard them talk about lunch, how it was time to go eat. Okay, maybe this is your chance to leave. You just have to get yourself under control again so you can–

“By the way, would you like to have lunch with us?” Caroline asked, standing under the door frame.

“H-huh?”

“It’ll be 1 PM soon! I need to start cooking for us all. We still have rice from yesterday, so how about a stir fry?”

Your body got more jittery as it started to realize that relief time would still be a long way to come. You tried to keep the bouncing of your legs as discreet as you could, praying the table was doing its job. “Won’t I… w-won’t I bother you, though?”

“Not at all!” Said Caroline. “Feel free to stay in the sunroom and relax. You're... looking kind of antsy all of a sudden." Her smile got gentler. "I assure you, we don't mind having visitors."

And with that she left. She closed the door behind her so you could have extra privacy. And boy, were you gonna need it, because the urge was becoming so intense that you could no longer reliably hold it with just a bit of bouncing and a small aid from your hands. You had to fan your legs open and closed and shove your fists tightly against yourself, you had to stop smiling gently to appear to be fine and you had to allow yourself to squeeze your eyes closed and grit your teeth, all of this just so you could be in relative control.

But even then, with all these measures taken, your muscles were starting to give out. It was just… too much! There was too much pee inside you! Your bladder felt like a heavy ball that sloshed with each breath you took. You swallowed down a groan when you felt your underwear become damp and warm. You shoved your hands a bit deeper and that seemed to stop the leak, but you could barely tell by feeling alone. Your area down there was so exhausted that it had gone a bit numb. Your pee sometimes escaped you in small amounts and you couldn’t even feel it exit your body. It sure as hell wasn’t bringing you any relief either.

You opened your eyes and blinked the tears away. You looked down to examine your clothes, but what you saw instead shocked you even more. You stared at your abdomen. It looked swollen. Your pants’ waistband was pressing down on what was clearly your bladder bulging. You lowered the waistband until it was right above your pubic area, knowing this should grant you at least a smidge of relief, but this action caused your knuckles to brush against your painfully bloated organ.

You spurted a bit more and you whimpered at the heightened pain. You didn’t want it to be audible, but your body couldn’t contain the little cries at the knowledge that you couldn't escape an emptying for much longer. If your bladder was bulging out after hours of no rest, then that could only mean you didn’t have much time left, this you knew from previous experiences. You were going to piss. You were going to piss your pants and there would be no way to stop it.

You breathed as carefully as you could, wanting to avoid the mess that would unravel sooner rather than later. Eventually your bladder stopped trying to kill itself, but it still pulsated agonizingly. 'Just what am I going to do…?' You thought, filled with dread.

Caroline called over the family for lunch and you joined. It was too late to attempt to head home now. You were completely silent as you ate, while the other three chatted happily, not aware at all of just how much you were suffering. At least the stir fry was good, and it was a good portion, not too big, not too small. A glass of water had also been placed in front of your plate so you could wash down the food. You refused to even look at it.

Just like before, you took advantage of being seated under a table to grab yourself and squirm in just about any way that could help you as long as it was from the waist down. But trying to keep your upper half immobile while your lower half fidgeted and twitched and spasmed was the most uncomfortable thing you could’ve been put through, it was making your lower back ache.

Pierre wiped his mouth with a napkin and took a big sip of his glass, setting it down on the table with a light thud. He sighed, satisfied, but you just shuddered. “Thanks for the meal, honey! Now, if you excuse me, I must return to the storefront right away.”

Caroline also stood up and began to pile the empty plates one on top of the other. Good, you may have a chance to ask where the bathroom is since everyone’s getting up. You HAD to use the bathroom here, somehow, or you’ll seriously wet yourself on the way back home. “Okay, Pierre. Abigail, will you help me with the dishes?”

Abigail huffed in annoyance, but she soon rectified herself. She didn’t want to seem rude. “Uhm, sorry, mom, but I wanted to take a shower right now.”

‘What?! No way…’

“Right now?”

“Yeah, I want to go to the Cindersap Forest!”

“Abby, you go there every week. Do you not get tired of being in the middle of nowhere?”

Abigail rolled her eyes, trying to keep the annoyance in her voice low. “It’s not the middle of nowhere, mom. Come on, it’s not like I go there to do any bad stuff! I just– like being among the trees.” She finished, as if hesitating to be honest about why she liked going there.

But Caroline didn’t press any further. She sighed, trying to stay positive about it. “Alright, Abby, you can leave.” Then she turned around and called your name. “Will you be going home now?”

You were frozen, you didn’t know what to do. You felt like you were finally ready to get over your shyness and excuse yourself to the toilet, but someone else was going to be in the bathroom! You shuddered, another leak coming out and being contained into your hands. Gosh dammit, your bladder HURT.

“I-I’m–” you squeaked, your whole body quivering. “I’m just gonna… go… back to the sunroom…”

Caroline didn’t say anything as you slowly stood up, your thighs pressed against each other tighter than opposite magnets. She must’ve been worried for you, but since you refused to tell her what was going on, she just allowed you to return to her little sanctuary.

She started to wash the dishes and the sound of the faucet running was so tortuous that you would’ve felt less bad listening to the screams of people in hell. You didn’t dare to sit down, you knew that would send your bladder right to its death, but you also had a hard time standing up, your legs were so weak. Your back ached. Your sphincter was numb and tired. Your bladder was literally bulging to show the world how reckless you have been with yourself!

Your eyes formed tears from everything that was going on, and the tears soon fell. Your vision was completely blurry, and you could only wobble in place with both hands trying to provide a barrier to keep the dam from breaking.

But the pressure was just… insurmountable. HOW were you still holding?! You knew from deep within your core that you should’ve burst a while ago! And yet here you were, still fighting a battle you had already lost. If you weren’t so damn bladder shy, you could’ve stood up and gone to the bathroom, and you would be OKAY now, but no. No, life couldn’t be so simple for you. Now you couldn’t even use the bathroom even if you wanted to, because Abigail was showering. You didn’t know if that meant the door was locked or not, but you were a guest in this house, you could not barge in while someone was showering! That would get you banned from the store!

You picked up on how the faucet was no longer spraying out water, but this hardly did anything to soothe your urge. Caroline came back and she immediately noticed how wet your eyes were. “Are you okay?” She called out gently. “Why are you crying?”

You couldn’t speak. Speaking was too much for you right now. Everything in your body was focused on the one and only objective of containing your pee. Your mouth trembled, you just wanted to say what was wrong.

Caroline eyed you up and down. Your body cues were obvious, there was no way anyone could mistake this for anything else. At least she could guess for you. “...You need the restroom, don’t you?”

A very pained whine came from the back of your throat and you nodded fervently. Oh, she had NO idea how badly you needed it.

“Uhm, okay! Well… oh gosh, I would tell you to just use ours, but Abigail is using it, and she has this habit of taking long showers… ah, right–” She snapped back when she saw your knees shake violently and your leg get a long wet patch. You did not have any more time to spare. She concluded that you would have to use someone else’s bathroom. It was truly your only option. She crouched down to pick up your top garment and helped you to the front door of the store.

The two of you took one step outside and the winter air hit you like a train.

“Ah, ah, ahh–” you moaned desperately, feeling your groin get really warm really fast. Caroline could see the liquid coming out in such large quantities that it basically osmosed through your clothes. This told her she needed to hurry.

“Come on, let’s go to the saloon,” she encouraged, keeping hold of you by your shoulders. “Gus lets everyone use his bathroom. Just a little more…”

She tried to be supportive, but your body was failing you no matter how many words of encouragement were thrown your way. Your pee was coming out in a thin stream, but your urethra was shaking so much that it could open completely at any point now.

And it seemed like that point was now. Your urine came out with a bit more force, you were getting locked up in place. It seemed like for every spurt your bladder expulsed, you regained a smidge of your ability to think and speak. But with your bladder still being so immensely full, you could only get yourself to say one word.

You wished the earth could've opened right below you to swallow you up. In your most pitiful and weakest voice, you squeaked, with a notable stutter, Caroline's name, as if you were begging her to help you, even though she already was doing all she could.

But no help would be enough now. With a last, painful shiver, your dam completely broke down. To say your piss was blasting out of you faster than the water coming out of a firetruck’s hose would have been a fair comparison. It was simply incredible, how quickly you had turned into a high-pressure nozzle, just blasting and blasting urine as if it was your life's purpose.

Caroline tugged at you to at least get you to the side of the Stardrop Saloon, finding this spot to perhaps be the least visible spot in town, as well as the closest point you could reasonably get to. She guided you to lean with your back against the brick wall and you continued to piss fiercely, as if you could possibly do anything else. Caroline stayed close for two reasons. One, to be on the lookout for any passersby; and two, to cover you from their view, so they wouldn't know it was you, the valley’s star farmer, the one who was gushing a torrent out in public.

Your eyes rolled up involuntarily and you breathed deeply with little moans in between. At long last, your overworked piss tank could relieve itself, and every second was glorious. You were vaguely aware of how dangerous this was, peeing in a place where multiple people could see you, but you were too far gone to care at this point. How could you care about that when your brain got flooded with signals of the most blissful relief you’re ever experienced? It sent the best kind of shivers up your spine, and the warmth of your piss cascaded down your legs, making your lower half almost immune to the unforgiving cold.

As time passed, your body slowly understood it was no longer in that critical stage, and you could begin to truly wind down. This was the part where you could no longer be absorbed only in just the pleasure of going, because you’d start thinking about other stuff.

Caroline was right in front of you. Right. In front. Of you. She could see your pants failing to absorb any more fluid, letting streams of pee fall directly from your crotch onto the snow. You were pissing your heart away because you were too stupid to take a toilet break before leaving home for good measure, or too stupid to keep count of how many tea cups you drank so you could know when to stop.

Your body had gotten so lax once you started wetting, but now that some time had passed, you found yourself tensing up again. Your muscles down there were pretty much dead, and your bladder, though it had almost gone back completely into your belly, was still so utterly full that you could not stop your stream no matter what you did. But even then, you didn't try to stop. What would be the point? Your dignity was gone and your clothes were anything but dry.

You may have been pissing for almost a full minute, but it still seemed you were only halfway done. Your torrent slowed down, and it was now that the cold started to really mess you up, at least your upper half. You hadn't been able to put your sweater back on while in the store, and the whole-body shivers that had wrapped you up in warmth and pleasure weren't coming as often or as intensely anymore. You scrunched up your face as these negative sensations settled in. The cold, the shame, the sheer vulnerability, the failure…

And your pee still hissed out of you. When would it end?! You were tired of this. You just wanted to be home.

It took another forty seconds for your flood to come to a close. You were overcome with a plethora of emotions. Above all, you felt this strong need to justify yourself to Caroline. Your voice began to be wracked with sobs.

“I’m sorry…” You breathed shakily.

Caroline finally found her voice again, now that you had too. “No, it's okay.”

“I held it for so long…” You shuddered.

“I saw…” She reassured, looking down at your mess. It was so big. She awkwardly used her shoes to shove some clean snow on top of the patches that had turned a pale yellow.

“I didn't mean to– t-to have an…”

She sighed. “No. I should be the one saying sorry. I was a terrible hostess.”

That got you to open your eyes so you could look at her. Your lip still quivered. “Wh…what?”

“I should’ve paid attention. When you stopped being so talkative, I should've asked you then what was wrong. No, I should've let you know where the restroom was even if you didn't need it!”

It wasn't fair for HER to beat herself up for this. Most people are capable of just asking for the toilet when they need it. This happened only because of your… personal issues. “Caroline…” You sniffed. “It's not your fault…”

“You think so? Well…” She looked to the side for a moment, then back at you. “It’s not your fault either, okay? I… I can’t be mad at you, not after seeing how much you had in you. It must’ve hurt.”

You sniffed again, your sobs calming down. “It hurt way too much.”

Caroline reached into a pocket in her pants and gave you a few tissues, said she had them in hand from when she had been sick recently. You had almost forgotten about that. “I don’t want you to get a cold either, so please dry your hands and put this back on,” she said in reference to the outer layer you couldn’t put back on your body before leaving, because that would’ve meant taking your hands away from your crotch.

You dried your hands and discarded the tissues right away. Thank goodness there also was a trash can by the side of the Stardrop Saloon. You then received your garment and asked Caroline a question as you were putting it on and adjusting it. “No one saw me, right?”

She sighed with a little smile. “No, I looked out and everyone seems to be staying in their homes. Lucky you! Or well, as lucky as you can be…” She finished awkwardly.

You did feel better now that you had bundled up a bit more, but you were also feeling… empty. Like your body and mind couldn’t bring themselves to do much else after the sheer intensity of what you just went through. You wanted to be just like the other villagers right now, cozy and unbothered at home.

Caroline looked out in many directions. “No one’s coming. You can come out now.”

You sighed deeply to get yourself moving and you walked to your horse. You hopped on, noting that you’d have to wash the saddle later, but not before taking a much needed shower yourself. Caroline and you said your goodbyes, and you were off.

You couldn’t have been more content to finally be back at your place. For now, your plan was to take a shower, get into clean clothes, collapse on your couch or even your bed for a bit, and then get back to any other chores if you found the will to do them.

And by Yoba, you were going to stay away from that green tea in the kitchen.

*006*2024-07-03 00:43

Chapter 5 - Groovin' Gone Wrong

This had been a pretty average, fruitful day thus far. You crafted some new items to help you around the farm, made yet more artisan goods to sell and harvested the crops that were ready, sowing seeds back into the newly available soil.

You were starting to feel like there was not much else for you to do. Literally, other than perhaps going to the bathroom, it didn't seem like you had any other obligations. So, out of boredom, you checked your journal, and you were caught by surprise by a note you had written the day before. You had a request for a herring.

You shrugged, not thinking much of it. You probably had one lying around somewhere, right? So you checked your chests, but you couldn't find any. What a hassle… you’ll have to fish one up today, if you don’t want to let this villager down.

“Eh, not that hard of a task”, you said to yourself, going to grab your fishing rod, downing some coffee to feel more energetic, and then you headed to the ocean.

It took maybe forty minutes and a few tries, but you eventually caught the fish. You smiled and stuffed it in your backpack, while at the same time drawing out your water bottle to chug some of that good stuff down. It was kind of hot for a spring day, so you were glad you had been carrying it with you.

You closed the bottle’s lid, feeling a twinge in your bladder. You didn't need to go, but you could go if you wanted to. And because of that, you didn't worry one bit. It should take just twenty minutes or so to go back to town and give the herring to the person that asked for it, and then you could be back home to do as you pleased.

And it almost seemed to go that way. The requester thanked you for giving them the herring and gave you some money for your troubles. You assured them it was nothing, but gladly took the gold anyway. And that was it, time to go home. Or that would've been it, if you hadn't stumbled upon loads of people waiting at the bus stop when you passed by.

It was then that a memory from this morning hit you. Sam had gone to your farm pretty early to tell you about the concert his band was going to perform in Zuzu City. That at around 4 PM they’d all board the bus to go there.

Everyone’s heads turned when they heard the galloping of your horse, and you got off your trusted animal to approach the people. Sam was the most excited to see you. “Oh hi, thanks for coming!” He greeted you kindly, and you greeted back.

“Hi, Sam, hey, everyone!” You said to also acknowledge the other people present, like the fellow band members, Abigail and Sebastian. They also said ‘hi’ to you in their own way.

“I… had almost forgotten your show was gonna be at this time.” You admitted bashfully. “I’m sorry.”

Sam’s smile didn't falter. “Don’t be, at least you’re here now.” He gave the back of the bus a momentary glance. “Well, our gear is loaded already… looks like everything’s set.”

You could feel the energy exuding out of him. It was like he had been waiting his whole life for this moment.

“Alright, everyone… let’s get in the bus!”

First, it was his fellow musicians that got on, and everyone else soon followed. Sam was the last to get on board, since he wanted to make sure they were absolutely leaving nothing or no one behind. Once he was satisfied with that, he went on to sit down next to you, since you were alone.

It had been only recently that you had become this close to Sam. You two had built up your friendship slowly, it was almost crazy to think that here you were now, on a bus with him to attend his first concert.

“Man, I’m so pumped for this!” He said, his bouncing on the seat certainly confirmed that. “After so long, we’ve finally reached the final step to becoming a true band!”

“Final step?” You questioned him. “This is your FIRST concert, Sam. I’d hardly call that the end to your musical career.”

“I meant that more like… I guess, our final step in aspiring to be a band?” He corrected himself with an awkward grin. “The first step was getting Abigail and Sebastian to agree to this. Then we had to choose a genre. By the way, I’m still grateful for your help then! And after that it was a whole lot of practice, composing and managing with event planners in Zuzu to get this opportunity. I… I’m happy we will no longer be the type of band that fades to obscurity before we can even take off.”

‘Okay, now that makes more sense’, you thought. You smiled back at him and soon enough the two of you engaged in all other types of conversation, though it all ended up going back to music.

All the talking made your throat feel dry, so you kept sipping from your water bottle every now and then. It's not like there was much else to do on the bus… you kind of wished you had a snack too. Speaking of water, you felt a signal from your bladder again. The coffee must've gotten there by now, and the water was joining it. You had been so surprised to find yourself almost late to catch the bus that you had completely forgotten about the need in your middle. You tried looking around the bus to see if it had a toilet station, but you couldn't see if there was one or not. When Sam asked you what you were searching for, you said it was nothing and pretended nothing bothered you.

And for now maybe that was correct. You weren't dying to piss, though you wished you wouldn't have to get to that point. You didn't really know where the concert would take place, whether it was going to be inside or outside, but there had to be bathrooms somewhere. You’ll be fine.

One annoying thing though was how long the trip was gonna take. Stardew Valley is known, among many things, for being quite remote. Getting from one place to the other EASILY took a minimum of two hours, give or take, and with how big Zuzu City is, it could take longer than that to reach the specific place where the concert would happen.

You felt tempted to ask Sam where in Zuzu were they going to play, but you ultimately decided against it, afraid that he’d naturally ask the question “why?”. You didn't want to admit you were starting to need the toilet when you were probably still under halfway through the journey.

So you kept talking with Sam about random stuff, and sometimes he’d talk with Abby and Seb, who were sitting on the opposite side of the bus. Whenever that happened, you distracted yourself by looking through the window and getting lost in the landscapes. It was all as green as your eyes could see and it brought back memories of your first time arriving at Stardew. You really looked back fondly to that bus ride, as it was your first time truly venturing into the unknown, ready to take on a completely new way of life.

Then at last, after what had probably been nearly three hours of travel, Sam made an announcement. “Okay, everyone, as you can tell by the bus slowing down, we’ve arrived! Please wait for us to get down so we can show you where our concert will be held.”

Oh great news, the bus trip was very close to over! You smiled, even if he wasn't looking, as you bounced your leg. You gripped the edge of your seat a bit anxiously as you watched the other people leave, wanting to get out soon too so you could start looking for a bathroom. But you wouldn't storm off after Sam made the request for people to wait, so you didn't unboard until most people had, and once you were back on the ground, you just stood there, bouncing very discreetly to reassure your body you hadn't forgotten about it and its needs.

You noted that it was slightly hotter here than in Stardew Valley. You supposed it was to be expected, with Zuzu having fewer trees to clear the air and provide shadow. Sam led everyone to a small outside area in front of a stage, saying that this would be where they’d have their debut. It was a pretty small stage, with just enough space for the band of three to comfortably be there with their instruments, but you supposed it was decent enough for first timers. Everyone stayed in the area while Sam and his friends returned to the bus to take their gear out. It was in that small time frame that a vendor approached the tiny crowd with cold drinks, 45g a pop.

With how hot the day was, you couldn't help yourself to a nice, cold soda. The vendor thanked you for your purchase and you felt a small desire to ask him if he knew where the facilities were, but of course, your shyness prevented you from asking.

Though as you saw him leave, you noticed that he was heading to a larger space where you could barely see other stages, with more people waiting for different bands to play. So this little corner you were in was that, a small corner far removed from a larger field where there were likely hundreds of spectators, some waiting for their beloved band to play, some already enjoying the performance of their favorite musicians.

It made sense, when you thought about it, for the stages to be separated like this. That way, multiple bands could play at the same time and their songs wouldn't clash with one another.

So you sipped on your cold drink, reasoning that there had to be some portable restrooms in that wider field. Maybe you could try heading there and find the restrooms yourself while Sam, Sebastian and Abigail kept preparing. It seemed like they were gonna take a while.

You walked out into the open space, taking sips of your drink regularly. You could feel your organ below churning at the added fluids, but it was still within your control, and despite it, you were glad you bought the soda when you did. It was doing a better job than your water at lowering your temperature.

You looked everywhere, scanning the place from left to right, but you couldn't see any sign of a portaloo or outhouse. You hadn't ventured that far ahead, so maybe you would have to walk a little further in. Feeling a bit of anxiety creeping up, you walked forward, noticing that all places in your plane of vision started looking the same. This was… a really large open space, and the stages were positioned in such a way that it became kinda hard to orient yourself. You looked behind you. You could still find your way back to the stage you were meant to be in, though you couldn't see it anymore. You worried that if you did find the facilities, once you got out of them, you would struggle greatly with making your way back.

Normally, these stages had names or numbers to identify them, but you had forgotten to check what the name or number was for yours. A small, but still deeply inconvenient mistake. You looked ahead and behind, wondering what you should do. Your bladder certainly was telling you to keep searching for the portaloos, but you did not want to get lost… how would you explain that to Sam later? Yeah, I missed your debut because of piss. Sorry.

You cringed at the prospect. You couldn't do your friend dirty like this. So, having to concentrate your willpower to your pelvic muscles, you headed back. You were maybe seventy percent full? Maybe more… it was very uncomfortable, but you knew from past experiences that you could hold a large amount of pee in you, and you reasoned that you should be able to hold it throughout the concert, since your liquid intake in the past hours had been more or less average.

Still, your bladder was not happy with you. You tried to ignore it, but it wasn't easy. It sent off a wave of constant pulses that made you caress it to make the feeling less intense.

Right as you returned to your designated stage, the band was setting up Abby’s drum set. They were, of course, not popular or wealthy enough to hire a team to do all the set up for them, so they had to do it themselves. They still needed to set up the keyboard and the electric guitar… those were smaller, but still.

Your thighs trembled slightly, so you pressed them together. So little time had passed since you reassured yourself that you could hold it, but you were now getting concerned that you would fill up too much, too soon. You then remembered that you hadn't found out if the bus had a bathroom and, for a bit, you saw hope.

You approached the group of three as they were making a trip back to the bus.

“Hey,” Sam greeted you cheerfully, “sorry we can't talk much right now. We’re busy setting up.”

“Ah, no worries,” you smiled, “I just wanted to accompany you back to the bus. I… think I left something there.”

“Oh, cool, go get it. Tell the driver to let you in.”

You nodded and did just that once you were there. The driver nonchalantly opened the doors for you and you stepped inside. With a small, restless shuffling of your feet, you walked through the length of the bus, constantly glancing left and right so you wouldn't miss a thing.

You were greatly disappointed to find it did not have a toilet. You sighed through your nose and bit back a whine, shuffling a bit more noticeably now. Your bladder was just as hopeful as you were that you would soon empty it out, so when it realized this would not be the case, it sent stronger signals of need, like a punishment. You crossed your legs and tightened your sphincter as much as you could, until the waves finally wore off.

This was… not painting good for you. But what else could you do at this point? You could still hold it, you knew you could. Besides, how long could Sam’s concert be, anyway? They probably had only a few songs, they were still brand new. That thought calmed you down, so you went back outside, just as the group was heading back to their stage with Sebastian’s keyboard and an amplifier for Sam’s guitar.

“Found what you were looking for?” Sam asked you when he saw you.

You gave him an awkward smile. “Uh, turns out I hadn't left anything behind. It had… been in my backpack all along, heh…”

He laughed a bit too, “well, that's good. We’re almost done unloading. I hope the others haven’t gotten too bored yet…”

“They haven't, at least I don't think so. We’re all just excited to see a local band make it out into the world.”

That made Sam happy, you could tell. He practically beamed at you, and Abby smiled at your comment too. Sebastian was… well, he didn't always need to smile to show he was happy, but that was fine.

“Thanks, really. Sometimes a little reminder of why you're doing this does great things for your motivation,” the blonde one said. You simply grinned back at him.

They went back to fully focusing on transporting the gear, so you, tagging behind them, gave your bladder a soothing caress again. You could feel yourself getting close to that point where crotch grabbing becomes necessary, and all you could do about it was wait, wait and feign to be fine for as long as you could.

You released an uncomfortable breath, your walking becoming a bit awkward with how tight your legs had to stay together so your body wouldn't feel like leaking. At least you had made it back to your spot. It should all be simple from here. Stay, watch the concert, then look for bathrooms again. There was no way you could mess this up.

Sam ran back on his own to fetch his guitar while his friends opened up the keyboard on stage. He didn't take long to come back, carrying the case on his back. You were sure you saw him running back with a radiant smile on his face, the same smile he’d basically had all day, but the closer he got, the more his face changed to one of anxiety. To one of nerves.

You didn't fault him one bit. This WAS a turning point in his musical career, some anxiety was perfectly natural. He must've seen your sympathetic face as he passed by, because he stopped to speak to you, though not without gulping first. “I’m starting to get really nervous…”

You were seriously nervous too, but he didn't have to know your reasons why. “Yeah?”

He nodded. “But well, here we are…” he took in a good breath and exhaled through his nose. He shook himself off and forced a smile back onto his lips. The show must go on, as they say. “Wish me luck!”

“Good luck, Sam!” You gave him two thumbs up and he hurried back to his band. You saw his mother and brother wish him luck too when he passed by them, and he seemed just as grateful for their support as he had been for yours.

If only someone could wish you luck too in containing your flood. Obviously you didn't ACTUALLY want someone to wish you luck in that regard, that would be embarrassing, but the sentiment was there. You could feel your intake of water and soda joining the party below, and you could only sway your hips and control your breathing.

You had to be strong. The guys must be close to ready. It shouldn't be much longer till they’re all set to play.

But since you had never been part of a band, you miscalculated how long it would take them to actually start. They had to make sure the guitar was connected to the amplifier, they had to confirm with one another the order in which they’d perform their songs, and they also gave their instruments a little test, which elevated your hopes a bit too high. Your bladder sent another strong signal of urge and the concert hadn't even started yet. A guy somewhere in the crowd immediately hollered a “WOOOH”, only for the music to fade out seconds after starting. Many laughed, and you would've too, but you restrained yourself, for reasons that were uncomfortably obvious.

Sam introduced the band to the people that hadn't come from Stardew Valley. He was back to looking nervous again. You could tell he wasn't looking at anyone in particular, but you still widened your smile at him, like sending him a silent good vibe. He needed it, and you were willing to put your desperation aside to keep showing him your endless support.

“Here we go…” he said and shot a look to Abigail and Sebastian behind him. They nodded to him, signaling they were ready. The music started.

You released a breath of tension now that your friend had gotten in the zone. Once he began playing, it was like all nerves had dissipated and he had turned into the star he dreamed to be. He had struggled to even introduce the band to the people and now here he was, making the electric guitar look like the easiest instrument in existence to play.

You watched around you. The other attendees were paying attention to the performance, you could catch a few already moving their body a little. You felt happy that Sam had the support of all these people too.

You crossed your legs tight again and tightened the fists by your sides. You were still resolute in fighting off the most obvious signs of desperation. Not only could these other people see you, but the band could see you. You kind of doubted it, they were focused on their instruments, but you feared that seeing you barely contain your piss at bay would distract them, and the whole concert would be ruined because of you.

You pursed your lips and doubled over a bit. It was the most comfortable position you could be in while your body was ravaged by urges to start looking for a toilet before it made one out of your pants.

Then the song ended. You and some other people from Pelican Town clapped, while many of the people from Zuzu screamed in approval. Sam was practically glowing now. “Thank you so much! That was the first track we came up with, but there’s more! Let’s keep going, shall we?”

You heard a collective “yeah!” sound across the crowd, and Sam appreciated the enthusiasm. He tapped his foot on the count of three and the band went on to play their next song. You tried to keep smiling and enjoying the evening, but with how often you had to jiggle your thighs and bounce in place, it was hard. You couldn't even take deep breaths comfortably anymore, not if you kept trying to hold back your piss with a thin ring of muscle alone.

Your head occasionally turned to the area next to the stage, where the wider field opened up. You were sure there had to be portaloos in there, but where exactly were they? You supposed at this point that you could try asking Sam once the concert is over. He should know, he’s the one who planned most of this concert.

The second song was eventually over and you clapped, legs firmly pressed together. You exhaled a shaky breath, wondering how many more songs they had in their repertoire. You hoped not many more.

But what do you know, there was more. The next song was just as good as the previous two, but you could barely focus on the bass or the melody, because you were focused so hard on controlling your body.

It was around half way through that song that you felt it, your first involuntary spurt. Your hand shot to your crotch immediately and you stayed frozen for a few seconds to confirm that you weren't close to leaking again, for now at least. Your eyes darted to the people around you. No one had seen you, they were still focused on the spectacle ahead of them. You sighed, giving yourself a bit of a tighter squeeze before slowly taking your hand out of there.

Well, this is it, you’re getting close to your finish line. You groaned inwards as you felt another, long wave of desperation course through you. You wanted to let it pass without grabbing yourself again, but you couldn't. Your hand had to return to where it had been, and your palm felt a small warmth reach it despite your best efforts.

You straightened up, mentally repeating to yourself that you didn't actually need to pee. You told yourself to focus on the song, that there wasn't anything else to focus on, no organ of yours was under stress, so just… listen to the music… and enjoy it.

The auto suggestion worked momentarily, you stayed a nice couple of minutes feeling very in control, though your bladder never stopped pulsating. Shifting your weight from foot to foot occasionally was everything you needed in that small time frame to keep you somewhat comfortable.

But of course, a simple mantra can’t ward off bodily needs forever. As the band started playing their fourth song of the day, you felt your body try to expel more liquid. You repeated to yourself that you didn’t need to pee, but your body didn't believe you anymore. It decided to push its piss out one more time, and your sphincter was unfortunately not strong enough to keep you completely dry this time either. Your breath quickened in the couple of seconds that it took you to understand this leak was coming whether you liked it or not. You used both hands to block your exit and you tried to tighten your pelvic muscles as much as you could, but the five second dribble was inevitable. You almost whimpered while you tried everything to make it stop.

After it stopped, you stayed frozen in place, taking little breaths to stabilize yourself. Your bladder still pulsed madly, but at least you felt far away from the danger zone to get your hands out and take a look at yourself. There was a small wet spot on your pants, which was making you feel all sorts of negative emotions. Though you supposed most people would not see it as long as they weren't intentionally staring at your crotch. You adjusted your pants to hopefully make the spot less visible.

You fearfully lifted your eyes to the stage. The group was still playing as if nothing had happened. You were glad they hadn't noticed you –or if they did, they didn't pay you any mind–, but you couldn't be glad for long, since you had more pressing matters at hand. You grieved the fact that your desperation increasing turned the music into background noise. You had genuinely been so excited to hear what the guys had come up with…

“Is everyone enjoying themselves?!” Sam asked with exuberance, receiving a lot of yeses and some excited hollers. “That's good! Abigail! Want to do the honors for this one?”

Abigail lifted her drum sticks high in the air. “Of course! One… two… three… four!”

The following song started with a drums solo and some more eager yelling came from the crowd. Very strangely, you felt like the soundwaves, amplified by the equipment, reverberated through your whole body, causing your bladder to tingle with need. Or maybe it was a coincidence, who knew.

Still, as desperate as you currently felt, you still attempted to pretend to be fine, as long as you felt like you could manage it. You bobbed your head to the rhythm, which was about as much as you could do to appear like you were enjoying yourself. In reality, you could only think about how much more this concert would last so you could start looking for bathrooms again. You needed to go really badly…

Your thoughts were so consumed with this concern that you didn't catch how the song evolved until it was over. You offered a few claps, looking up to the stage. You noticed something curious. Sam was still glowing with joy, he was grinning, but his pose seemed kind of tense… Rather than freely using the stage’s space, he stayed in one place for a good while and his legs stayed rigid throughout all of it. For a moment you even thought you could see his knees bending the tiniest bit.

They announced yet another song and you took in an anxious breath. They also said that they were running out of songs, which was a relief, but gosh damn, you needed MUCH more relief than this! You tapped your foot and squeezed your eyes shut, telling your body to keep holding it no matter how uncomfortable it got.

The songs were all more or less the same length, you knew this to be a fact, and yet, to your most subjective point of view, each one was longer than the last. Your hand went over to your bladder to give it a soothing caress again, but you were assaulted by a constricting sensation all around your bloated midsection. This feeling rang VERY familiar bells…you looked down and saw your waistband pressing against a bulge in your tummy. Oh crud, oh no, were you really that full? That your bladder had started to bulge in hopes of storing more piss?

Seeing your literal bladder really messed up with your head. It was like your brain was activating an emergency protocol that would lead to an emptying, so you quickly averted your gaze and tried to forget about it. The bulge was still small. Barely there. Maybe your imagination had made it up! But these silly theories of yours weren't going to fool your brain. An order to squeeze up reached your bladder and your hands had to go to your groin, holding on as best as you could through a horrible shiver that traversed you from head to toe.

“Owww, dammit…” you whimpered. You were getting to the point where staying hand-free for a few seconds wasn't a possibility anymore. Your sphincter was giving up, it just wouldn't do its job if you didn't help it out. You just hoped that no one cared too much about some unassuming farmer keeping their hands between their thighs. You could probably chalk it up to the weather cooling off as the afternoon turned into evening.

And finally, just as you were starting to get really concerned again, the song finished, and Sam bowed to the public, showing that the official debut of their band was over.

People cheered, and even you felt a burst of mental relief wash over you. AT LAST the show had concluded, which meant you’d be free to find a restroom again, or better yet, ask Sam where those were.

“Woooh! That was great!”

“Nice work, guys!”

“I really enjoyed that bass part.”

Sam’s smile couldn't have been wider at that moment. The other band members were also sporting smiles of their own.

“Thanks, everyone!” He said, and despite everything, you found yourself smiling too.

Oh but would your smile fall in the most pitiful way when Sam called all the public’s attention to YOU, saying that his band could’ve never decided on a genre if it wasn't for you. Your posture instantly changed. You stopped being half bent over and you took your hands out of your privates. Sam had only the best intentions, you knew that, but by Yoba, this was the worst possible time to get credit for that! It almost didn't feel real. Your body protested the sudden shift in posture, you had to pee so, so bad, all eyes were on you… you didn't know which one was worse, your desperation or the sudden bout of anxiety you got.

Penny, who had been relatively close to you, but ahead enough that she never really turned around, was now facing you. She had a friendly smile on her face, but you couldn't have been in less of a mood to chat. “So you’re like an honorary member, right?”

Your shoulders tensed up and you tried returning her smile, all while keeping a pose that made holding massively more difficult. You mentally started to beg Sam to say something else, anything else, so that people could look back up at him. You could feel your muscles get numb from exhaustion.

Miraculously, he ended up doing just as you hoped. “Oh! And don’t forget to pick up one of our demo cassettes on the way out… Only 10g!”

Abigail stood up from her seat at the drums, Sebastian stepped away from his keyboard and Sam walked to the back of the stage so he could place his beloved guitar back in its case. No one was looking at you anymore, and the band was more focused now on preparing to leave, so you gripped yourself for all that was worth. Your breaths were short and quick, you couldn’t get yourself to tolerate this desperation as it kept hitting you relentlessly. Your throat made a weird noise as your hole opened up and spurts filled up your hands, the pee soon trickling down from your fingers.

This couldn’t be it. No, please, it couldn’t, you were doing great! You had managed to hold throughout the concert, you could leave now to find the facilities! You could ask Sam! You tapped your foot frantically on the grass, your consciousness yelling at your body to stop this, just stop…

And you stopped. You still felt like you would have a real accident if you moved the wrong way, but you found the strength to stop spurting. You told yourself this was only the result of having all those people look at you, forcing you to take your hands out of your legs. That’s what messed you up, but it was over, so it was fine. You needed to convince your body that it was fine again, and that it would get better soon. A toilet will be found shortly, so please don’t pee yet…

Sam interchanged some words with Abigail and Sebastian, and then he stepped off the stage. This is it, time to ask. He’s your friend, surely he won’t judge you for having to go really bad.

You saw him about to take off somewhere else, but he was stopped by his family that wanted to congratulate him. You couldn’t walk too fast, so you were grateful he was stopped. You noticed how restless his legs were.

“S-Sam…?” You called out once you were at a reasonable distance. His family had already left the scene and was heading to the bus.

He seemed caught off guard when he looked at you. You had both hands glued to your crotch, your knees were bent inwards, you just looked deeply uncomfortable and in a hurry. He must’ve known what was going on.

“Hey… are you, uhm, heading to the restrooms?”

Your face lit up with hope for a moment. “Yes!” You nodded, “do you know where they are?”

He looked disappointed when you asked the question. His upper half slumped, but his lower half soon tensed up. “No, sorry…” All the color must’ve drained from your face, because he got this very apologetic look. “I… I was so excited to just be here and play that I forgot to ask the event planners where the bathrooms were gonna be! I’m really sorry, I mea–”

“Sam…!” You cried out, your voice soon lowering to a pathetic whimper. “I need to go…”

“I need to go too,” he admitted with a tone of sadness in his voice. He completely empathized with you here. “I was just about to go look for restrooms. Let’s go, we can find them together.”

You wanted to cry. You felt so… irritated. Sam was in charge of planning this whole thing and he never bothered to ask something as basic as where the toilets would be? If you were any meaner, you would’ve called him a fool! In your mind, at least, maybe not to his face…

But then you remembered that this was very in character for Sam. Yes, he was ambitious, and yes, he was capable of working hard, he just proved it, but he always had been… disorganized. More of a go-with-the-flow type of guy. He simply didn’t tend to think of the ways in which things could go wrong, so he went ahead with stuff as he saw fit.

You knew he was like this and still became his friend. You couldn’t get angry at him now… besides, he did have every intention in the world to help you find a toilet, so… was it all that bad?

Your bladder immediately contracted as if to say YES, it was that bad! You didn’t need a toilet soon, you needed it NOW! You were literally bulging, how much worse could it get?! But you refused to simply piss your pants. You weren’t that shameless. You pushed yourself forward, Sam walking ahead of you by a few steps. Now that he was out of view from the people that knew him, he was taking a bit more liberty in how much he allowed himself to squirm. Whenever he stopped to take a better look around, he’d bend his knees and fidget. It was clear he must’ve consciously held his pee throughout the whole concert, maybe a bit before it too.

And you knew this wasn’t a competition, but you couldn’t help but think that if he had it bad, then you had it a thousand times worse! You had leaked so much already and continued to dribble tiny drops every few steps you took. You were at the end of your rope here, and the two of you still hadn’t gone further than you initially did before the concert began.

Your mind wandered as you had to concentrate every single fiber of your being into not peeing. Your eyes watered and you pinched them shut, you couldn’t contain all this liquid for much longer, you seriously couldn’t…

“Hey, dude!” You barely heard Sam’s voice call out to someone. “My friend and I really need a bathroom. Do you know where they are?”

You creaked one eye open to see who he was talking to. You recognized the person to be the vendor who sold you that cold soda. Seeing him made your brain chastise you for thinking that buying that thing was a good idea. The soda cans he had were still cold, if the drops hanging on their tin were any indication. The way your bladder lurched and screamed at the simple sight of a few drops was incredible.

The vendor ended up telling Sam that even he wasn’t too sure anymore, but that he kinda remembers seeing some portaloos ‘over there’. You didn’t see where he was pointing, but Sam must’ve seen.

“Alright, thank you so much! Come on, that guy told me where the bathrooms are… you can make it there, can you?” He asked with a sudden tone of doubt.

And boy, did you have your serious doubts yourself. But what other thing could you have told him but ‘yes’? Yes, you just had to try your best and make it to the portaloos without completely soaking yourself. “L-Let’s go…” you muttered through gritted teeth. Your vision was blurry. You could only follow the Sam-looking figure wherever it went, barely dodging the people that were also walking everywhere. You didn’t have it in you to mask your need any longer. You panted openly, sometimes groaning as you started to feel flashes of pain come from your back.

The two of you then encountered an obstacle. By following the direction Sam had been given, both of you had to walk through a massive crowd. You recognized the music that was playing on this other stage, it was from quite the popular band, it obviously was going to have a much larger following. The crowd was so large that there was no way to circumvent it. You and Sam would have to push through.

He looked back at you with a concerned expression. He spoke something, but you couldn’t hear him due to how loud the music was. He must’ve had a hard time hearing his own voice, because he stopped talking and got close to you, so he could speak directly into your ear. “The crowd is too big to go around it. We’ll have to make our way through however we can. Stick as close to me as you can, okay? Or… better yet, why don’t you hold my hand? That way you won’t get lost.”

You shook your head. “Sam, if I take even just one hand out, I’m going to pee myself…”

You were so exhausted. Your body was beyond fatigued. The pressure in your bladder was indescribable. It started to feel like your whole midsection was made of the heaviest metal. Only Yoba could know what would happen if you held yourself with just one hand instead of two…

You heard your name be uttered by Sam. He said it in a soft, yet firm voice. “We can’t go about this any other way. Please hold on. I know you’re strong.”

You almost sobbed as you did as he said and took a hand out. Your body immediately trembled all over, every muscle trying to aid in your hopeless attempt of not losing all control. Sam gasped when he grasped your hand, surely from when he felt its wetness. He was literally holding your pee stained hand. But neither of you had any time to lose. He took your hand tighter and started guiding you through the crowd, excusing himself to the people multiple times as you two squished yourselves against the multitude of strangers.

Your head pounded. This music was so loud, your legs felt so weak, your bladder was practically dying, everything was just too much. You couldn’t correctly feel if you were leaking, and how much if so. Your sphincter was completely numb at this point.

Realistically speaking, you probably spent two to three minutes walking through the crowd, but to you, it had been an hour. You couldn't handle this anymore…

You heard Sam speak, but the music once more muted his words. You watched him whip his head left and right and he turned to look at you with a face you couldn't begin to read. It was like a mix of confusion and dread. He bit his lip, he wanted to say something else to you, but he didn't, he just tugged you again and you helplessly wobbled behind him.

Once the stage had been left behind enough that the music wasn't blasting your eardrums, he spoke again, only after regaining control over his body by jiggling his legs some. “Hey, how are you doing?”

His grip on your hand softened and you didn't waste a second in shoving it back into your crotch where it belonged. You released the most pitiful, longest moan at his question.

“Oh boy… I… I’ll keep looking for the toilets. I thought we’d find them when we got out of that crowd! Dammit, they can't be that far now, can they?” He muttered to himself, and you could only feel control slip away more and more when you understood what his words meant. After this whole odyssey, the two of you could STILL not find a place to relieve yourselves.

You watched as Sam hopped from one spot to the next, wanting to find toilets, but not without getting too far away from you. He was openly using a hand now to help himself stay dry. He stayed in one spot for a bit, stretching his neck to better view what was happening by his side. You didn’t have the time to ask what he was looking at before he took you by the shoulder and started dragging you in the opposite direction he had been staring at.

Now the two of you were behind a half built brick wall that had clearly fallen apart with the years. Away from people, with a tree wide enough to hide a person or two behind its trunk, you and Sam had found an oddly private spot amongst the chaos of musical fans.

“I found the portaloos, but they had long lines,” Sam explained, lowering his zipper. “We’ll have to do it here. You can use the wall or the tree, I promise I won't look.”

The words cut through your mind-breaking desperation and you felt horrified. Peeing outside? With someone else?! Oh no, no no no, that was too much, even your bladder stopped pulsing for a moment, like it knew it shouldn't release if there wasn't an actual toilet nearby.

You shivered with the force of an earthquake and sputtered, “Sam, I can't do it…”

“Yes, you can,” he encouraged, pee dancing in his spot as he was also restraining himself out of respect for you, “in fact, I think you HAVE to do it, and soon. You don't look well at all.”

Your bladder eventually forgot about the shock from earlier and went back to demanding relief with furious throbs and pulses, making you painfully aware that you were simply hurting yourself at this point. There was literally nothing else for you to do now, but to pee.

Sam positioned himself behind the tree and started fumbling into his underwear for his dick. “R-Ready when you are…” he said, and you knew then that you couldn't hold him up. He helped you throughout everything, now it was your turn to get to peeing so he could also pee.

“B-brick wall…” you muttered, letting him know you were going to use that. You had to crouch so the wall could hide your privates from the view of others. You slid down your garments and looked at your bladder again. It definitely was protruding more now. At least this would soon be over. You would grant your body its highly deserved respite, and this whole adventure will be left behind.

Except nothing came out. You tried to relax, you seriously did, but something was causing you to keep it all in even when your pee-hole felt like it was fully opened and ready to spray! Maybe it was the knowledge that Sam was nearby, or that you could feel the evening wind hitting your genitals, or maybe it was all the damn NOISE that was EVERYWHERE, but you couldn’t do it. Your frustration grew astronomically alongside your desperation.

Your mouth was agape, yet you barely breathed. Your midsection kept being assailed with pain, yet it wouldn't accept the solution of peeing behind a dilapidated wall. You heard Sam's stream begin and you barely heard his sigh of relief and, oh man, did this multiply your feelings of urge by a million. In Praxis it should’ve been so easy to do the same as him, but your stupid shy bladder decided locking up was better. It was hopeless. Always hopeless.

After forty seconds of nothing, you decided you should give up and walk to the restrooms instead. If your bladder stayed locked long enough, maybe you could actually use the toilets there. You heard Sam's trickle come to a stop, so you hurried in pulling over your clothes so he wouldn't see you exposed.

You first secured your underwear onto your hips, but left the waistband right below your bulge so it wouldn't be compressed. Then you bent down to grab the pants that had fallen to your feet, but when you did so, your bulge was squished against your legs, knocking all the wind out of you. The sensation was so strong that it caused something in your body to cede, right as Sam came out from behind the tree.

“So, did you do…”

PPSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHH

“...it?”

Before you could pull up your pants completely, your bladder gave out against every wish you had. The urine jetted out in anger, creating this huge spot in your underwear and splashing all over the front of your pants that now hung at mid thigh length. This had to be the most humiliating way to wet oneself by far, and you could not stop, it just kept coming and coming and coming.

Sam stared for a second before yelping and instantly turning around, remembering what he had said before about not looking. He just had no idea that he’d see you only half clothed right at the second you started soaking everywhere. Oh, this was going to haunt your nightmares for sure…

You didn't want to moan or to pant or to groan, but this relief was… it was so BIG, your defeated body had to let its pleasure be known through your mouth. In your attempt to keep back the moans, you ended up whimpering instead, and the heaving came soon after. The drop in pressure was everything your body had craved for the past hour or so, and nothing you could do was going to stop this much needed emptying.

You didn't even know if you should pull up your pants since they were already wet beyond fix, or if you should free yourself of your underwear so you could properly keep pissing somewhere that wasn't yourself. Unable to decide, you ended up doing nothing, you just stayed in the same position you started in.

It naturally took you way longer than Sam to finish peeing. After a full minute and twenty seconds, your stream ceased, and you felt paralyzed not just in body, but also in mind.

That… that happened. Sam saw you with your pants down, he heard your torrent, your whimpers and your heavy breathing. Your bladder now felt lighter than air, but that didn't matter squat when your dignity was broken. If it hadn't been for Sam asking if it was okay to turn around now, you probably would've stayed like that forever, with your hands grasping the waist of the pants while shame crushed you like a hydraulic press.

You scrambled to put them back on, not like that made you look any less embarrassing, they were also thoroughly wet from crotch to ankle. Sam turned around, his face showing nothing but pity for you. “Gosh, I’m sorry… I… I don't know what to say.”

Neither did you. Your lips were pursed and your head hung low. Thoughts of the worst possible outcomes swarmed your mind. At this point you had peed in front of many villagers before, but never was it like this. Every time you were witnessed soaking yourself, it was only one witness at a time and they’d either help you get clean or you’d manage to go back home without anyone else seeing you and your wet pants.

This time it was for sure gonna be different. The moment you stepped into the bus, everyone would know what happened. With so many witnesses, without that strange privacy you had with the individual villagers in your previous accidents, word would certainly spread. Not a single person in all of Stardew Valley would be unaware of your unfortunate habit of pissing yourself.

Your body started to tremble and your lip quivered. Sam immediately caught on to your feelings, of how you were about to cry.

“H-hey, hey, it's okay. I don’t mi–”

“It's not okay!” You exploded in a way that wasn't very characteristic of you. “I– I… Everyone– Everyone will know I wet myself! A-and they’ll tell everyone b-back home…!”

“Not if I can do something about it!” He retaliated, though it was clear he didn't have a clue of how to make you pass under the radar. He looked around aimlessly, as if a solution would conveniently appear in front of him on a silver plate.

You didn't want to fight him anymore. You just wished, above all else, that you could teleport home without having to endure the bus ride. Damn, if only you had a totem with you…

Sam was looking over to where the bathrooms were and you heard him sigh. He looked at you with heartwarming concern in his eyes. “Can you stay here for a bit? I’ll go to the restrooms for some paper. You know, so at least our hands can be somewhat clean.”

You remembered how Sam took your hand that had been working as a barrier against your spurts and your cheeks turned several degrees hotter. You nodded, though, his idea was good. He didn't take very long to come back with a good number of paper towels, all for you. “I already cleaned my hands. Take them all.”

You did as he said. Once your hands were dried, you just dropped the crumpled ball of paper on the ground. Now what? Sam still hadn't come up with a plan to hide your accident and neither had you. The two of you stood there for some moments, contemplating what your next step should be. And then, as if Yoba was trying to give you a signal of how to proceed, another vendor, a clumsier one, passed close to the both of you. You only noticed her when she dropped a can of soda by accident, openly voicing her concern of whether the impact had damaged the tin or not. It hadn't, which made her sigh in relief.

If this were a cartoon, Sam would've had a lightbulb appear over his head. He approached the vendor and you winced, because she immediately looked over and you didn't have time to hide behind the tree or something.

“Hey, excuse me, miss! Could you sell me that soda?”

She looked a bit bewildered at his request. “This one? Sir, I dropped it, it will surely spray everywhere the moment you open it! Here, I still have all these cans in good condition to sell.”

Sam shook his head and pointed at the dented can. “No, I want that one. How much?”

The lady blinked a few times before just giving him the answer, 45g, just like the other guy. Sam paid for it, thanked her and went back to you. He looked almost giddy at his genius idea that you still knew nothing about.

“Okay, do you trust me?” He asked, and a sassier side of you internally said ‘not so much now that you ask’. Regardless, you gave him an unsure yes.

What Sam did next perplexed you. He gave the can another shake, took a deep breath to prepare himself and then he opened the can, pointing it right at his face. The sticky drink sprayed all over his face and hair, leaving wet spots on his neck, as well as the cloth of his shoulders. Then, he pointed the sweet geyser at you, staining part of your shirt, but sparing your face, targeting mostly your wet pants. The action took you by surprise, but you soon connected the pieces. He was going to mask your pee accident as a soda accident.

Sam redirected the remainder of the drink attack at himself, allowing part of his leg, his wrists and his shoes to get wet too. He looked back up at you with a smile. “See? Now the two of us are soaked! If anyone asks, I’ll say we wanted to have a celebratory drink and ended up getting sold shaken sodas by a shady vendor. Should be convincing enough, right?”

A part of you was super anxious that it wouldn't be a good enough story, that people would be able to smell its fakeness from a mile away, but another part of you knew that there was no going back from this. Both of you were wet with soda, neither would manage to dry until it was time to board the bus again, so all that was left was to go along with it and hope that it would work.

You gave Sam the thumbs up to start heading back and the two of you made your way to the stage, where only Sebastian and Abigail remained. They were waiting for Sam to help them carry the drums back to the bus.

“Whoa, what happened to you?” The girl asked, and Sam played his role spectacularly. He bashfully talked about how he, after using the bathroom like he told his friends he would, encountered you around the area and decided to do a toast for this successful concert. The soda he bought must've been jolted at some point by its vendor, because it sprayed everywhere when he opened it. In his attempt to stop the soda from hitting his face, he pointed the can anywhere else, not noticing he started ruining your clothes as well.

Neither Seb nor Abby seemed to find anything wrong with this story. They just made light fun of Sam and told him to help them already with the last of the gear. You marched just a bit behind the three and you saw how Sam’s head turned so he could wink at you.

You grinned, feeling beyond glad that the two of you could stick together like that through thick and thin.

*008*2024-09-11 19:57

Chapter 6 - Unable To Keep Still 

You were proud of how hardworking Leah is. She set up a small online shop for her art like you suggested, and she had been doing well. At first she had one major supporter, but she slowly expanded her follower base. Now, she was even getting commissions from these new fans! Everytime you stumbled across her, she would tell you all about her growing success as an online artist and you always felt great to hear good story after good story. 

So, when she called you one random spring day, asking if you could pose as a model for her next commission, you were quick to say yes. You knocked on the door of her cottage and she smiled wide upon seeing you. 

“I’m so glad you’re here!” She said. “Come in, everything’s ready for us to begin. Can I offer you anything first, though? I got some water.” 

She was already handing off a glass to you, so you felt obliged to accept it and to thank her for it. You weren't feeling that thirsty, though, since you had already drunk a triple shot espresso for breakfast… and maybe a small amount of it was already sitting in your bladder. ‘Perhaps I should've taken an extra pee before coming here…’ You thought a bit too late. But you barely felt anything at all under there, so you didn't worry. You didn’t drink the whole thing, just enough to feel refreshed and to show Leah your appreciation for her hospitality. 

Leah also sipped at a water glass of her own as she showed you where she wanted you to model. It was right by a window. 

“Stand straight.”

“Face me, but turn your head to the side.”

“Spread your legs.”

“Drap your axe over your shoulder.” 

You did all of these things until she determined you were in the perfect position for her to start sculpting. 

“Alright, there you go! Now please stay as still as you can. Thank you, again, for doing this.” 

“No problem, Leah,” you replied. “Happy to help. So, what exactly is your commission about?” 

“So, my client apparently has a lumberjack in the family,” Leah explained. “And they wanted me to sculpt a lumberjack to honor this person’s profession. I think that's really nice.” 

“It is,” you agreed, staying in place, though your eyes tried to look in Leah's direction. “But… how detailed will the sculpture be?” 

“Not very detailed, why?” 

You sighed in relief. “I thought you would give the sculpture my face or something…” you said with a nervous giggle. 

“Oh!” Leah laughed too. “Don’t worry, I wanted your help mostly so I could get the pose and anatomy right. I’ll give this lumberjack vague facial features, since I don’t know what this person’s relative actually looks like. Or who knows, maybe I can give it your face if you’d like?” 

“Oh, no, no,” you shook your head slightly and stiffened up when you remembered you had to remain still. “I… I don’t think I’m very sculpture-worthy. Don’t waste your time on it.” 

“Oh, don’t say that!” Leah said. “You would make for a great sculpture! I wouldn’t mind carving a piece of wood to look like you when I get some free time.” 

You felt your cheeks heating up at the compliment. Maybe you’ll accept her offer, if she insists she’d like to sculpt you someday. “Haha… well, I guess we’ll see.” 

The conversation ended there. You stayed put, enjoying the sun rays that came through the window and warmed your skin. You were feeling good so far, though standing there turned boring after some time, so much so that every stimuli was immediately perceived. You could clearly hear every little chirp from the birds outside. You could see through the light on the floor when a cloud was passing by, partially obscuring the sun. You could feel your bladder churning again, telling you you should go to the bathroom now for maximum comfort. 

That last sensation kind of snapped you from the otherwise zen mode you had gotten into. It still was a manageable urge, but it did get you thinking about bathrooms. The fact that you had a front row view of Leah’s bathroom because of the spot and position you were in didn’t help matters at all. The door to it had been left open and you could see the toilet with its lid up. Your bladder sent a signal of need to your brain again. Seems like it caught on that there was a toilet within reach and it asked to be emptied into it. You tightened up your holding muscles and the urge died down after a bit. It wasn’t time to pee yet, you had barely been here for… how long? You didn’t know for certain, but it didn’t feel like that much time had passed. You could hold it. 

You may have been filling up relatively slowly, but you WERE filling up nonetheless. After what was probably an hour or two of just standing, you couldn’t deny that you really wished to be inside that bathroom, letting go of all the caffeine you had pumped into your body earlier that morning. Worst of all, you couldn’t squirm much. You couldn’t press your legs together or hold yourself whenever a new wave of desperation hit you. Over time your holding muscles became irritated that they had to be the ones enduring this burden all on their own, they wanted some help! But you couldn’t give them that. You would ruin Leah’s sculpting AND you’d make yourself look ridiculous. 

You tried to occupy your mind with other things. You tried thinking of any chores you had left to do on the farm. You thought of the times you fulfilled requests that had been put up on the billboard outside of Pierre’s. You tried remembering whose birthday was coming up next. All of this seemed to work in distracting you from your predicament until Leah made a noise. Your eyes looked over to her as best as they could and you caught her stretching. You spoke with hope before you could even process what you were about to say. “Are you done?” 

“Nope,” she said, your chest clenching in pity. You were hoping the sculpture was done or something, so you could finally go pee. “I was just stretching. Do you wanna stretch too? It can be hard work being a model.” 

Oh, you could actually leave this pose for a bit? That sounded great! You quickly said you’d like that and you didn’t waste a moment in getting out of that uncomfortable pose. Your legs crossed, which felt really good for the couple of seconds that you allowed them to stay together. You took an uneasy breath, feeling how your bladder reacted to the change of posture. You did your best to keep your waters in even without your thighs being juxtaposed one in front of the other and, thankfully, Leah remained unsuspecting of what was going on. 

You eyed the bathroom again, thinking for the umpteenth time about how inviting it looked, but when Leah spoke again, you had a realization. If you used her bathroom, she would hear you. Her house was tiny, no way you wouldn’t be heard. And NO way you could ask her to step out for a few minutes so you could go. Can’t ask someone to leave their OWN house while you stay in there! 

‘I think I’m in trouble again…’ you thought anxiously. Your desperation, though very uncomfortable now, used to feel like it could be controlled and hidden. Now that you realized relief won’t be coming to you easily unless you come up with some excuse to leave, the need worsened. You allowed your thighs to tense up and you took in a big breath of air to calm yourself down. You didn’t want her to find out you had to pee, you felt that would be just as embarrassing as outright telling her. 

“You’re still doing okay, right?” Leah asked you. “You don't need to be all stiff now that you’re resting.” 

Your gaze darted across the floor, the fear of possibly being found out creeping in. “N-No, guess not…” So, very carefully, you eased your position just a bit more and took a deep breath again to appear like you were casually relaxing. You decided to check out what Leah was doing. Thankfully, she wasn't staring at you –or worse, at your tightened legs– like you feared, she was just blowing some sawdust from her statue. To keep the illusion that nothing bad was going on, you decided to do some casual commentary on her work. “It’s coming along nice.” 

“Mmh? Oh, yeah, thank you,” Leah said, having gotten distracted from focusing on her progress. “It almost looks like a human now, at least.” She got up from her seat and reached her glass of water again. “You can drink the rest of your water, if you want,” she added, soon occupying her mouth with the glass. 

You certainly didn’t feel like putting more water in you, so you denied her offer. You kept trying to calm yourself down, telling yourself your need shouldn’t get exponentially worse, considering you hadn’t drunk anything in a while. A few minutes later, you and Leah resumed your endeavors. You stood as needed again and she sat back on her stool. You had to admit it, you had never held it like this. Countless instances of desperation in your life, yet this was the first time you kept your legs distanced from each other for a long, continuous time, forcing you to rely on muscle alone. You kept yourself clenched, trying to stave off the urge to leak. You also closed your eyes so the sigh of the bathroom wouldn't overexcite your bladder. 

And time kept passing. You felt at many points how your legs shook from the sheer effort of not snapping together with every ripple and sting of need, and you didn’t know if the next wave of desperation would be the one to start soaking your clothes. 

Naively, you thought that as long as you didn’t speak or snap your legs together, Leah would remain unaware. Unfortunately, she did not. She called your name with a worried tone and you asked her what was up. 

“You’re breathing funny,” Leah said. “Is it the sun? Are you getting heatstroke?” 

You started to feel hope again. This might be a good excuse to leave! “Maybe? I-I do feel a bit unwell.” 

Leah got up from her stool. “Get away from the window, then. You can sit on my bed if you need it.” 

Oh good, yes, a break couldn’t have come at a better time, you could do wonderfully with a seat. You tried not to panic as you felt your first leak come out of you as you moved your legs to no longer be so far apart, but thankfully you didn’t let any more out. Now that you could cross your legs and take a more comfortable stance, you didn’t feel like leaking again was that big of a threat anymore. 

You scrambled over to the bed and sat on it carefully. Your legs did feel better to be given a rest after helping your holding muscles so much. The current wave of need started to pass and you could finally breathe eas– 

Psssssh!

Water. Your thighs pressed against each other, your need having been amplified again by the sound. That glass of water Leah offered you when you first got here, the contents of which had been drunk in half, was being refilled. 

Leah came over to you and handed you the glass. Her brows were slightly furrowed as she told you to drink up. 

You gazed at the water with a bit of fear. “N-No thanks, I’m fine.” 

“You must be dehydrated,” Leah said. “You barely drank half a glass the whole time you've been here. You really should drink something before you get worse.” 

Drinking WOULD make it worse, but you couldn’t tell her that. You would need to tell her you weren’t having a heatstroke, which would take away your chance of going home. If you did that, you’d have to be honest and tell her you just needed to pee really bad. She would let you use her bathroom for sure, but problems could arise from that easily. If she didn’t outright step out of her cottage –which she was under no obligation to do, as it is her house– then you wouldn’t be able to go. Because of that, you’d have to tell her you NEED her away for a while, which could lead to that can of worms opening… 

It sucked, it really did, but in order to preserve your dignity, you had to take the water. You accepted it with a grimace and began to drink. You hoped you could get away with swallowing just a few sips, but soon after your lips left the glass, Leah said something you wish she hadn’t. 

“That’s good, keep that up.” 

You chose to just play dumb and not ‘keep it up’. You even set the glass down on the floor, actually feeling how your bladder got a bit squished when you doubled over to do that, but nothing a firm tightening of the legs and a bit of hip wriggling couldn’t fix. 

Leah didn’t seem very glad at how full the glass still was. She looked back at you. “You won’t drink any more?” 

You shook your head. “Th-That already helped a lot, thank you,” you lied. “But, I… I think I should go home to rest. I d-don’t wanna bother you.” 

“You’re not bothering me,” Leah said. “But you do have me worried. Will you really be okay if you walk back home? The sun will still shine on you for all that time…” 

Her concerns were sound for someone who thought there really was a case of heatstroke at hand. Unfortunately, your problem was quite the opposite. You were well hydrated, just in desperate need to release liquids from your system. With you, though, such a problem wasn’t always that easy to solve… 

“Listen,” Leah spoke up. “I think you should stay here for a bit longer, just to make sure you’re okay. I hate to think what could happen if I let you get out to the sun. I’m sure you understand.” 

Aaand things officially took the worst possible turn. You didn’t know how to possibly counter Leah’s concerns without getting weirdly aggressive about it. In her perception, she was doing the best she could do. You couldn’t tell her why she was wrong about her decisions without telling her the real reason why you wanted to leave. 

Not only that, but she just had to pick up the glass of water and hand it back to you. AND if you play it cool and drink to keep her suspicions low, you will get more desperate. You will never get better from your ‘heatstroke’. If anything, you’ll only get worse and Leah will insist you stay in her cottage to cool down. Hell, you already felt a bit worse from just drinking this, even if you knew it couldn’t have possibly made its way to your bladder just yet. 

What realistic way did you have out of this? 

The fact that your nerves had an effect on your bladder wasn’t doing you any favors either. You knew panicking wouldn’t help anyone, but you couldn’t help it, you were feeling pretty anxious. You wanted to squeeze your crotch at least for a bit, but you didn’t feel like you had enough privacy to do that. As a result, you had to squirm. But you were also trying to keep the squirming subtle. 

Leah interpreted this as your body growing more uncomfortable and antsy due to the heat. Your glass still wasn’t done, so she recommended you finish it off. “You’ll feel better, trust me.” 

So, you drank the glass until there was nothing left. Between the knowledge that you were putting more liquids into your system and the attempt at not letting your desperation become obvious, your pee-hole quiveringly released some more urine, just a little bit. Still, it was enough to put you on edge. You nearly prayed to Yoba that she wouldn’t try to fetch you a second glass of water, but of course, she did. 

At least this time you managed to find enough wit to come up with an excuse to keep that water from going down your throat too. “I-I’m– I’m feeling nauseous…” 

“Oh, okay,” Leah mumbled, setting the glass down. “I guess that’s a symptom of heatstroke too… aw man, I really messed this all up, didn’t I?” 

Poor Leah… she genuinely felt so guilty for something that was no one’s fault. Well, you did kind of blame yourself for forgetting to pee right before leaving home. Had you known posing for an art piece would take as long as it did, you REALLY would’ve been more careful. 

“Y-You didn’t,” you choked out, wanting to comfort her. 

She stayed silent for a bit, but then she did sound reassured. “I guess you’re right. But hey, I still want to make up for it by making sure you’re okay. Let’s hope that water you drank makes you feel better.” 

‘It won’t,’ you thought in misery. ‘Really, believe me, it won’t.’ 

You tried a few times to pretend to feel calm and well enough to be allowed to leave, but that was pretty hard to do when it felt like your bladder was approaching total fullness. Whenever you tried to relax your posture, your body would struggle to keep its piss inside, and you would be back to straining every muscle you had to keep the floodgates closed. 

Leah never fully calmed down either. How could she, when you acted this tense? She thought SHE put you in this situation by having you pose by a window, where the sun shone on you constantly, of course she felt like she held some responsibility in how bad you felt now. 

And by Yoba, did you feel bad. Each new wave that came over you was stronger than the last, and your holding muscles yearned for a respite. Maybe this was a bit hypochondriac of you, but you really thought the glass you just downed was slowly starting to join the already vast ocean contained in your bladder. Things could only go from bad to worse. 

You tried your best to keep your squirming at a minimum, too. With how small the cottage was, Leah was just as aware of your every move as you were of hers. She had been standing and resting by the window for some time now, looking deep in thought. Suddenly, she broke the silence with a question that weirded you out. “Does this happen to you often?” 

“H-Huh?” 

“Are you sensitive to temperatures or something? I mean, we’re still just in spring, and I don’t feel all that hot from standing here… but I suppose that’s easy for me to say. You stood here for far longer than I did, and you didn’t drink much before starting to pose.” 

You weren’t sure what to tell her, so you hoped you didn’t have to come up with an answer to her questions. It was getting a bit hard to think with how urgently you had to go. 

But as luck would have it, Leah wasn’t satisfied with your lack of an answer. She called your name to grab your attention again. “How are you feeling now?” 

Oh, shoot… okay, if you manage to convince her you’re feeling much better now, maybe then she’ll let you leave. You had to balance putting on a good act while simultaneously keeping your body in check, but this was your chance! 

You fidgeted, trying to find a way to make the muscles in your limbs and back relax without prompting… other muscles from relaxing too. And for a second, you thought you had it. You appeared less tense and your pee was staying inside. Pressing right at your exit, sure, but it was still inside. You smiled at Leah, trying to keep the wobble out of your voice. “A-Actually? Yeah, I’m feeling m-much better now.” 

Leah seemed a bit surprised by that, but also hopeful. “Really?” 

You nodded. Gosh, you needed to pee… the pressure was increasing, but you couldn’t fumble it now, you had to convince her you were good to go. “So, u-uhm, I think I should get home n-now…” 

You began to stand up from the bed, but doing that while pretending there wasn’t a crisis occurring in your abdomen was too much for your body to handle at once. You felt warmth spread over your crotch and, and– 

You couldn’t do it. You collapsed right back on the bed, the sudden movement prompting the leak to come out with more force, but you snapped your legs together and it stopped. The act had been completely shattered, though. Your smile was replaced with a grimace and your voice wailed and groaned, no longer speaking reassuring words that could convince Leah she no longer had to worry over you. 

So much for trying to get her to calm down, now she was even more worried for you. 

Through the fog of your desperation, you heard Leah speak in a serious tone. “I think we should get you to the clinic. Something’s just not right.” 

You’re not too sure why, but that made you feel hopeful for a second. The clinic had a bathroom! But then you thought of how you’d have to walk all the way there, and the hope vanished. You felt quite silly right after, because you remembered there WAS a much closer bathroom, you had just written it to be off-limits merely because of Leah’s presence. 

“Oh, but I don’t know if you’re really in good condition to walk…” Leah mumbled. She had a point, you’d clearly struggle to make it there without something bad happening. Though, you two were concerned for different things. She feared you’d collapse, you feared you’d pee your pants. “Harvey should be the one to come here, ideally…” 

A lightbulb went off in her head. She could go get him herself. When she thought that aloud, you could’ve sighed with relief. Yes, that’s exactly what you needed! You could relieve yourself while she went out to get him! At this point you nearly couldn’t care about how embarrassing it was that two people now would be worried you had a real medical emergency, your pee emergency was more urgent! 

But Leah didn’t bolt out of her home to get help. It almost looked like she was about to leave, but then she turned around and headed for her computer. “Wait, duh, I can just email him.” 

‘WHY?’ 

You cursed past you for suggesting she get a computer. Dammit, everything was playing out against you! 

At least… at least she wasn’t looking AT you anymore. She was focused on her computer, which meant you could grip your crotch now. You cringed at how damp it already was, and you dread to think of just how much wetter it could become. It felt slightly easier to hold it now that you were grabbing at yourself, but you knew that wouldn’t last forever. Your need was actually ramping up pretty fast now, after that extra intake of fluids you wish you hadn’t had. 

You started to wonder if maybe you should keep your hands buried in there and have Leah see you like that. She would understand then, wouldn’t she? She’d look at you, giggle at herself and say ‘oh, do you need to use the bathroom? But of course, go in! I’ll step outside, you just go ahead’, right? It would be embarrassing, yes, but how much more embarrassing would it be to lose control while on her bed? Or anywhere else that wasn’t a toilet? 

So, you kept your hands there and rocked on your seat, reminding yourself over and over that you would NOT take your hands out from your groin once Leah was done writing the email to Harvey. 

But then, you heard the screeching of Leah’s chair as she pushed it back while she was still sitting on it. You froze and looked up, watching how she stood up from the chair. “Alright, email sent.” 

And your hands left their place. DAMMIT… in that split second, your shyness won over logic and your hands decided they didn’t want to clue Leah in to your trouble anymore! They were now balled up in fists on your lap, aching to help you in your effort to hold back all your piss, but now that she was back to looking at you, you found it hard to be honest about what the problem actually was. 

She stepped away from the computer and headed over to you, still keeping a respectful distance, but wanting to be close enough in case something happened. “How are you feeling? Still nauseous?” 

You could almost feel nauseous from how bad your desperation was. Despite that, you shook your head, having forgotten why you had claimed to be feeling queasy in the first place. 

“More water? Sorry, I don–” 

More head shaking. You couldn’t, no, you couldn’t drink more water, you’d burst! 

“I don’t know how else to help,” Leah said sadly. “I… Harvey should be here sooner rather than later, though. I checked the time, he should still be in work hours.” 

You kind of felt the curiosity to check your watch to know what the exact time was, but you were much more preoccupied with your exploding bladder to ultimately care enough to check the time. You don’t know exactly how long it’s been since you last peed this morning, you just knew it had been way too long… 

Leah stood idly for a bit longer before deciding to take a seat beside you. The bed did shift slightly when a new weight was added to it, and it hadn’t been anything extraordinary, but your poor, overfilled organ felt the subtle shift as a powerful ripple that shook it to its core. Your pee-hole burned as you tried to stay shut, yet a bit more pee came out. And with that, a needy groan escaped your throat and your legs twisted one over the other. Your hands remained on your lap, but that display right there had looked pretty much like a pure pee-dance. 

It was impossible for Leah to have missed it. She was finally starting to get an idea of what was actually wrong, but she decided to ask anyway, to either make sure her suspicion was right, or to give you the liberty of being the one to say it. “Uhm, are you okay?” 

You felt pretty sure she already figured out you had to piss, so the shame kicked in. Rather stupidly, you nodded and strained out a “yeah”. 

She clearly did not buy it. She stayed silent for a little bit, obviously watching you writhe in desperation, before prodding you again. “Are you sure?” 

You fought internally not just with your bladder, but with your mind too. You had to tell her. You’d ruin her bed if you didn’t… “I–” 

“Have you just needed to use the restroom all along?” She said out of the blue. 

Painfully, you nodded, feeling another leak come out. It was official, you were losing it. You could NOT hold it much longer. 

Leah sighed. It sounded like she felt ten pounds lighter from figuring out there was an easy solution to your problem. Meanwhile, you still felt like you weighed ten pounds more than normal from the pee stored inside you. 

“I…” She giggled half-heartedly. “I was so worried for you! Why didn’t you say anything?” 

You yelped. How could you even answer that question? The answer was tricky enough to come up with with a sober mind, trying to come up with it while your mind couldn’t process much more than the abhorrent pressure in your lower half was next to impossible. 

At least Leah didn’t seem to mind your lack of response this time. “Right, I guess I shouldn’t hold you up any longer. Bathroom is right there,” she pointed to the half open door that had teased you so mercilessly hours prior. 

Yet, you didn’t get up. There still was the problem of Leah hearing you. She hadn’t stood up herself, so… did that mean she planned to stay? Again, you didn’t fault her for that, you just wished she could read your mind or something, so she could know how to make this slightly easier for you! 

With your gaze nervously going over to the bathroom door, then to Leah, back and forth, she wondered why you weren’t sprinting to the toilet like you obviously had to. “Well? What are you waiting for?” 

You gnashed your teeth, feeling VERY clearly how your bladder was asking you the exact same question. It was throbbing, full and angry. You just fidgeted uselessly some more, trying your damn hardest to find the words before it was too late. “I don’t…” 

“You don’t what?” 

“I– Ah! I w-want to be alone!... P-P-Please?” 

Finally. Six words and your message had been delivered. You hated how difficult you found it to voice your need, but now that that was done, there should hopefully be no more obstacles in your way. 

Almost funnily enough, your imagined scenario from earlier, the one where Leah giggled to herself, started playing out now in a similar manner. “Oh! I should’ve guessed. Right, I’ll step outside, you just go ahead.” 

NOW that you knew she would leave, did you begin to stand up. This time, you had to keep one hand tightly pressed to your body while the other helped push you up from the bed. It was still incredibly tricky, though. Your knees were wobbly, your legs were just too stiff to stand up normally. And to add to your immense embarrassment as it was, Leah could see the trouble you were in, so she offered you a hand. Letting out a little whine, you accepted her help. Instead of pushing yourself up, you took her hand and she pulled you to your feet. Your pants redampened at the movement, but you miraculously hadn’t started to have an accident right then and there. 

“Okay, I’ll be leaving for real this time,” Leah said, and true to her word, she walked out of her cottage. 

Something about her not being there anymore really must’ve thrusted your shy bladder into a sense of security, because you were no longer just leaking occasionally, you were properly trickling. You couldn’t afford to walk slowly to the toilet, your control was slipping no matter what you did. Might as well try to get to the right place as fast as possible. 

You got yourself to the bathroom and barely managed to lock the door with your shaky hand. Your stream picked up in intensity before you could even start to free yourself of your clothes, but you couldn’t give up now, the toilet was literally right there, ready to use! You acted as fast as you could, your breath choking out as you held on for one second longer and– 

HSSSSSSSSSS!

At long last, your body gave in completely, but blessedly enough, your torrent was falling where it should be! You panted, trying to catch your breath as you understood that, yes, you were relieving yourself on a toilet, with no one to hear you. In tandem with that realization, your overstretched bladder at last squeezed enough pee out that the signals it sent to your brain were no longer of painful urgency, but of pleasurable shrinking. You sighed deeply and moaned at the wondrous sensations. You felt nice tingles throughout your skin as relief took over, and you could finally just… relax. You no longer had to strain anything at all. 

As expected, this release took quite a long time, but you felt so much more at ease that you couldn’t really mind it. You fully allowed yourself to pee to your heart’s content, until your bladder was as devoid of liquid as a desert. “Phew…” 

That had been CLOSE. Quite literally, just a few seconds later and it would have all gone into your pants. You almost felt like patting yourself on the back for making it, but once your clothes were back into place, you saw that maybe you hadn’t made it as well as you thought. A decently sized wet patch could be seen around your crotch. It became clear that you had done a lot more than just leaking… 

Well, now you dreaded coming out of the bathroom and facing Leah again. You hoped it would go without saying that you didn’t feel like posing anymore today. 

You walked out of the cottage too, so she could know everything was well and done. Your hands were intertwined and resting on your front, trying to hide the stain of shame as much as they could. You cringed when Leah’s eyes traveled there anyway, so you quickly looked to the side. 

She took your whole demeanor in. Other than the increased timidness and the attempt to invisibilize your wet spot, you appeared totally normal now. “So… I guess I should re-email Harvey to tell him not to come here, after all.” 

You winced at the reminder that things had really gone up to those stakes, but you just nodded to her. She should do that, before a third person comes in and potentially sees your soaked, not very well hidden crotch. 

“If I can ask this again, why didn’t you say anything?” Leah said. “You… you looked like you needed that pretty bad. And, I would’ve understood if you wanted to be left alone for that. I don’t invite people to my cottage often, but since it’s so small, I also cringe at the thought of a guest hearing me pee from any spot in the house.” 

You fiddled with your thumbs, knowing you had to say something in return. “I… I guess I was just, uhm– embarrassed? Or, uh, m-maybe I wanted so hard to be a good model th-that I…” 

Leah sighed, but she had a small smile on her lips. “Aw, come on now, you’re a person just like anyone else. Models aren’t perfect posing machines, they need breaks too. I feel like muses are often underappreciated in art. Everyone marvels at the skill of the artist, but few give as much credit to the inspiration that sparked a masterpiece.” 

You took in her words, feeling slightly taken aback by the turn she took, from comforting you to rambling about the arts. You couldn’t fault her at all, though. She was an artist, it was normal for her to go into that route. 

Amusingly enough, she also caught herself in the act of switching topics. “Sorry, I just had to get that opinion off my chest, I suppose. But, I mean what I said. You wouldn’t have bothered me by asking for a potty break.” 

“Uhm, thank you,” was all you could think to say. 

“Of course. Now, I suppose you, uh, may want to get home,” she said. “And I get it. I don’t know if you’d be up to come back again tomorrow… with how stressful posing was for you today, I can see why you would wanna pass.” 

You shook your head. She was right in that you wanted nothing more than to go home now and change into something dry, but you surprised yourself by how willing you were to see her again the next day. Normally, you felt extremely embarrassed to see the person or people that last saw you having an emergency of this sort, but with Leah, that didn’t happen. Maybe it was because you managed to largely avoid an accident, maybe it was because you wanted her statue to be the best it could be, but you didn’t feel like passing the opportunity to see her again tomorrow. “No, I can come.” 

She seemed surprised by your disposition. “Really? Oh, wow, that’s awesome! Thank you so much. I guess I’ll see you tomorrow then!” 

And you smiled back at her, turning to head to your farm while she went back to her home. You supposed that if you had to take anything positive from this day, it was that you now knew what you should absolutely do and not do next time you pose for her. Helping her with her commission should be smoother sailing from now on. 

*010*2024-09-14 17:57

{{20 hours ago, GotaSecret said: 

Realized that I hadn't upvoted the rest of the chapters even though I've read and enjoyed them so I went ahead and did that, haha. 

I'm really liking this fic! 

}}

Thank you so much! ❤️ 

*012*2024-10-30 14:09

{{On 10/29/2024 at 5:55 AM, Breepee said:

Amazing stories! Anymore planned?

}}

Thanks! I do have more stories in store, I'm just deciding what story to publish next, since I want these to be in chronological order.

*013*2024-11-09 12:55

Chapter 7 - Inner and Outer Oceans

You were so stupid.

You were SO stupidly reckless.

And you could be paying the price for your foolishness very soon.

You’d been doing well on Ginger Island, at least you wanted to believe you had. You had been unlocking new areas one by one, you had been finding items that you had never seen on the mainland before, and today you had decided to do a deep dive into the island’s volcano.

You have been here once before… sorta. On your first day here, a lot had happened. You met a strange boy named Leo who was raised by parrots, you found out the island had some sort of ‘currency’, which was Golden Walnuts, and when you noticed a strange flame just flying about, you followed it into the volcano.

That day, though, you couldn't go beyond the very entrance, because you didn't have your watering can with you. There was a monster lurking in a river of lava that breathed fire in your direction, and beyond the river you could see some slimes with a tiger pattern to their forms. Even IF you had had your watering can with you that day, you knew that you would not have been ready to take on a journey into these new mines.

Well, today you decided to ‘remedy’ that. You woke up early, packed lots of food and triple shot espressos, several bombs, put on your best rings and boots, grabbed your trusty pickaxe, sword and watering can, and you took Willy's boat to the island. Today was the day you truly entered the Volcano Dungeon.

And by Yoba, are you regretting that now.

Turns out that, despite your seemingly perfect planification, you were just NOT ready for this place at all. These flying monsters made of fire… they did look freaky, you never underestimated them, but even then, the punch they packed was BRUTAL.

You remembered the last time you pushed through despite running low on food to heal. You got so badly hurt then that you had to undergo emergency surgery at the town’s clinic. You decided that today would end differently. This time you wouldn't make the mistake of ‘powering through it’, you’d play it safe and escape when things got too bad.

And EVEN THEN, you took your decision a bit too late.

You tried your best to run as fast as possible from those magma devils from Hell, but some were just as fast as you! The triple shot espressos running through your veins barely gave you enough of a speed boost for it to matter and, after having been trying to get to the last level of the Dungeon for HOURS, a lot of that caffeine had run its due course through your body and was now sitting heavily in your abdomen.

You didn't feel like you were being slowed down by your filling bladder, not really, your adrenaline was high enough to make up for it. But your bladder was FAR down your current list of concerns.

You didn't have anything that really deserved being called ‘food’ right now, meaning you were out of healing options. You sporadically had to turn around and send the flying fires away with a slash from your sword before resuming your retreat, and for every level you backtracked, more and more of those monsters seemed to be after you.

You could feel yourself close to passing out again. You were in a lot of pain, actually. The saying ‘if you play with fire, you will get burned’ was a PERFECT summary of your current predicament. You took yourself too far once again, and the consequences could be just as bad as last time if not worse.

Your chest filled with icy fear as you kept running. ' 'Someone’ found me when I passed out in the skull caverns. Turns out it was Mr. Qi, the guy who wanted me to get to level 100 in the first place. It makes sense that he found me THEN, but… who could find me here NOW if I pass out? Willy is in his boat. Leo is just a child. The other two people on this island are total recluses... I may be screwed. I may actually, really be screwed this time.’

You got so lost in the catastrophic thought spiral that you became startled when you heard the cry of another one of those fire monsters. You stopped in your tracks and looked around frantically, wanting to know where this new enemy could be coming from, so you could defend yourself from it. Since you stopped running, the fire spirits that were already after you only got closer, so you had to divert your attention to them, all the while you kept trying to see where this new monster was coming from.

You tapped your foot anxiously as you looked around, beginning to think you should just keep bolting straight to the exit instead. You could almost see it from where you were… you managed to backtrack all the way to level 1 of the Dungeon, you were so close to NOT dying!

So to hell with fighting these things, you should be running away again! But as your luck would have it, mere seconds after you took off again, you saw the new flying flame heading towards… you.

You had no time at all to even draw your sword, or to dodge, or anything, you ran STRAIGHT into it.

History repeated itself. You collapsed to your knees and fell to the hot ground, feeling how everything went up in temperature for those last few seconds of consciousness as you assumed you were truly done for.

.

You drifted in and out of consciousness.

You felt someone dragging you across the sand, causing the burns on your skin to cry.

You heard parrots squawking from afar.

You could then hear a voice speaking, but you couldn't make out what they were saying, or even who was talking.

You really wanted to know who was near. You were still having trouble recognizing the voice, so you tried to open your eyes. They were so heavy… but you kept trying until you could finally see again.

And will you look at that, Willy was looking down on you, his concerned expression illuminated by the setting sun.

“Are you okay? You really had me worried… I thought you were a goner!”

“W-Willy…?” You managed to speak. “What… happened?”

“That island boy dragged you all the way here from the Volcano! But, he ran away when he saw me. Guess he’s still shy around me.”

“Leo saved me?” You coughed, now trying to stand up. Such an action resisted only in pained whines.

“Take it easy, now,” Willy commanded gently. “You got badly burned there.”

You acted nice this time and laid back down, grimacing at the way the tiny sand grains felt on your skin. You slowly became more and more conscious of the hurtful spots of your body. Most of them were across your skin, some of the pain was in your muscles from all the overexertion, and then there was that taut ball in your abdomen… right, just like last time, huh?

“Come on, let's get to the boat. Those injuries are too bad for me to treat. I’ll have to take you to the clinic back home.”

You accepted his help. When he pulled you up… gosh, your pee suddenly ALL pushed down onto your exit, forcing you to press your legs REAL tight if you wanted to avoid a leak. How did your need ramp up this fast? Your bladder had felt so manageable before, but now… now that the adrenaline wore off and you had no more reason or even strength to fight, you were feeling the true extent of your fullness. And you really were full.

“Small steps, come on,” the fisherman said.

“Willy–”

“It's okay, I’ll take care of you,” he interrupted.

Meanwhile, all you wanted to tell him was that you needed a piss and you’d prefer to be given some privacy. Peeing in the open was something you rarely did, but at least once while on the island did you relieve yourself on the ocean, after you had picked a spot that seemed like it never got visited. You were feeling a desire to try that again, but you had a feeling you’d need Willy to go to his ship on his own and promise not to watch if you wanted to have any chance of emptying here.

But Willy seemed to be completely unaware of your tightly pressed thighs and your small acts of fidgeting, or if he was aware, he probably attributed it to the deep discomfort from all your injuries.

“Willy, I want to…”

“What?”

He stopped to look at you. You tried to make yourself utter the words ‘I want to relieve myself. Can I do it here? Please keep a distance and don’t look’, but your nerves were overpowering you, that was just such a weird request… Your body jerked and shook from your desperation and a small part of your brain hoped that such actions would be enough to let Willy know what you needed.

But instead… “I know yer in pain, but that's why we need to go back and fast. It's already quite late, if we take too long then the Doc will be asleep by the time we get there!”

And so he began to guide you into the boat. You looked at the ocean under the dock longingly, wanting so badly to add some more liquid into it… your bladder jumped at the mental image of you watching how your piss fell into the much larger body of water, letting your poor organ shrink back to its most comfortable size. ‘Don’t think about it, dammit,’ you thought, shutting your eyes.

Willy took you into a small cabin of the ship that served as a bedroom. “Alright, just lie there and rest, I’ll take us back to the Valley.”

He helped you settle down onto the bed and you were soon tensing up as you felt another wave of need hit your core. Willy continued to misunderstand your body's cues.

“Aye, those burns must feel awful, no? I wish I had some ointment, but I don't. Pretty sure I have some painkillers at least,” he said, checking a drawer.

“Actually, Willy, I– Uhm–”

“Aha! Knew I had some!” He said triumphantly with a batch of painkillers in his hand. “Now let's see what I got here to drink.”

Your heart thumped loud at the implication of putting more liquid in you. Gosh, please no more, you were already holding too much…

“W-Willy?”

“Sorry, all I got here is mead. I’m pretty sure Harvey won’t be happy if I give you painkillers and alcohol,” he sighed. “I promise I’ll take us back as fast as possible, so you won't have to be in pain for much longer.”

You wanted to alert him of your need for a bathroom, you wanted to ask if you could maybe be brought back to the dock so you could release into the ocean… but instead of all that, you ended up sort of following his last point. “P-Please be fast…”

“Aye aye! We’ll be back to the mainland in the blink of an eye!” He sang, starting to close the door behind him. “Heh, that rhymed…”

And you were left alone. Your head sank on the pillow under it and you groaned. Damn it all, why didn't you say what you needed to say?! Now the boat was beginning to enter the open sea and…

Wait a minute, would it really be that impossible to relieve yourself now, even while in the middle of the sea? You couldn't be too sure, but you imagined that sailors, fishermen and the like probably relieved themselves on the ocean countless times. It would cost a lot of money to give indoor plumbing to a ship, money that could easily be saved if people decided to just make the ocean their toilet.

Maybe you can still try to… let go of your own ocean, so to speak. Your bladder began to tingle with severity as it processed what you were thinking. It was clearly just as excited as you to let all this liquid go.

So, first step in this flawless plan was to get up so you could find an appropriate means to relieve yourself. You had to be careful with your movement as you sat up, since you were still weakened by all the combat in the Dungeon. You did leak, which earned a gasp from you, but at least you sat up on your own! You couldn't do that last time you were injured by hardcore monsters.

As you rose to your feet, you wondered why you were having a slightly easier time now in comparison to before. You passed out BOTH times from an overload of attacks to your body, and being burned like this SUCKED, it made most movements feel like they’d peel patches of skin right off you… but you supposed you didn't have any actual bleeding now. That was barely a relief though.

If one thing was VERY similar to last time, it was your generalized fatigue. Your body was simply not in the mood to do all these things you asked of it, which made it feel like any small push would result in new warmth soaking your underwear. For a bit after standing up, you just had to stay there, one hand clutching the head of the bed, the other palming your crotch just to be safe. While in this position, your eyes darted over the cabin, trying to find a way for you to relieve yourself.

Next to the bed was a small porthole and your mind immediately lit up. Heck yeah, you could pour your pee out from there! Once you felt safe enough to start walking, you walked –or better said, dragged your feet– to the porthole, intending to open it, but when you tried, you couldn't. You assumed you would need both hands, so you nervously let go of your groin and pulled again. Still wasn't working, all it did was make your pee-hole quiver threateningly.

‘Well, clearly it's because I’m still hurt, right? It… can't actually be stuck, right?’

You took a moment to breathe and calm your bladder down. It seared and throbbed, feeling oddly similar to your wounds, hot and sensitive. After a few moments of regaining control, you took your pickaxe and stuck an end between the porthole’s frames. Having the help of a tool should do the trick.

You applied force on the pickaxe, hoping the frames would cede and separate, but it wasn't working either. You grew frustrated, you were trying every solution you had, but nothing seemed to be getting you anywhere! Maybe the damn thing really was stuck… The option of breaking the glass entirely DID cross your mind, but you quickly dismissed the thought. This was Willy's ship, not yours, you couldn't just go and break a window like that.

Okay, so no porthole to get rid of your pee. What now?

You crossed your legs and squeezed your crotch again, just giving yourself some aid to keep holding while you thought of a plan B. You doubted you’d be able to hold all of this till you were back in land, so, obviously, you needed to find somewhere to pee, and if not the ocean, then a container would have to do.

Problem was, this cabin looked awfully empty.

You looked through the drawer where Willy had found the painkillers, but there was only a bunch of assorted stuff, none of which could be used to contain anything. The drawers below it had spiderwebs at most, except for one. One drawer had something of interest.

It wasn't a container like you hoped, but it was a gas lamp and a box of matches. It was getting darker, so this came spectacularly. You sat on your knees and bounced to keep the urge manageable while you lit up the lamp. You sighed in relief when it glowed bright, because looking for something to empty your aching bladder into would be a lot easier now that you could see.

You left the matches on top of the nightstand in case you needed them again and began to hold the lamp in the air, taking pained steps forward. Your wounds and bladder hurt… that's why you had to find something as fast as possible so you could get rid of at least one of those pains.

There were some bottles laying on the floor, but like Willy said, they contained mead. You felt like if you tried drinking one of those bottles to then use it as a toilet of sorts, you’d end up peeing yourself before taking the last sip. Maybe you should just pour it on the floor…? Ah, but that would be a waste and you’d end up making an unnecessary mess. Your sphincter trembled as if to say such a thing could happen if you didn't make use of the bottles either.

Maybe they could be used as a last resort… for now, you should look into other alternatives. You shuffled to a corner and saw there was a nice, big wooden bucket and your bladder could've sung with joy. Finally, yes, somewhere appropriate to unload your liquid burden! You started to unbuckle your suspenders as you walked to it and, by the time you had the bucket in your hand, you were already lowering your overalls so you could piss an ocean into this thing. You were so close you could almost taste relief, you–

You saw something in the bucket and your heart skipped a beat. You held the gas lamp over the bucket to confirm your suspicion and your hopes got shattered.

The bucket had a hole in its base.

“No way…” you muttered, forgetting about the bucket and holding yourself with your hands again. You almost let go into that thing, but now that you knew you couldn't, you tightened every muscle around your lower area, refusing to let a single drop pass.

Your bladder thrashed and roared, utterly confused as to why peeing was suddenly forbidden again. It wanted a break! It deserved one! It was brimming full and under so much pressure…

You don't know how long you had to stay there, rocking against your hands with your eyes closed so you wouldn't have to look at the bucket that promised so much and disappointed you mere seconds later. You never really got to a point where you could confidently say ‘ah yes, I will be safe from leaks for a good while’, but if you didn't stand up and keep looking, you’d soak the entire corner, which you, of course, didn't want. So you got up, hoping that as long as you kept a hand firmly wedged between your thighs, it would all be okay.

You kept looking around, feeling like a fool with the suspenders of your overalls hanging around uselessly, but you didn't think it would be favorable to properly place everything right where it should be. If –no, when– you find a place to pee, you won't need to fumble with your clothes anymore. You’ll just have to get them slightly out of the way, just enough for your exit to be exposed, just enough so your pee can–

Pssch!

“AH-!”

Your first big spurt of the night. Oookay, your hunt for the perfect receptacle should really speed up or else the boards will all be coated with layers upon layers of urine from one reckless farmer. You knew you shouldn't panic, but your chest still clenched with anxiety. You could still feel the general weakness of your body and you feared that there wouldn't be much of a time window between leaking and fully wetting.

‘Right, I can’t keep musing here, I need to LOOK!’

Where else, where else? There was a big green bin ahead… and you had an idea of what it was. If it was what you thought it was, then it would not be a good place for you to pee, but… but maybe this one was empty by chance? Maybe? ‘Please,’ you begged mentally. ‘Please don’t have worms…’

You opened the lid of the worm bin and what do you know, it was full of worms! You couldn't pee here! Otherwise, what would Willy say…?

*.~ “Ah! The worms are all dead and foul-smelling!” An overly expressive Willy cried, holding a dead worm high in the air. “No fish will ever bite if I use these! My life as a fisherman is OVER!” ~.*

You shook your head at the ridiculous montage of Willy crying and carrying himself like a thespian acting out a midlife crisis and you ignored the worm bin.

Okay, if not the worm bin, what else?! You… looked at the gas lamp… you wondered if it would be possible to take it apart and pee into the lighbulb-esque thing in its middle. You doubted all your piss could fit in there, but surely it could be enough to take the edge off until you arrive at Stardew Valley, right?

Oh, but then…

*.~ “Aaah! My one and only gas lamp! Now how will I get around me boat without light?! These nights in the open sea will be reigned by darkness! Darkness!” ~.*

Scratch that, no gas lamp will be destroyed today. You can't be that cruel to the theater kid Willy that was suddenly born in your imagination. Damn, this desperation is so strong, it must be making you delirious…

Well, the mead bottles are still there… you HAD made a mental note that you could use those if there was no better option. But now you weren't so sure just how practical this solution actually was…

*.~ “My mead!” Willy exclaimed, “It's all over the floor, all over you, and… and why are you also covered in yer own waters?!”

You laid there with your legs open, a clear wet patch glistening from your crotch. You burped long and loud, lazily raising another bottle of mead as you lay there in a drunken stupor. “Sssorry, Willy, b-but I couldn't decide if I wanted t’drink these so they wouldn't go to waste OR if I wanted t’pour them all over da floor so I could piss sooner… Hehe, so I did BOTH!”~.*

“I-I would N-NEVER do that!” You sputtered, sounding like an offended grandma who just heard someone say a mild curse word that hadn't even been directed at her.

No, no, no, you could feel your holding muscles slowly give up, new drops bloomed hot into your underwear every few seconds, you couldn't hold it! Think, think, think! If nothing Willy has here can contain the tsunami of liquid that's accumulated inside you, then… then maybe YOU have something for that?

You had your backpack…

…Why the hell are you thinking of your backpack as a suitable choice?! It was still full of stuff! Full of loot, full of resources, it even had some of your tools in it! Just what would happen if you pissed in it?!

*.~ “Ew, is that the piss farmer?”

“Why is everyone calling them the ‘piss farmer’ now?”

“Just get close to them and you’ll know! Ever since they got so desperate that they used their backpack to pee, they’ve smelled like piss ever since!”

“I’ve heard they wash their backpack everyday, but the stench lingers.”

“Hey, I remember one time they wet their pants right in front of me! I didn't want to judge back then, but… that was so embarrassing!”

“No way, they wet around me too!”

“And me too! Were they never potty-trained? Weirdo!”

“Why did we ever think they were an exemplary neighbor?! They're a freak who can't hold their own piss!”~.*

“Aaahhhnn–!” You groaned, having fallen to your knees at some point. The gas lamp now stood by your side, completely forgotten while you kneaded your hands deep into your groin, getting little benefit from that. You could feel your pee right at the edge… It burned, your pee-hole felt like a raging wildfire that could only be pacified with a nice, strong, thick jet of liquid. That jet was coming now, you realized with a deep sense of shame, it was coming whether you wanted it or not. You had just… fought for too long, fought too much, and you were just a poor human who had limitations. You did your best, but it seems like today is gonna be yet another day of your best not being good enou–

The world stopped. You noticed something shining from under Willy's bed, something you wouldn't have seen if you hadn't placed the gas lamp on the ground. Feeling like everything now moved in slow motion, you reached out and pulled the object out of its hiding spot.

It was a bowl of sorts. Its shape was like a teacup, but much larger… so much larger that it kind of looked like it COULD hold your pee.

You grabbed it and gave it a one-second examination. It looked clean, it didn't have any holes or cracks… you weren't picky, this was the PERFECT object to finally void into.

Your bladder began to do somersaults as it registered that you were giving yourself permission to piss very soon, pulsing strongly with each passing second. You had to use one hand to apply pressure onto your pee-hole, the other hand worked to get your clothes out of the way.

“Please, please, please…” you whimpered, feeling now more than ever how every last drop of your burden was pressing down, about to tear down the gates of your control. You shivered everywhere as you freed yourself of your garments and placed the Yoba-sent receptacle in the correct spot for you to fill it and–

HSSSSSSSSSSSS

“Haaaaah~!”

You did it. Goodness gracious, you did it! Despite passing out, despite being burned, despite being too weak to stand much physical effort, here you were, emptying your overtaxed bladder somewhere that wasn't yourself! And each moment of release was oh so much better than the last!

Your piss poured aggressively out of you and into the object, making it feel heavier in your hand as time passed. You kept moaning a bit, the drop in pressure too blissful for you to stay quiet. Finally, no more pain. No more stress. No more silly, anxiety-induced montages. All there was for you now was glorious relief and tingly pleasure. “Ohhh…”

It felt so good… so good, so nice, so much better, so–

“Ahoy, we’re back on la–!” Willy stopped himself when he saw what you were doing. He had no time to decide what to do next, because the second he opened the door, you yelped and scrambled to hide your sensitive parts from his view, all while clenching with all your might to stop peeing. His sudden presence did help in cutting off your stream for good, and you then broke a speed record in putting your clothes back in place and in getting yourself away from the bowl you just desecrated, pain from your injuries be damned.

“I’m sorry!” You squeaked, holding your head down, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry! I– I had to– I’m sorry! I didn't mean to!”

You were mortified, humiliated and scared. Willy may be a very chill man, but… but you soiled something that belonged to him! He probably uses that bowl for cooking or something, and you just…!

But against your expectations of Willy showing disgust and repulsion, he… laughed. And it was a hearty laugh at that.

“Don’t sweat it, kid, that thing is meant to be used for that!”

“...What?”

“It's a chamber pot,” Willy explained, “every house used to have those back when indoor plumbing wasn't a thing. When I sailed the seas with me ol’ Pappy, I’d sometimes wake up in the night needing a leak meself, but it would be too dark by then to let go by the side of the boat. So, the ol’ man gifted me that chamber pot so I could do my business without leavin’ the cabin! I’d later pour it down into the sea when morning came.”

“So, this…” You looked over to the chamber pot, feeling twinges from your bladder that hadn't been emptied all the way and wanted to use it again. “This was a gift from your… O-Oh gosh, Willy, I’m s-so sorry!”

“Don’t be!” Willy laughed again. “I had actually forgotten the thing was even there! If my ol' Pappy was still around, he would be glad his gift is still being put to good use!”

Still, you couldn't help but be embarrassed for getting caught. It was… a bit relieving to hear you used something that was meant to be peed into, but still, you didn't KNOW then that that was its purpose! You thought it was a regular bowl and you used it!

Before you could start delving into thoughts about how shameless you are, Willy spoke again. “Anyway, we’re back home! Let me help you up, I think Harvey must still be up at this hour.”

And so, the fisherman grabbed you and offered support for you to lean on while you shuffled out of the cabin, out of the boat, into the dock of Stardew Valley's beach. Your bladder still felt full, but it was nowhere near as agonizing as now. Using the chamber pot ultimately did help in taking the edge off your desperation, so much so that you felt pretty sure that you would not have an accident before reaching the clinic.

And the clinic had a bathroom. Harvey knew of your shy bladder as well, so… maybe everything would be okay after all. You could tell him what you needed and he would understand what to do. The pain from your wounds dulled down as you thought of how lucky you were to have this community look out for you.

