Tales of a Desperate Farmer (Stardew Valley Fanfiction)

Author: DesperateFarm

*013*2024-11-09 12:55

Chapter 7 - Inner and Outer Oceans

You were so stupid.

You were SO stupidly reckless.

And you could be paying the price for your foolishness very soon.

You’d been doing well on Ginger Island, at least you wanted to believe you had. You had been unlocking new areas one by one, you had been finding items that you had never seen on the mainland before, and today you had decided to do a deep dive into the island’s volcano.

You have been here once before… sorta. On your first day here, a lot had happened. You met a strange boy named Leo who was raised by parrots, you found out the island had some sort of ‘currency’, which was Golden Walnuts, and when you noticed a strange flame just flying about, you followed it into the volcano.

That day, though, you couldn't go beyond the very entrance, because you didn't have your watering can with you. There was a monster lurking in a river of lava that breathed fire in your direction, and beyond the river you could see some slimes with a tiger pattern to their forms. Even IF you had had your watering can with you that day, you knew that you would not have been ready to take on a journey into these new mines.

Well, today you decided to ‘remedy’ that. You woke up early, packed lots of food and triple shot espressos, several bombs, put on your best rings and boots, grabbed your trusty pickaxe, sword and watering can, and you took Willy's boat to the island. Today was the day you truly entered the Volcano Dungeon.

And by Yoba, are you regretting that now.

Turns out that, despite your seemingly perfect planification, you were just NOT ready for this place at all. These flying monsters made of fire… they did look freaky, you never underestimated them, but even then, the punch they packed was BRUTAL.

You remembered the last time you pushed through despite running low on food to heal. You got so badly hurt then that you had to undergo emergency surgery at the town’s clinic. You decided that today would end differently. This time you wouldn't make the mistake of ‘powering through it’, you’d play it safe and escape when things got too bad.

And EVEN THEN, you took your decision a bit too late.

You tried your best to run as fast as possible from those magma devils from Hell, but some were just as fast as you! The triple shot espressos running through your veins barely gave you enough of a speed boost for it to matter and, after having been trying to get to the last level of the Dungeon for HOURS, a lot of that caffeine had run its due course through your body and was now sitting heavily in your abdomen.

You didn't feel like you were being slowed down by your filling bladder, not really, your adrenaline was high enough to make up for it. But your bladder was FAR down your current list of concerns.

You didn't have anything that really deserved being called ‘food’ right now, meaning you were out of healing options. You sporadically had to turn around and send the flying fires away with a slash from your sword before resuming your retreat, and for every level you backtracked, more and more of those monsters seemed to be after you.

You could feel yourself close to passing out again. You were in a lot of pain, actually. The saying ‘if you play with fire, you will get burned’ was a PERFECT summary of your current predicament. You took yourself too far once again, and the consequences could be just as bad as last time if not worse.

Your chest filled with icy fear as you kept running. ' 'Someone’ found me when I passed out in the skull caverns. Turns out it was Mr. Qi, the guy who wanted me to get to level 100 in the first place. It makes sense that he found me THEN, but… who could find me here NOW if I pass out? Willy is in his boat. Leo is just a child. The other two people on this island are total recluses... I may be screwed. I may actually, really be screwed this time.’

You got so lost in the catastrophic thought spiral that you became startled when you heard the cry of another one of those fire monsters. You stopped in your tracks and looked around frantically, wanting to know where this new enemy could be coming from, so you could defend yourself from it. Since you stopped running, the fire spirits that were already after you only got closer, so you had to divert your attention to them, all the while you kept trying to see where this new monster was coming from.

You tapped your foot anxiously as you looked around, beginning to think you should just keep bolting straight to the exit instead. You could almost see it from where you were… you managed to backtrack all the way to level 1 of the Dungeon, you were so close to NOT dying!

So to hell with fighting these things, you should be running away again! But as your luck would have it, mere seconds after you took off again, you saw the new flying flame heading towards… you.

You had no time at all to even draw your sword, or to dodge, or anything, you ran STRAIGHT into it.

History repeated itself. You collapsed to your knees and fell to the hot ground, feeling how everything went up in temperature for those last few seconds of consciousness as you assumed you were truly done for.

.

You drifted in and out of consciousness.

You felt someone dragging you across the sand, causing the burns on your skin to cry.

You heard parrots squawking from afar.

You could then hear a voice speaking, but you couldn't make out what they were saying, or even who was talking.

You really wanted to know who was near. You were still having trouble recognizing the voice, so you tried to open your eyes. They were so heavy… but you kept trying until you could finally see again.

And will you look at that, Willy was looking down on you, his concerned expression illuminated by the setting sun.

“Are you okay? You really had me worried… I thought you were a goner!”

“W-Willy…?” You managed to speak. “What… happened?”

“That island boy dragged you all the way here from the Volcano! But, he ran away when he saw me. Guess he’s still shy around me.”

“Leo saved me?” You coughed, now trying to stand up. Such an action resisted only in pained whines.

“Take it easy, now,” Willy commanded gently. “You got badly burned there.”

You acted nice this time and laid back down, grimacing at the way the tiny sand grains felt on your skin. You slowly became more and more conscious of the hurtful spots of your body. Most of them were across your skin, some of the pain was in your muscles from all the overexertion, and then there was that taut ball in your abdomen… right, just like last time, huh?

“Come on, let's get to the boat. Those injuries are too bad for me to treat. I’ll have to take you to the clinic back home.”

You accepted his help. When he pulled you up… gosh, your pee suddenly ALL pushed down onto your exit, forcing you to press your legs REAL tight if you wanted to avoid a leak. How did your need ramp up this fast? Your bladder had felt so manageable before, but now… now that the adrenaline wore off and you had no more reason or even strength to fight, you were feeling the true extent of your fullness. And you really were full.

“Small steps, come on,” the fisherman said.

“Willy–”

“It's okay, I’ll take care of you,” he interrupted.

Meanwhile, all you wanted to tell him was that you needed a piss and you’d prefer to be given some privacy. Peeing in the open was something you rarely did, but at least once while on the island did you relieve yourself on the ocean, after you had picked a spot that seemed like it never got visited. You were feeling a desire to try that again, but you had a feeling you’d need Willy to go to his ship on his own and promise not to watch if you wanted to have any chance of emptying here.

But Willy seemed to be completely unaware of your tightly pressed thighs and your small acts of fidgeting, or if he was aware, he probably attributed it to the deep discomfort from all your injuries.

“Willy, I want to…”

“What?”

He stopped to look at you. You tried to make yourself utter the words ‘I want to relieve myself. Can I do it here? Please keep a distance and don’t look’, but your nerves were overpowering you, that was just such a weird request… Your body jerked and shook from your desperation and a small part of your brain hoped that such actions would be enough to let Willy know what you needed.

But instead… “I know yer in pain, but that's why we need to go back and fast. It's already quite late, if we take too long then the Doc will be asleep by the time we get there!”

And so he began to guide you into the boat. You looked at the ocean under the dock longingly, wanting so badly to add some more liquid into it… your bladder jumped at the mental image of you watching how your piss fell into the much larger body of water, letting your poor organ shrink back to its most comfortable size. ‘Don’t think about it, dammit,’ you thought, shutting your eyes.

Willy took you into a small cabin of the ship that served as a bedroom. “Alright, just lie there and rest, I’ll take us back to the Valley.”

He helped you settle down onto the bed and you were soon tensing up as you felt another wave of need hit your core. Willy continued to misunderstand your body's cues.

“Aye, those burns must feel awful, no? I wish I had some ointment, but I don't. Pretty sure I have some painkillers at least,” he said, checking a drawer.

“Actually, Willy, I– Uhm–”

“Aha! Knew I had some!” He said triumphantly with a batch of painkillers in his hand. “Now let's see what I got here to drink.”

Your heart thumped loud at the implication of putting more liquid in you. Gosh, please no more, you were already holding too much…

“W-Willy?”

“Sorry, all I got here is mead. I’m pretty sure Harvey won’t be happy if I give you painkillers and alcohol,” he sighed. “I promise I’ll take us back as fast as possible, so you won't have to be in pain for much longer.”

You wanted to alert him of your need for a bathroom, you wanted to ask if you could maybe be brought back to the dock so you could release into the ocean… but instead of all that, you ended up sort of following his last point. “P-Please be fast…”

“Aye aye! We’ll be back to the mainland in the blink of an eye!” He sang, starting to close the door behind him. “Heh, that rhymed…”

And you were left alone. Your head sank on the pillow under it and you groaned. Damn it all, why didn't you say what you needed to say?! Now the boat was beginning to enter the open sea and…

Wait a minute, would it really be that impossible to relieve yourself now, even while in the middle of the sea? You couldn't be too sure, but you imagined that sailors, fishermen and the like probably relieved themselves on the ocean countless times. It would cost a lot of money to give indoor plumbing to a ship, money that could easily be saved if people decided to just make the ocean their toilet.

Maybe you can still try to… let go of your own ocean, so to speak. Your bladder began to tingle with severity as it processed what you were thinking. It was clearly just as excited as you to let all this liquid go.

So, first step in this flawless plan was to get up so you could find an appropriate means to relieve yourself. You had to be careful with your movement as you sat up, since you were still weakened by all the combat in the Dungeon. You did leak, which earned a gasp from you, but at least you sat up on your own! You couldn't do that last time you were injured by hardcore monsters.

As you rose to your feet, you wondered why you were having a slightly easier time now in comparison to before. You passed out BOTH times from an overload of attacks to your body, and being burned like this SUCKED, it made most movements feel like they’d peel patches of skin right off you… but you supposed you didn't have any actual bleeding now. That was barely a relief though.

If one thing was VERY similar to last time, it was your generalized fatigue. Your body was simply not in the mood to do all these things you asked of it, which made it feel like any small push would result in new warmth soaking your underwear. For a bit after standing up, you just had to stay there, one hand clutching the head of the bed, the other palming your crotch just to be safe. While in this position, your eyes darted over the cabin, trying to find a way for you to relieve yourself.

Next to the bed was a small porthole and your mind immediately lit up. Heck yeah, you could pour your pee out from there! Once you felt safe enough to start walking, you walked –or better said, dragged your feet– to the porthole, intending to open it, but when you tried, you couldn't. You assumed you would need both hands, so you nervously let go of your groin and pulled again. Still wasn't working, all it did was make your pee-hole quiver threateningly.

‘Well, clearly it's because I’m still hurt, right? It… can't actually be stuck, right?’

You took a moment to breathe and calm your bladder down. It seared and throbbed, feeling oddly similar to your wounds, hot and sensitive. After a few moments of regaining control, you took your pickaxe and stuck an end between the porthole’s frames. Having the help of a tool should do the trick.

You applied force on the pickaxe, hoping the frames would cede and separate, but it wasn't working either. You grew frustrated, you were trying every solution you had, but nothing seemed to be getting you anywhere! Maybe the damn thing really was stuck… The option of breaking the glass entirely DID cross your mind, but you quickly dismissed the thought. This was Willy's ship, not yours, you couldn't just go and break a window like that.

Okay, so no porthole to get rid of your pee. What now?

You crossed your legs and squeezed your crotch again, just giving yourself some aid to keep holding while you thought of a plan B. You doubted you’d be able to hold all of this till you were back in land, so, obviously, you needed to find somewhere to pee, and if not the ocean, then a container would have to do.

Problem was, this cabin looked awfully empty.

You looked through the drawer where Willy had found the painkillers, but there was only a bunch of assorted stuff, none of which could be used to contain anything. The drawers below it had spiderwebs at most, except for one. One drawer had something of interest.

It wasn't a container like you hoped, but it was a gas lamp and a box of matches. It was getting darker, so this came spectacularly. You sat on your knees and bounced to keep the urge manageable while you lit up the lamp. You sighed in relief when it glowed bright, because looking for something to empty your aching bladder into would be a lot easier now that you could see.

You left the matches on top of the nightstand in case you needed them again and began to hold the lamp in the air, taking pained steps forward. Your wounds and bladder hurt… that's why you had to find something as fast as possible so you could get rid of at least one of those pains.

There were some bottles laying on the floor, but like Willy said, they contained mead. You felt like if you tried drinking one of those bottles to then use it as a toilet of sorts, you’d end up peeing yourself before taking the last sip. Maybe you should just pour it on the floor…? Ah, but that would be a waste and you’d end up making an unnecessary mess. Your sphincter trembled as if to say such a thing could happen if you didn't make use of the bottles either.

Maybe they could be used as a last resort… for now, you should look into other alternatives. You shuffled to a corner and saw there was a nice, big wooden bucket and your bladder could've sung with joy. Finally, yes, somewhere appropriate to unload your liquid burden! You started to unbuckle your suspenders as you walked to it and, by the time you had the bucket in your hand, you were already lowering your overalls so you could piss an ocean into this thing. You were so close you could almost taste relief, you–

You saw something in the bucket and your heart skipped a beat. You held the gas lamp over the bucket to confirm your suspicion and your hopes got shattered.

The bucket had a hole in its base.

“No way…” you muttered, forgetting about the bucket and holding yourself with your hands again. You almost let go into that thing, but now that you knew you couldn't, you tightened every muscle around your lower area, refusing to let a single drop pass.

Your bladder thrashed and roared, utterly confused as to why peeing was suddenly forbidden again. It wanted a break! It deserved one! It was brimming full and under so much pressure…

You don't know how long you had to stay there, rocking against your hands with your eyes closed so you wouldn't have to look at the bucket that promised so much and disappointed you mere seconds later. You never really got to a point where you could confidently say ‘ah yes, I will be safe from leaks for a good while’, but if you didn't stand up and keep looking, you’d soak the entire corner, which you, of course, didn't want. So you got up, hoping that as long as you kept a hand firmly wedged between your thighs, it would all be okay.

You kept looking around, feeling like a fool with the suspenders of your overalls hanging around uselessly, but you didn't think it would be favorable to properly place everything right where it should be. If –no, when– you find a place to pee, you won't need to fumble with your clothes anymore. You’ll just have to get them slightly out of the way, just enough for your exit to be exposed, just enough so your pee can–

Pssch!

“AH-!”

Your first big spurt of the night. Oookay, your hunt for the perfect receptacle should really speed up or else the boards will all be coated with layers upon layers of urine from one reckless farmer. You knew you shouldn't panic, but your chest still clenched with anxiety. You could still feel the general weakness of your body and you feared that there wouldn't be much of a time window between leaking and fully wetting.

‘Right, I can’t keep musing here, I need to LOOK!’

Where else, where else? There was a big green bin ahead… and you had an idea of what it was. If it was what you thought it was, then it would not be a good place for you to pee, but… but maybe this one was empty by chance? Maybe? ‘Please,’ you begged mentally. ‘Please don’t have worms…’

You opened the lid of the worm bin and what do you know, it was full of worms! You couldn't pee here! Otherwise, what would Willy say…?

*.~ “Ah! The worms are all dead and foul-smelling!” An overly expressive Willy cried, holding a dead worm high in the air. “No fish will ever bite if I use these! My life as a fisherman is OVER!” ~.*

You shook your head at the ridiculous montage of Willy crying and carrying himself like a thespian acting out a midlife crisis and you ignored the worm bin.

Okay, if not the worm bin, what else?! You… looked at the gas lamp… you wondered if it would be possible to take it apart and pee into the lighbulb-esque thing in its middle. You doubted all your piss could fit in there, but surely it could be enough to take the edge off until you arrive at Stardew Valley, right?

Oh, but then…

*.~ “Aaah! My one and only gas lamp! Now how will I get around me boat without light?! These nights in the open sea will be reigned by darkness! Darkness!” ~.*

Scratch that, no gas lamp will be destroyed today. You can't be that cruel to the theater kid Willy that was suddenly born in your imagination. Damn, this desperation is so strong, it must be making you delirious…

Well, the mead bottles are still there… you HAD made a mental note that you could use those if there was no better option. But now you weren't so sure just how practical this solution actually was…

*.~ “My mead!” Willy exclaimed, “It's all over the floor, all over you, and… and why are you also covered in yer own waters?!”

You laid there with your legs open, a clear wet patch glistening from your crotch. You burped long and loud, lazily raising another bottle of mead as you lay there in a drunken stupor. “Sssorry, Willy, b-but I couldn't decide if I wanted t’drink these so they wouldn't go to waste OR if I wanted t’pour them all over da floor so I could piss sooner… Hehe, so I did BOTH!”~.*

“I-I would N-NEVER do that!” You sputtered, sounding like an offended grandma who just heard someone say a mild curse word that hadn't even been directed at her.

No, no, no, you could feel your holding muscles slowly give up, new drops bloomed hot into your underwear every few seconds, you couldn't hold it! Think, think, think! If nothing Willy has here can contain the tsunami of liquid that's accumulated inside you, then… then maybe YOU have something for that?

You had your backpack…

…Why the hell are you thinking of your backpack as a suitable choice?! It was still full of stuff! Full of loot, full of resources, it even had some of your tools in it! Just what would happen if you pissed in it?!

*.~ “Ew, is that the piss farmer?”

“Why is everyone calling them the ‘piss farmer’ now?”

“Just get close to them and you’ll know! Ever since they got so desperate that they used their backpack to pee, they’ve smelled like piss ever since!”

“I’ve heard they wash their backpack everyday, but the stench lingers.”

“Hey, I remember one time they wet their pants right in front of me! I didn't want to judge back then, but… that was so embarrassing!”

“No way, they wet around me too!”

“And me too! Were they never potty-trained? Weirdo!”

“Why did we ever think they were an exemplary neighbor?! They're a freak who can't hold their own piss!”~.*

“Aaahhhnn–!” You groaned, having fallen to your knees at some point. The gas lamp now stood by your side, completely forgotten while you kneaded your hands deep into your groin, getting little benefit from that. You could feel your pee right at the edge… It burned, your pee-hole felt like a raging wildfire that could only be pacified with a nice, strong, thick jet of liquid. That jet was coming now, you realized with a deep sense of shame, it was coming whether you wanted it or not. You had just… fought for too long, fought too much, and you were just a poor human who had limitations. You did your best, but it seems like today is gonna be yet another day of your best not being good enou–

The world stopped. You noticed something shining from under Willy's bed, something you wouldn't have seen if you hadn't placed the gas lamp on the ground. Feeling like everything now moved in slow motion, you reached out and pulled the object out of its hiding spot.

It was a bowl of sorts. Its shape was like a teacup, but much larger… so much larger that it kind of looked like it COULD hold your pee.

You grabbed it and gave it a one-second examination. It looked clean, it didn't have any holes or cracks… you weren't picky, this was the PERFECT object to finally void into.

Your bladder began to do somersaults as it registered that you were giving yourself permission to piss very soon, pulsing strongly with each passing second. You had to use one hand to apply pressure onto your pee-hole, the other hand worked to get your clothes out of the way.

“Please, please, please…” you whimpered, feeling now more than ever how every last drop of your burden was pressing down, about to tear down the gates of your control. You shivered everywhere as you freed yourself of your garments and placed the Yoba-sent receptacle in the correct spot for you to fill it and–

HSSSSSSSSSSSS

“Haaaaah~!”

You did it. Goodness gracious, you did it! Despite passing out, despite being burned, despite being too weak to stand much physical effort, here you were, emptying your overtaxed bladder somewhere that wasn't yourself! And each moment of release was oh so much better than the last!

Your piss poured aggressively out of you and into the object, making it feel heavier in your hand as time passed. You kept moaning a bit, the drop in pressure too blissful for you to stay quiet. Finally, no more pain. No more stress. No more silly, anxiety-induced montages. All there was for you now was glorious relief and tingly pleasure. “Ohhh…”

It felt so good… so good, so nice, so much better, so–

“Ahoy, we’re back on la–!” Willy stopped himself when he saw what you were doing. He had no time to decide what to do next, because the second he opened the door, you yelped and scrambled to hide your sensitive parts from his view, all while clenching with all your might to stop peeing. His sudden presence did help in cutting off your stream for good, and you then broke a speed record in putting your clothes back in place and in getting yourself away from the bowl you just desecrated, pain from your injuries be damned.

“I’m sorry!” You squeaked, holding your head down, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry! I– I had to– I’m sorry! I didn't mean to!”

You were mortified, humiliated and scared. Willy may be a very chill man, but… but you soiled something that belonged to him! He probably uses that bowl for cooking or something, and you just…!

But against your expectations of Willy showing disgust and repulsion, he… laughed. And it was a hearty laugh at that.

“Don’t sweat it, kid, that thing is meant to be used for that!”

“...What?”

“It's a chamber pot,” Willy explained, “every house used to have those back when indoor plumbing wasn't a thing. When I sailed the seas with me ol’ Pappy, I’d sometimes wake up in the night needing a leak meself, but it would be too dark by then to let go by the side of the boat. So, the ol’ man gifted me that chamber pot so I could do my business without leavin’ the cabin! I’d later pour it down into the sea when morning came.”

“So, this…” You looked over to the chamber pot, feeling twinges from your bladder that hadn't been emptied all the way and wanted to use it again. “This was a gift from your… O-Oh gosh, Willy, I’m s-so sorry!”

“Don’t be!” Willy laughed again. “I had actually forgotten the thing was even there! If my ol' Pappy was still around, he would be glad his gift is still being put to good use!”

Still, you couldn't help but be embarrassed for getting caught. It was… a bit relieving to hear you used something that was meant to be peed into, but still, you didn't KNOW then that that was its purpose! You thought it was a regular bowl and you used it!

Before you could start delving into thoughts about how shameless you are, Willy spoke again. “Anyway, we’re back home! Let me help you up, I think Harvey must still be up at this hour.”

And so, the fisherman grabbed you and offered support for you to lean on while you shuffled out of the cabin, out of the boat, into the dock of Stardew Valley's beach. Your bladder still felt full, but it was nowhere near as agonizing as now. Using the chamber pot ultimately did help in taking the edge off your desperation, so much so that you felt pretty sure that you would not have an accident before reaching the clinic.

And the clinic had a bathroom. Harvey knew of your shy bladder as well, so… maybe everything would be okay after all. You could tell him what you needed and he would understand what to do. The pain from your wounds dulled down as you thought of how lucky you were to have this community look out for you.

