Tales of a Desperate Farmer (Stardew Valley Fanfiction)

Author: DesperateFarm

*008*2024-09-11 19:57

Chapter 6 - Unable To Keep Still 

You were proud of how hardworking Leah is. She set up a small online shop for her art like you suggested, and she had been doing well. At first she had one major supporter, but she slowly expanded her follower base. Now, she was even getting commissions from these new fans! Everytime you stumbled across her, she would tell you all about her growing success as an online artist and you always felt great to hear good story after good story. 

So, when she called you one random spring day, asking if you could pose as a model for her next commission, you were quick to say yes. You knocked on the door of her cottage and she smiled wide upon seeing you. 

“I’m so glad you’re here!” She said. “Come in, everything’s ready for us to begin. Can I offer you anything first, though? I got some water.” 

She was already handing off a glass to you, so you felt obliged to accept it and to thank her for it. You weren't feeling that thirsty, though, since you had already drunk a triple shot espresso for breakfast… and maybe a small amount of it was already sitting in your bladder. ‘Perhaps I should've taken an extra pee before coming here…’ You thought a bit too late. But you barely felt anything at all under there, so you didn't worry. You didn’t drink the whole thing, just enough to feel refreshed and to show Leah your appreciation for her hospitality. 

Leah also sipped at a water glass of her own as she showed you where she wanted you to model. It was right by a window. 

“Stand straight.”

“Face me, but turn your head to the side.”

“Spread your legs.”

“Drap your axe over your shoulder.” 

You did all of these things until she determined you were in the perfect position for her to start sculpting. 

“Alright, there you go! Now please stay as still as you can. Thank you, again, for doing this.” 

“No problem, Leah,” you replied. “Happy to help. So, what exactly is your commission about?” 

“So, my client apparently has a lumberjack in the family,” Leah explained. “And they wanted me to sculpt a lumberjack to honor this person’s profession. I think that's really nice.” 

“It is,” you agreed, staying in place, though your eyes tried to look in Leah's direction. “But… how detailed will the sculpture be?” 

“Not very detailed, why?” 

You sighed in relief. “I thought you would give the sculpture my face or something…” you said with a nervous giggle. 

“Oh!” Leah laughed too. “Don’t worry, I wanted your help mostly so I could get the pose and anatomy right. I’ll give this lumberjack vague facial features, since I don’t know what this person’s relative actually looks like. Or who knows, maybe I can give it your face if you’d like?” 

“Oh, no, no,” you shook your head slightly and stiffened up when you remembered you had to remain still. “I… I don’t think I’m very sculpture-worthy. Don’t waste your time on it.” 

“Oh, don’t say that!” Leah said. “You would make for a great sculpture! I wouldn’t mind carving a piece of wood to look like you when I get some free time.” 

You felt your cheeks heating up at the compliment. Maybe you’ll accept her offer, if she insists she’d like to sculpt you someday. “Haha… well, I guess we’ll see.” 

The conversation ended there. You stayed put, enjoying the sun rays that came through the window and warmed your skin. You were feeling good so far, though standing there turned boring after some time, so much so that every stimuli was immediately perceived. You could clearly hear every little chirp from the birds outside. You could see through the light on the floor when a cloud was passing by, partially obscuring the sun. You could feel your bladder churning again, telling you you should go to the bathroom now for maximum comfort. 

That last sensation kind of snapped you from the otherwise zen mode you had gotten into. It still was a manageable urge, but it did get you thinking about bathrooms. The fact that you had a front row view of Leah’s bathroom because of the spot and position you were in didn’t help matters at all. The door to it had been left open and you could see the toilet with its lid up. Your bladder sent a signal of need to your brain again. Seems like it caught on that there was a toilet within reach and it asked to be emptied into it. You tightened up your holding muscles and the urge died down after a bit. It wasn’t time to pee yet, you had barely been here for… how long? You didn’t know for certain, but it didn’t feel like that much time had passed. You could hold it. 

You may have been filling up relatively slowly, but you WERE filling up nonetheless. After what was probably an hour or two of just standing, you couldn’t deny that you really wished to be inside that bathroom, letting go of all the caffeine you had pumped into your body earlier that morning. Worst of all, you couldn’t squirm much. You couldn’t press your legs together or hold yourself whenever a new wave of desperation hit you. Over time your holding muscles became irritated that they had to be the ones enduring this burden all on their own, they wanted some help! But you couldn’t give them that. You would ruin Leah’s sculpting AND you’d make yourself look ridiculous. 

You tried to occupy your mind with other things. You tried thinking of any chores you had left to do on the farm. You thought of the times you fulfilled requests that had been put up on the billboard outside of Pierre’s. You tried remembering whose birthday was coming up next. All of this seemed to work in distracting you from your predicament until Leah made a noise. Your eyes looked over to her as best as they could and you caught her stretching. You spoke with hope before you could even process what you were about to say. “Are you done?” 

“Nope,” she said, your chest clenching in pity. You were hoping the sculpture was done or something, so you could finally go pee. “I was just stretching. Do you wanna stretch too? It can be hard work being a model.” 

Oh, you could actually leave this pose for a bit? That sounded great! You quickly said you’d like that and you didn’t waste a moment in getting out of that uncomfortable pose. Your legs crossed, which felt really good for the couple of seconds that you allowed them to stay together. You took an uneasy breath, feeling how your bladder reacted to the change of posture. You did your best to keep your waters in even without your thighs being juxtaposed one in front of the other and, thankfully, Leah remained unsuspecting of what was going on. 

You eyed the bathroom again, thinking for the umpteenth time about how inviting it looked, but when Leah spoke again, you had a realization. If you used her bathroom, she would hear you. Her house was tiny, no way you wouldn’t be heard. And NO way you could ask her to step out for a few minutes so you could go. Can’t ask someone to leave their OWN house while you stay in there! 

‘I think I’m in trouble again…’ you thought anxiously. Your desperation, though very uncomfortable now, used to feel like it could be controlled and hidden. Now that you realized relief won’t be coming to you easily unless you come up with some excuse to leave, the need worsened. You allowed your thighs to tense up and you took in a big breath of air to calm yourself down. You didn’t want her to find out you had to pee, you felt that would be just as embarrassing as outright telling her. 

“You’re still doing okay, right?” Leah asked you. “You don't need to be all stiff now that you’re resting.” 

Your gaze darted across the floor, the fear of possibly being found out creeping in. “N-No, guess not…” So, very carefully, you eased your position just a bit more and took a deep breath again to appear like you were casually relaxing. You decided to check out what Leah was doing. Thankfully, she wasn't staring at you –or worse, at your tightened legs– like you feared, she was just blowing some sawdust from her statue. To keep the illusion that nothing bad was going on, you decided to do some casual commentary on her work. “It’s coming along nice.” 

“Mmh? Oh, yeah, thank you,” Leah said, having gotten distracted from focusing on her progress. “It almost looks like a human now, at least.” She got up from her seat and reached her glass of water again. “You can drink the rest of your water, if you want,” she added, soon occupying her mouth with the glass. 

You certainly didn’t feel like putting more water in you, so you denied her offer. You kept trying to calm yourself down, telling yourself your need shouldn’t get exponentially worse, considering you hadn’t drunk anything in a while. A few minutes later, you and Leah resumed your endeavors. You stood as needed again and she sat back on her stool. You had to admit it, you had never held it like this. Countless instances of desperation in your life, yet this was the first time you kept your legs distanced from each other for a long, continuous time, forcing you to rely on muscle alone. You kept yourself clenched, trying to stave off the urge to leak. You also closed your eyes so the sigh of the bathroom wouldn't overexcite your bladder. 

And time kept passing. You felt at many points how your legs shook from the sheer effort of not snapping together with every ripple and sting of need, and you didn’t know if the next wave of desperation would be the one to start soaking your clothes. 

Naively, you thought that as long as you didn’t speak or snap your legs together, Leah would remain unaware. Unfortunately, she did not. She called your name with a worried tone and you asked her what was up. 

“You’re breathing funny,” Leah said. “Is it the sun? Are you getting heatstroke?” 

You started to feel hope again. This might be a good excuse to leave! “Maybe? I-I do feel a bit unwell.” 

Leah got up from her stool. “Get away from the window, then. You can sit on my bed if you need it.” 

Oh good, yes, a break couldn’t have come at a better time, you could do wonderfully with a seat. You tried not to panic as you felt your first leak come out of you as you moved your legs to no longer be so far apart, but thankfully you didn’t let any more out. Now that you could cross your legs and take a more comfortable stance, you didn’t feel like leaking again was that big of a threat anymore. 

You scrambled over to the bed and sat on it carefully. Your legs did feel better to be given a rest after helping your holding muscles so much. The current wave of need started to pass and you could finally breathe eas– 

Psssssh!

Water. Your thighs pressed against each other, your need having been amplified again by the sound. That glass of water Leah offered you when you first got here, the contents of which had been drunk in half, was being refilled. 

Leah came over to you and handed you the glass. Her brows were slightly furrowed as she told you to drink up. 

You gazed at the water with a bit of fear. “N-No thanks, I’m fine.” 

“You must be dehydrated,” Leah said. “You barely drank half a glass the whole time you've been here. You really should drink something before you get worse.” 

Drinking WOULD make it worse, but you couldn’t tell her that. You would need to tell her you weren’t having a heatstroke, which would take away your chance of going home. If you did that, you’d have to be honest and tell her you just needed to pee really bad. She would let you use her bathroom for sure, but problems could arise from that easily. If she didn’t outright step out of her cottage –which she was under no obligation to do, as it is her house– then you wouldn’t be able to go. Because of that, you’d have to tell her you NEED her away for a while, which could lead to that can of worms opening… 

It sucked, it really did, but in order to preserve your dignity, you had to take the water. You accepted it with a grimace and began to drink. You hoped you could get away with swallowing just a few sips, but soon after your lips left the glass, Leah said something you wish she hadn’t. 

“That’s good, keep that up.” 

You chose to just play dumb and not ‘keep it up’. You even set the glass down on the floor, actually feeling how your bladder got a bit squished when you doubled over to do that, but nothing a firm tightening of the legs and a bit of hip wriggling couldn’t fix. 

Leah didn’t seem very glad at how full the glass still was. She looked back at you. “You won’t drink any more?” 

You shook your head. “Th-That already helped a lot, thank you,” you lied. “But, I… I think I should go home to rest. I d-don’t wanna bother you.” 

“You’re not bothering me,” Leah said. “But you do have me worried. Will you really be okay if you walk back home? The sun will still shine on you for all that time…” 

Her concerns were sound for someone who thought there really was a case of heatstroke at hand. Unfortunately, your problem was quite the opposite. You were well hydrated, just in desperate need to release liquids from your system. With you, though, such a problem wasn’t always that easy to solve… 

“Listen,” Leah spoke up. “I think you should stay here for a bit longer, just to make sure you’re okay. I hate to think what could happen if I let you get out to the sun. I’m sure you understand.” 

Aaand things officially took the worst possible turn. You didn’t know how to possibly counter Leah’s concerns without getting weirdly aggressive about it. In her perception, she was doing the best she could do. You couldn’t tell her why she was wrong about her decisions without telling her the real reason why you wanted to leave. 

Not only that, but she just had to pick up the glass of water and hand it back to you. AND if you play it cool and drink to keep her suspicions low, you will get more desperate. You will never get better from your ‘heatstroke’. If anything, you’ll only get worse and Leah will insist you stay in her cottage to cool down. Hell, you already felt a bit worse from just drinking this, even if you knew it couldn’t have possibly made its way to your bladder just yet. 

What realistic way did you have out of this? 

The fact that your nerves had an effect on your bladder wasn’t doing you any favors either. You knew panicking wouldn’t help anyone, but you couldn’t help it, you were feeling pretty anxious. You wanted to squeeze your crotch at least for a bit, but you didn’t feel like you had enough privacy to do that. As a result, you had to squirm. But you were also trying to keep the squirming subtle. 

Leah interpreted this as your body growing more uncomfortable and antsy due to the heat. Your glass still wasn’t done, so she recommended you finish it off. “You’ll feel better, trust me.” 

So, you drank the glass until there was nothing left. Between the knowledge that you were putting more liquids into your system and the attempt at not letting your desperation become obvious, your pee-hole quiveringly released some more urine, just a little bit. Still, it was enough to put you on edge. You nearly prayed to Yoba that she wouldn’t try to fetch you a second glass of water, but of course, she did. 

At least this time you managed to find enough wit to come up with an excuse to keep that water from going down your throat too. “I-I’m– I’m feeling nauseous…” 

“Oh, okay,” Leah mumbled, setting the glass down. “I guess that’s a symptom of heatstroke too… aw man, I really messed this all up, didn’t I?” 

Poor Leah… she genuinely felt so guilty for something that was no one’s fault. Well, you did kind of blame yourself for forgetting to pee right before leaving home. Had you known posing for an art piece would take as long as it did, you REALLY would’ve been more careful. 

“Y-You didn’t,” you choked out, wanting to comfort her. 

She stayed silent for a bit, but then she did sound reassured. “I guess you’re right. But hey, I still want to make up for it by making sure you’re okay. Let’s hope that water you drank makes you feel better.” 

‘It won’t,’ you thought in misery. ‘Really, believe me, it won’t.’ 

You tried a few times to pretend to feel calm and well enough to be allowed to leave, but that was pretty hard to do when it felt like your bladder was approaching total fullness. Whenever you tried to relax your posture, your body would struggle to keep its piss inside, and you would be back to straining every muscle you had to keep the floodgates closed. 

Leah never fully calmed down either. How could she, when you acted this tense? She thought SHE put you in this situation by having you pose by a window, where the sun shone on you constantly, of course she felt like she held some responsibility in how bad you felt now. 

And by Yoba, did you feel bad. Each new wave that came over you was stronger than the last, and your holding muscles yearned for a respite. Maybe this was a bit hypochondriac of you, but you really thought the glass you just downed was slowly starting to join the already vast ocean contained in your bladder. Things could only go from bad to worse. 

You tried your best to keep your squirming at a minimum, too. With how small the cottage was, Leah was just as aware of your every move as you were of hers. She had been standing and resting by the window for some time now, looking deep in thought. Suddenly, she broke the silence with a question that weirded you out. “Does this happen to you often?” 

“H-Huh?” 

“Are you sensitive to temperatures or something? I mean, we’re still just in spring, and I don’t feel all that hot from standing here… but I suppose that’s easy for me to say. You stood here for far longer than I did, and you didn’t drink much before starting to pose.” 

You weren’t sure what to tell her, so you hoped you didn’t have to come up with an answer to her questions. It was getting a bit hard to think with how urgently you had to go. 

But as luck would have it, Leah wasn’t satisfied with your lack of an answer. She called your name to grab your attention again. “How are you feeling now?” 

Oh, shoot… okay, if you manage to convince her you’re feeling much better now, maybe then she’ll let you leave. You had to balance putting on a good act while simultaneously keeping your body in check, but this was your chance! 

You fidgeted, trying to find a way to make the muscles in your limbs and back relax without prompting… other muscles from relaxing too. And for a second, you thought you had it. You appeared less tense and your pee was staying inside. Pressing right at your exit, sure, but it was still inside. You smiled at Leah, trying to keep the wobble out of your voice. “A-Actually? Yeah, I’m feeling m-much better now.” 

Leah seemed a bit surprised by that, but also hopeful. “Really?” 

You nodded. Gosh, you needed to pee… the pressure was increasing, but you couldn’t fumble it now, you had to convince her you were good to go. “So, u-uhm, I think I should get home n-now…” 

You began to stand up from the bed, but doing that while pretending there wasn’t a crisis occurring in your abdomen was too much for your body to handle at once. You felt warmth spread over your crotch and, and– 

You couldn’t do it. You collapsed right back on the bed, the sudden movement prompting the leak to come out with more force, but you snapped your legs together and it stopped. The act had been completely shattered, though. Your smile was replaced with a grimace and your voice wailed and groaned, no longer speaking reassuring words that could convince Leah she no longer had to worry over you. 

So much for trying to get her to calm down, now she was even more worried for you. 

Through the fog of your desperation, you heard Leah speak in a serious tone. “I think we should get you to the clinic. Something’s just not right.” 

You’re not too sure why, but that made you feel hopeful for a second. The clinic had a bathroom! But then you thought of how you’d have to walk all the way there, and the hope vanished. You felt quite silly right after, because you remembered there WAS a much closer bathroom, you had just written it to be off-limits merely because of Leah’s presence. 

“Oh, but I don’t know if you’re really in good condition to walk…” Leah mumbled. She had a point, you’d clearly struggle to make it there without something bad happening. Though, you two were concerned for different things. She feared you’d collapse, you feared you’d pee your pants. “Harvey should be the one to come here, ideally…” 

A lightbulb went off in her head. She could go get him herself. When she thought that aloud, you could’ve sighed with relief. Yes, that’s exactly what you needed! You could relieve yourself while she went out to get him! At this point you nearly couldn’t care about how embarrassing it was that two people now would be worried you had a real medical emergency, your pee emergency was more urgent! 

But Leah didn’t bolt out of her home to get help. It almost looked like she was about to leave, but then she turned around and headed for her computer. “Wait, duh, I can just email him.” 

‘WHY?’ 

You cursed past you for suggesting she get a computer. Dammit, everything was playing out against you! 

At least… at least she wasn’t looking AT you anymore. She was focused on her computer, which meant you could grip your crotch now. You cringed at how damp it already was, and you dread to think of just how much wetter it could become. It felt slightly easier to hold it now that you were grabbing at yourself, but you knew that wouldn’t last forever. Your need was actually ramping up pretty fast now, after that extra intake of fluids you wish you hadn’t had. 

You started to wonder if maybe you should keep your hands buried in there and have Leah see you like that. She would understand then, wouldn’t she? She’d look at you, giggle at herself and say ‘oh, do you need to use the bathroom? But of course, go in! I’ll step outside, you just go ahead’, right? It would be embarrassing, yes, but how much more embarrassing would it be to lose control while on her bed? Or anywhere else that wasn’t a toilet? 

So, you kept your hands there and rocked on your seat, reminding yourself over and over that you would NOT take your hands out from your groin once Leah was done writing the email to Harvey. 

But then, you heard the screeching of Leah’s chair as she pushed it back while she was still sitting on it. You froze and looked up, watching how she stood up from the chair. “Alright, email sent.” 

And your hands left their place. DAMMIT… in that split second, your shyness won over logic and your hands decided they didn’t want to clue Leah in to your trouble anymore! They were now balled up in fists on your lap, aching to help you in your effort to hold back all your piss, but now that she was back to looking at you, you found it hard to be honest about what the problem actually was. 

She stepped away from the computer and headed over to you, still keeping a respectful distance, but wanting to be close enough in case something happened. “How are you feeling? Still nauseous?” 

You could almost feel nauseous from how bad your desperation was. Despite that, you shook your head, having forgotten why you had claimed to be feeling queasy in the first place. 

“More water? Sorry, I don–” 

More head shaking. You couldn’t, no, you couldn’t drink more water, you’d burst! 

“I don’t know how else to help,” Leah said sadly. “I… Harvey should be here sooner rather than later, though. I checked the time, he should still be in work hours.” 

You kind of felt the curiosity to check your watch to know what the exact time was, but you were much more preoccupied with your exploding bladder to ultimately care enough to check the time. You don’t know exactly how long it’s been since you last peed this morning, you just knew it had been way too long… 

Leah stood idly for a bit longer before deciding to take a seat beside you. The bed did shift slightly when a new weight was added to it, and it hadn’t been anything extraordinary, but your poor, overfilled organ felt the subtle shift as a powerful ripple that shook it to its core. Your pee-hole burned as you tried to stay shut, yet a bit more pee came out. And with that, a needy groan escaped your throat and your legs twisted one over the other. Your hands remained on your lap, but that display right there had looked pretty much like a pure pee-dance. 

It was impossible for Leah to have missed it. She was finally starting to get an idea of what was actually wrong, but she decided to ask anyway, to either make sure her suspicion was right, or to give you the liberty of being the one to say it. “Uhm, are you okay?” 

You felt pretty sure she already figured out you had to piss, so the shame kicked in. Rather stupidly, you nodded and strained out a “yeah”. 

She clearly did not buy it. She stayed silent for a little bit, obviously watching you writhe in desperation, before prodding you again. “Are you sure?” 

You fought internally not just with your bladder, but with your mind too. You had to tell her. You’d ruin her bed if you didn’t… “I–” 

“Have you just needed to use the restroom all along?” She said out of the blue. 

Painfully, you nodded, feeling another leak come out. It was official, you were losing it. You could NOT hold it much longer. 

Leah sighed. It sounded like she felt ten pounds lighter from figuring out there was an easy solution to your problem. Meanwhile, you still felt like you weighed ten pounds more than normal from the pee stored inside you. 

“I…” She giggled half-heartedly. “I was so worried for you! Why didn’t you say anything?” 

You yelped. How could you even answer that question? The answer was tricky enough to come up with with a sober mind, trying to come up with it while your mind couldn’t process much more than the abhorrent pressure in your lower half was next to impossible. 

At least Leah didn’t seem to mind your lack of response this time. “Right, I guess I shouldn’t hold you up any longer. Bathroom is right there,” she pointed to the half open door that had teased you so mercilessly hours prior. 

Yet, you didn’t get up. There still was the problem of Leah hearing you. She hadn’t stood up herself, so… did that mean she planned to stay? Again, you didn’t fault her for that, you just wished she could read your mind or something, so she could know how to make this slightly easier for you! 

With your gaze nervously going over to the bathroom door, then to Leah, back and forth, she wondered why you weren’t sprinting to the toilet like you obviously had to. “Well? What are you waiting for?” 

You gnashed your teeth, feeling VERY clearly how your bladder was asking you the exact same question. It was throbbing, full and angry. You just fidgeted uselessly some more, trying your damn hardest to find the words before it was too late. “I don’t…” 

“You don’t what?” 

“I– Ah! I w-want to be alone!... P-P-Please?” 

Finally. Six words and your message had been delivered. You hated how difficult you found it to voice your need, but now that that was done, there should hopefully be no more obstacles in your way. 

Almost funnily enough, your imagined scenario from earlier, the one where Leah giggled to herself, started playing out now in a similar manner. “Oh! I should’ve guessed. Right, I’ll step outside, you just go ahead.” 

NOW that you knew she would leave, did you begin to stand up. This time, you had to keep one hand tightly pressed to your body while the other helped push you up from the bed. It was still incredibly tricky, though. Your knees were wobbly, your legs were just too stiff to stand up normally. And to add to your immense embarrassment as it was, Leah could see the trouble you were in, so she offered you a hand. Letting out a little whine, you accepted her help. Instead of pushing yourself up, you took her hand and she pulled you to your feet. Your pants redampened at the movement, but you miraculously hadn’t started to have an accident right then and there. 

“Okay, I’ll be leaving for real this time,” Leah said, and true to her word, she walked out of her cottage. 

Something about her not being there anymore really must’ve thrusted your shy bladder into a sense of security, because you were no longer just leaking occasionally, you were properly trickling. You couldn’t afford to walk slowly to the toilet, your control was slipping no matter what you did. Might as well try to get to the right place as fast as possible. 

You got yourself to the bathroom and barely managed to lock the door with your shaky hand. Your stream picked up in intensity before you could even start to free yourself of your clothes, but you couldn’t give up now, the toilet was literally right there, ready to use! You acted as fast as you could, your breath choking out as you held on for one second longer and– 

HSSSSSSSSSS!

At long last, your body gave in completely, but blessedly enough, your torrent was falling where it should be! You panted, trying to catch your breath as you understood that, yes, you were relieving yourself on a toilet, with no one to hear you. In tandem with that realization, your overstretched bladder at last squeezed enough pee out that the signals it sent to your brain were no longer of painful urgency, but of pleasurable shrinking. You sighed deeply and moaned at the wondrous sensations. You felt nice tingles throughout your skin as relief took over, and you could finally just… relax. You no longer had to strain anything at all. 

As expected, this release took quite a long time, but you felt so much more at ease that you couldn’t really mind it. You fully allowed yourself to pee to your heart’s content, until your bladder was as devoid of liquid as a desert. “Phew…” 

That had been CLOSE. Quite literally, just a few seconds later and it would have all gone into your pants. You almost felt like patting yourself on the back for making it, but once your clothes were back into place, you saw that maybe you hadn’t made it as well as you thought. A decently sized wet patch could be seen around your crotch. It became clear that you had done a lot more than just leaking… 

Well, now you dreaded coming out of the bathroom and facing Leah again. You hoped it would go without saying that you didn’t feel like posing anymore today. 

You walked out of the cottage too, so she could know everything was well and done. Your hands were intertwined and resting on your front, trying to hide the stain of shame as much as they could. You cringed when Leah’s eyes traveled there anyway, so you quickly looked to the side. 

She took your whole demeanor in. Other than the increased timidness and the attempt to invisibilize your wet spot, you appeared totally normal now. “So… I guess I should re-email Harvey to tell him not to come here, after all.” 

You winced at the reminder that things had really gone up to those stakes, but you just nodded to her. She should do that, before a third person comes in and potentially sees your soaked, not very well hidden crotch. 

“If I can ask this again, why didn’t you say anything?” Leah said. “You… you looked like you needed that pretty bad. And, I would’ve understood if you wanted to be left alone for that. I don’t invite people to my cottage often, but since it’s so small, I also cringe at the thought of a guest hearing me pee from any spot in the house.” 

You fiddled with your thumbs, knowing you had to say something in return. “I… I guess I was just, uhm– embarrassed? Or, uh, m-maybe I wanted so hard to be a good model th-that I…” 

Leah sighed, but she had a small smile on her lips. “Aw, come on now, you’re a person just like anyone else. Models aren’t perfect posing machines, they need breaks too. I feel like muses are often underappreciated in art. Everyone marvels at the skill of the artist, but few give as much credit to the inspiration that sparked a masterpiece.” 

You took in her words, feeling slightly taken aback by the turn she took, from comforting you to rambling about the arts. You couldn’t fault her at all, though. She was an artist, it was normal for her to go into that route. 

Amusingly enough, she also caught herself in the act of switching topics. “Sorry, I just had to get that opinion off my chest, I suppose. But, I mean what I said. You wouldn’t have bothered me by asking for a potty break.” 

“Uhm, thank you,” was all you could think to say. 

“Of course. Now, I suppose you, uh, may want to get home,” she said. “And I get it. I don’t know if you’d be up to come back again tomorrow… with how stressful posing was for you today, I can see why you would wanna pass.” 

You shook your head. She was right in that you wanted nothing more than to go home now and change into something dry, but you surprised yourself by how willing you were to see her again the next day. Normally, you felt extremely embarrassed to see the person or people that last saw you having an emergency of this sort, but with Leah, that didn’t happen. Maybe it was because you managed to largely avoid an accident, maybe it was because you wanted her statue to be the best it could be, but you didn’t feel like passing the opportunity to see her again tomorrow. “No, I can come.” 

She seemed surprised by your disposition. “Really? Oh, wow, that’s awesome! Thank you so much. I guess I’ll see you tomorrow then!” 

And you smiled back at her, turning to head to your farm while she went back to her home. You supposed that if you had to take anything positive from this day, it was that you now knew what you should absolutely do and not do next time you pose for her. Helping her with her commission should be smoother sailing from now on. 

*010*2024-09-14 17:57

{{20 hours ago, GotaSecret said: 

Realized that I hadn't upvoted the rest of the chapters even though I've read and enjoyed them so I went ahead and did that, haha. 

I'm really liking this fic! 

}}

Thank you so much! ❤️ 

*012*2024-10-30 14:09

{{On 10/29/2024 at 5:55 AM, Breepee said:

Amazing stories! Anymore planned?

}}

Thanks! I do have more stories in store, I'm just deciding what story to publish next, since I want these to be in chronological order.

