Tales of a Desperate Farmer (Stardew Valley Fanfiction)

Author: DesperateFarm

*004*2024-06-13 23:58

Chapter 3 - An Impatient Patient

(Content warning for mentions and small descriptions of injury and medical themes.)

Someone is waiting for you on level 100 in the skull cavern…

That was what yesterday’s note said. You wanted today to be a day of mining in the normal mines, but to hell with that now, this secret note was setting you up for something much greater! You could feel your heartbeat every time you reread the note, it gave you chills. Who was waiting for you there? Why, in all places of the world, was this secret note resting beneath the soil of Stardew Valley?

The only way you would ever find out was if you reached level 100.

You’d gone on multiple hunts in the skull cavern before. You were not prepared at ALL your first time, and barely came out of it alive after going down less than ten floors. But with time you perfected your strategies. Still, you had never gotten past level 50, and now this note was telling you to get to level 100… if you weren't one for challenges, you would've discarded the note entirely, but you're a stubborn and resolute person, as well as a decent fighter and miner. You wanted to test yourself and find out what lay in floor 100.

Your luck for the day was also high. It was like the universe was telling you to go on this mission! So as soon as you could, you boarded the bus to Calico Desert.

You checked your backpack one last time as Pam drove you there. You had lots of coffee, various foods, bombs of all types and, of course, your pickaxe and sword. You had also crafted a few staircases just in case you ever needed a bit of help going down difficult floors.

An air of determination encased you as you ran to the entrance of the skull cavern. You hadn't felt this alive in some time now! A tiny part of you was admittedly scared, but for the most part, you felt so ready to just tackle anything that came your way.

You downed a nice, big triple shot espresso and a plate of crab cakes before actually heading in. NOW you were ready to give it your all.

You inserted the skull key into the keyhole and your quest began.

The first 20 floors were kind of a breeze. You got hurt at times, but you always managed to heal back up before things got too critical. You used all your tools to your advantage and descended relatively quickly.

After floor 35, you needed to drink more coffee again, since the espresso’s effects from earlier had worn off already. Not a problem, you had lots of coffee with you. You wouldn't run out.

Things were definitely getting harder now. Coordinating when to break rocks and when to swing your sword at monsters became an increasingly messy task. It was also at this point that you felt like maybe, just maybe, some decent amount of liquid was sitting in your bladder. It was still something that could barely be felt, so you didn't pay it any mind. There was much bigger stuff for you to worry about, like the fact that it was almost noon and you weren't even halfway down. You should really hurry it up.

You decided you should use some staircases too, otherwise you might just not make it to your objective. So that's what you did. Every time a floor was giving you a mildly hard time, you just shoved a staircase into the ground and descended. ‘This makes for a good boost ahead’, you thought.

And just like that, you were past floor 50. You broke your record! You drank some more coffee to keep you running, ignoring the small pangs of need flaring from your middle. You could do this! You could take on anything tha–

Infested floor. Gosh dammit. To your dismay, it was packed with iridium bats and huge purple slimes, even the occasional serpent would show up to give you a mini heart attack, as well as a gash across your skin whenever its spikes touched you.

You reached into your backpack and felt a bead of sweat run down your forehead as you saw how little food you had left… you could be in serious trouble if you ran out. You tried to deal with all the monsters on the floor, because you stupidly used all the staircases you had brought with you, plus the staircases you crafted along the way with the stones you managed to collect. You wanted so badly to descend quickly that you forgot to consider the very real chance that an infested floor could get in your way.

‘Never will I let my confidence get to my head like that again’, you thought miserably. If you had any staircases left, you could just escape this hell and be somewhere else! But that wasn't an option for you right now, so you had to completely rid the floor of monsters before anything else could be done.

The iridium bats were especially a nightmare. Those pests dealt the most damage out of everything else in these cursed mines! If you got hit by one even just twice, you’d already feel yourself hanging on by a thread.

It was excruciating, but you managed to kill all the beasts, granting you the opportunity to finally locate a ladder. You found it, but didn't go down right away. You checked your backpack for food and… there was only one piece of bread. Literally.

Your heart beat anxiously as you picked it and ate it. You barely felt any better after consuming it, but what other choice did you have? You did, for a brief moment, consider leaving, but something tugged at you to keep pushing just a little bit more. You weren't AT death’s doorstep, which meant you could, with some luck, precision and skill, keep going down and stay okay.

Your nervousness woke your bladder back up again, the fullness having increased to maybe half of your capacity.

The idea of peeing on mine floors was too bizarre and uncomfortable for you, not to mention you would be wasting precious few seconds IF you were able to get yourself to piss at all.

“Dammit… Let's do this!” You said to yourself, adjusting the straps of your overalls and patting yourself on the face. If no one was around to pep you up for this, then you would do it yourself.

You descended one more floor, knowing you couldn't allow yourself to mess up any longer. You were extra careful whenever you slayed monsters. You were doing great, but right as you located a staircase by the opposite end of that one floor, you heard a serpent coming your way. You tried to get to the stairs as quickly as you could, but the flying beast got there before you.

“GAH–!” You yelped, receiving a gash across your forehead. You threw yourself down the stairs since you had the time, thankful that you didn't HAVE to fight that monster, but still, the scare and injury it gave you put you very on edge. You were starting to really doubt your ability to reach your objective.

What floor was this now? Probably level 53… man, barely ahead of your last record and you were already on the brink of losing. You felt little drops of blood run down from your gash, which caused your left eye to close by reflex to protect itself from the red fluid.

You wiped the blood off so you could open your eye again, you needed them both if you wanted to see monsters coming at you before they hurt you! But seconds after wiping the blood, more dripped down. Maybe you will have to do this with just one eye after all…

You tried your hardest, you really did, but your increasing lack of faith in yourself, the exhaustion of mining and fighting for the past three or so hours, the pain that remained in your body from previous blows dealt to you… it was all starting to play out against you.

A slime jumped at you from your blind spot, quickly immobilizing you. You swung your sword at it, but it hit you a second time before you could kill it off for good. And you got so distracted by the slime that you didn't see the iridium crab that had been creeping up on you, alerting you of its existence only by scratching so hard against your leg that you knew instantly that a big bruise would form there.

You heard a serpent coming from your right and, in a panic, you ran to your left, disturbing an iridium bat from its slumber. You turned left and right in your spot as you tried, with your altered depth perception, to estimate which monster would get close enough first so you could attack it before the other.

But as fate would dictate it, they both flew to you almost at the same time, giving you no chance to attack any one of them without getting hurt yourself. Now you felt a wet, painful warmth come from your arm.

Ignoring the new injury, you slashed your blade across the air, focusing on the bat and serpent that were now, thankfully both coming from the same side. Your body shook with unease, but you tried to tell yourself this was in your control now. You just had to kill these two monsters that attacked from the front and you would be okay.

And for a bit it really seemed that simple. That is, until you heard a wet, bouncy noise come from behind you. Your waist rotated so you could look behind you and you barely caught a glimpse of a purple slime that had wanted to jump at you. You didn't feel any pain when it charged at you, so you assumed it probably passed through in between your legs, since they were open in a battle stance.

By the time you focused again on what was happening in front of you, the iridium bat was already too close. It used its claws to scratch your shoulder badly.

“OW!” You shouted, actually dropping your sword because of the sudden urge you had to grab your new wounded spot. You realized a second later how grave this mistake was and you quickly crouched down to grab your sword again. By the time it was in your hands again, the serpent was TOO close to you, and you couldn't send it back with a slash of your weapon, you could only block the attack as best as you could to earn yourself one or two seconds.

But then the bat from behind you screeched again. ‘WHY?!'

Your mind felt very clouded, this was too much all at once. Your body hurt and bled, your attention was split, your fear was at an all time high and–

In the nanosecond you looked behind you to check how close the bat was to attacking you again, the slime jumped at you again, this time landing a critical hit right to your torso, right on the bladder area. Oh yeah, you ALSO needed to pee on top of everything else. A shaky spurt escaped your urethra and you fell back, the world closing in on you.

That damn slime was the thing to take you out. You felt so close to passing out before, but that last punch had been too much.

Your bladder tingled from the impact, your arm and forehead kept bleeding, your strength left you rapidly and your eyes rolled to the back of your head as your eyelids suddenly became too heavy to keep open anymore.

The world around you went silent.

.

|

.

.

|

.

Everything was dark.

You barely felt a connection with your body.

You could vaguely hear the things around you.

The buzzing of electricity, shoes stepping on a tiled floor and then, a voice.

It spoke to you, calling your name first. You swear you could recognize that voice from somewhere… it also told you to take it slow. Easy now.

And then you felt it, dull pains flaring from many points in your body. You felt a surge in adrenaline and you tried to move, but found that your limbs felt stiff and weak. The person speaking to you laid their hands on you, gently guiding you back onto the bed. Once again, they told you to go easy on yourself, and then you recognized why you found the voice to be familiar.

It was Harvey, the doctor of Pelican Town. If he was trying to keep you in bed and you felt weak and the last thing you remember was being attacked by a horde of monsters, then…

You opened your eyes and instantly closed them again when your eyes were overwhelmed by the brightness of the LED lights that hung from the ceiling.

Yep, no denying it now, you were in the clinic.

You found your throat was a bit hoarse too, but at least you could still speak. “H-Harvey…? What… What happened?”

“Someone found you battered and unconscious,” Harvey spoke, “I had to perform emergency surgery on you!”

Surgery?! That… explains why you felt so run down. Your injuries must've been really serious if they required that level of intervention.

You turned your head so the lights wouldn't attack your eyes the moment you opened them again. Your eyelids rose and you saw stitches across your arms, as well as several bruises scattered around. Wow, you were beat up bad.

You couldn't see your legs, but they sure as hell felt painful too. Come to think of it, they felt worse than when you had been down there… those damn monsters must've kept attacking you even while you were unconscious. That sounded VERY likely… good Yoba, you could've died…

“Please be more careful next time,” Harvey said, “I’ll leave you to keep recovering. At least you’re stable now, but that was a BIG scare.”

You bet it was! But hold on, Harvey said someone had found you… who the hell could've been in the skull caverns that day too?! You had NEVER heard of anyone venturing down those cursed mines, at least no person currently alive!

You were about to ask Harvey who had found you and, presumably, carried you all the way to the clinic, but by the time your thoughts were clear enough to be voiced, the doctor was gone.

‘Well, screw me and my question’, you thought dimly. You closed your eyes again and focused on the sensations in your body. You're not too sure why, you KNEW it was all pain, but it's not like you had much better to do when you lay weakly on a bed like this.

You lifted your arm up slowly and felt around your forehead, feeling the patch that had been placed there. You traced your fingers across your stitched wounds. You pressed softly on your throbbing bruises. You passed a hand over your pulsing midsection, noticing…

‘I have to pee’, you thought suddenly.

Your bladder felt irritable and upset, making you remember that last blow. You even remembered leaking, but after that, everything just went dark…

You… supposed it would've been really easy for you to completely piss your pants after going unconscious, but apparently that had not happened. ‘Well, that's a relief!... Wait, it's actually not.’

Sure, knowing your clothes probably weren't soiled was nice, but if you HAD soiled them, you wouldn't be with a full bladder now. Pros and cons, eh?

Where were your clothes though? You were wearing a hospital gown right now. You paled at the mental image of getting undressed while passed out, but you tried to get all those bad thoughts out of your head immediately. Having a change of clothes was common in healthcare, especially when it came to big procedures like surgeries. Feeling around a bit more, you noticed that the underwear you put on earlier in the day was STILL on you, small damp spot and all. So you HADN'T been totally naked at any point! You sighed, your nerves fading pretty quickly after finding this out.

Now the only thing you had to be anxious about was your filling organ. It had been more or less half-full before, but now… it felt pretty heavy. You pressed lightly with just the tips of your fingers, your bladder was in fact jutting out slightly, hard to the touch.

You groaned and stopped pressing. It wasn't doing you any good. The only things allowed to press now were your legs, against one another that is. You felt wave after wave pass through your bladder, the poor thing demanding release.

You took another deep breath and tried sitting up so you could then stand up and walk to the bathroom, but when you were halfway done with just the sitting up part, you felt a re-dampening of your underwear. A second leak.

You fell back on the bed and squeezed your crotch for a few seconds, your lips pursed. You did not see that loss of control coming, it was so sudden… you supposed having your body in a much weakened state explained why you’d have a harder time, but it was still surprising.

You decided to try again. This time, while you were sitting up, you felt your urethra quiver, but you insisted on at least being able to sit completely. You somewhat managed to do it, but the SECOND you parted your legs so you could get out of bed, a larger leak dampened your underwear. You closed your legs again and allowed yourself to fall back on the pillow, taking small, shallow breaths as you silently begged your body not to release anymore. The urge seemed to pass and you fearfully tried sitting up again and–

Hss!

Yeah, no, you’re not doing this. A third leak was too much, any more and you were sure you’d start to stain the bed. You crossed your legs together, wincing as the bruises and stitches on them rubbed on one another, but you had to cross them and hold yourself with both hands to calm your body down.

“Oh no…” you whispered. It had become clear that with your strength totalled, you could either stay down and hold it, or get up and piss yourself. You couldn’t move and stay dry, that was too much for you to handle. Your teeth grit together as you realized that you were going to need the doc’s help for this.

Naturally, you called him. “Harveyyy?”

Your voice was also weak, so you cleared your throat and tried again, barely getting it to sound any louder. Harvey wasn’t coming.

You took a breath and got one of your hands out of your crotch. Your muscles didn’t appreciate the diminished pressure, but you hoped knocking on the wall next to your bed would alert him. So you did just that. And you did it again. And again… no response.

Where could Harvey have possibly gone to? You don’t recall hearing the door to the clinic opening and closing, so he had to be in the building still, but he didn’t hear you. You knocked harder, but that didn’t work.

Your bladder flared again and you tried to hurry in burying your hand back in there. “Mmmf…” You looked around you. There wasn’t a button to call him, and you couldn’t see any objects in your vicinity that could be used to make a bunch of noise.

You… were in a lot of trouble, weren’t you? Was waiting for Harvey to decide to come back on his own the only thing you had left to do…?

“Harvey–!” You screamed to the best of your ability, but your throat did not like that. Your scream was cut short by a small coughing fit, which prompted your pee-hole to dribble a bit more. You grit your teeth and pressed your hands as tightly as you could against your opening, until you no longer felt at a massive risk to leak again.

You sank into the bed even more, breathing heavily. So much for a ‘best luck day’... here you were, at fate’s mercy, not knowing if you’ll be able to relieve yourself somewhere appropriate or if you’ll end up soaking your clothes and the sheets.

As usual, you supposed the only thing you could do was… your best. Literally, you were going to try your best to wait. It’s not like this is an uncommon occurrence for you, so you took a few more breaths in an attempt to calm down. You would not cry defeat until you literally lost all control of your body.

So you waited. You checked the clock on the wall, which read 4:30 PM. You had a vague idea that it was sometime past noon when you passed out in the skull cavern, so it had been, at MOST, maybe three or so hours since you lost consciousness. You remembered thinking that your bladder was already half full by then, so it made sense that it would’ve filled up even more if it truly had been that long.

‘Gah, why am I thinking about pee so much?!’, you realized. This was so silly of you, overthinking the speed at which your bladder filled up was only gonna make this worse! You had to distract yourself with something else. ‘Uhh, let’s see… The clock looks kinda nice… These lights are too bright, why… This room is so empty, but that makes sense, it’s meant to be a recovery room… There’s a trash can over there, though… It doesn’t look very full, I could pee IN it. If only it was clos– Ah, dammit!’

Try as you might, almost all thoughts led back to your need eventually. You couldn't help it, you were just… so full. And your body was barely willing to stand any more physical efforts. You thought for a moment that if it wasn't for your desperation, you could be napping right now.

You just groaned inwards and squeezed your crotch again. Just be patient…

But you were pretty impatient. How could you not be, when you felt like you were about to piss your pants? You hoped Harvey would check up on you soon. That's something he has to do as a doctor, right? Your injuries were pretty bad, surely he’ll need to pay you a visit every once in a while to make sure you’re still okay, right?

And yet, he took a whole hour to come back to you. In that time you had gotten too desperate to think of anything else at all. You did not dare to unglue your hands from your groin, you did not dare to move on your own, unless it was to squirm as if you were trying to escape your own body. Your legs could be seen crossing tightly beneath the thin sheets and your skin glistened with sweat from the effort of holding back your massive load of piss.

Harvey needn’t be told what was the matter, it was as clear as day. He first apologized for not checking up on you in the past hour, there were lots of papers he was trying to sort through and he assumed you were probably resting through most of this time anyway. You shook your head miserably. “I need to go SO bad…”

“I’m sorry,” he said, “Do you think you can stand up and walk? Don’t worry, I’ll help you.”

You shook your head again. “I tried, but…” Your blood rushed to your cheeks. “But everytime I moved too much, I… I…”

“Were you in pain? Did you get too dizzy?”

“N-No, I’d… I’d pee… j-just a little, though!”

“Ah…” he cleared his throat. “That's fine, I could get you something to relieve yourself into, so you won’t have to get out of bed.”

Ohh, that sounded so good, yes, you needed a toilet to be BROUGHT to you, and fast! Your holding muscles were going numb, you could feel your control on them slowly slipping away… at least you’ll be peeing soon, right? You made it. Thank Yoba, you made it!

Harvey came back very shortly after with a metallic basin and he set it aside on your bed so he could better help you sit up. You took one hand out from between your legs so he could better grasp you. Another leak, the first after a long time, escaped you as you also made some effort in changing your position. Right after it, you could feel a lone drop beginning to form right at the end of your pee-hole, adding the smallest warmth to your poor underwear.

Speaking of underwear, you had to free yourself of it. And Harvey… was still here…

Suddenly your holding muscles weren't so weak anymore.

“It will be easier if you scoot forward a bit more,” Harvey said, gently guiding your now upright body to be almost standing. A bit of your bottom was still technically sitting on the bed, but most of it was hanging off the bed. You could see how this position would make peeing less messy, but… your shyness started to act up.

Your legs began to tremble and you weren't sure if it was because of exhaustion, pain, desperation or shame. Likely a combination of all.

The doctor grabbed the basin again and placed it under you. “Alright, ready when you are.”

You didn't feel ready. Or well, you kind of did, you WANTED to pee, but your chest tightened with nerves at the idea that he’d watch you do it!

‘He’s a doctor, for Yoba’s sake, he is TRAINED to deal with this type of stuff.’

But reason wasn't enough to get you to go.

You inhaled a shaky breath, trying not to whimper. “Harvey…?”

“Are you okay?”

“I… I’m sorry. I know, uhm–” You hissed in a pained breath as a harsh throb assailed your bladder. “I’m having trouble… g-going…”

Harvey's eyes filled with concern. “How much trouble? Can you not let go at all?”

Your hands at your sides balled into nervous fists. You couldn't look Harvey in the eye. “I’m… I have a shy bladder. Paruresis. Y-You’ve heard of that term before, right?”

“I have,” the doc replied. “Extreme cases often require catheterization. Do you… think that's what you need?”

Your eyes widened and you shook your head so hard you got dizzy. “No! N-No, I… I just… I need privacy. I don't like wh-when people are, uhm, close. But if I could just… relax, then I– I should be able to–”

You writhed in place, eyes pinching shut and going wet with slowly forming tears as your body kept demanding to know what was the damn hold up, which frustrated you massively. You wished you could ask that same question TO your body and its ridiculous habit of refusing relief when it was most needed.

Harvey calling your name got you out of your thoughts. “You can relax here. I’m a doctor, I won't feel grossed out or inconvenienced by you. Taking care of you IS my job.”

He was trying to sound so caring and you felt warm by that. Still, your bladder somehow wasn't convinced yet. You started to think that there was only one way for you to pee, which made you feel bad for the doc, but… if he really had YOUR well-being at the front of his mind, then surely he’d understand, right?

“I know,” you said in response. “And I AM sorry for… not being able to relax. Uhm…” You blinked repeatedly and took in an uncomfortable breath, preparing yourself for the question. “I think I know what to do? But… I think… I think I can only go if you, uh, w-wait... in the other room. I-Is that okay?”

Harvey, against your expectations, smiled. “Of course. Do you think you can handle it?” He asked, already handing you the basin.

You timidly nodded, taking the basin and keeping it below you like he had. With some breathing and calming thoughts, you should be able to start going eventually. Another drop seeped out of you as Harvey was leaving, letting you know that peeing would, in fact, be possible very soon.

You tried not to stress over the angry pangs of need that reverberated in your bloated organ, it would do you no good to focus on the bad. You tried focusing on the things that you knew would bring relief more easily, like how no one was watching you anymore, how you didn't have anything to fear, that you had managed to keep the bed dry and wouldn't be in trouble…

A weak stream emerged from your pee-hole and you slowly released a relieved breath. Thank goodness, you were peeing, and even though the speed at which you emptied wasn't granting you mind-numbing relief, it still felt good. Anything was better than keeping your urine in.

After a bit your stream became stronger, faster, just like you needed it to be. You started to feel all points of tension in your body dissipating, your wounds flaring with dull throbs as they, along with all other muscles, stopped being under stress. Now, the only muscles that worked hard were the ones around your bladder, contracting and squeezing, making you release more and more fluid seemingly without end. So good...

But, then you watched how your piss started to get dangerously close to filling up the basin to the brim and became nervous all over again. You could feel it in your body that whatever you had left could not be contained in this one recipient alone.

“H-Harvey?!” You croaked, hoping you were loud enough that he'd hear you. “I– I need another basin!”

“...What?”

Despite just asking ‘what’, Harvey was already, judging by the noise that started to come from the other room, looking for what you needed. He must've heard you fine the first time and was only at a bit of disbelief, wanting confirmation that you truly wanted another basin.

Still, though, you panicked and sputtered. “A-A-Another thingy, please! I– I was holding too much!”

He took little time in finding it and he soon showed up in the room, placing the new basin above the old one right as it almost overflowed. The sequence of events almost didn't register in your mind with how fast it happened. You had requested to be left alone for this, but you panicked and called Harvey and, just like that, he was in front of you, assisting you and not saying a word, just doing what had to be done.

You were kinda glad he wasn't saying anything. You knew Harvey was a bit of a worry wart and could lose his cool sometimes, but right now, if you MUST have someone watching you pee, you NEEDED it to be someone who could stay calm, for your sake. And he was doing just that.

You sighed in relief again, thought with a hint of nervousness now. Truth be told, you had tried to cut your stream while Harvey fetched the new receptacle, but your whole body was so tired that not even your anxious mind could get it to stop. As unnerving as it was to now have Harvey this close to you while you peed, you supposed you had to be glad your body was acting similarly to when you had an accident, unable to clamp back up. This REALLY had been a close call...

In the next few moments your stream turned into a trickle, the trickle into errant drops, and finally you were dry. Doctor Harvey looked at the two basins, shocked that you had filled one and a half of those things. He took the one you were holding, it was so full that it posed a risk of spilling over if Harvey wasn't hyper careful with his movements. He cautiously poured some of the urine from basin n°1 into basin n°2 to minimize the chance of spillage.

“I’ll… go dispose of this,” he said, leaving for the bathroom. You couldn't say anything to him, you were too dizzy for that. You felt dizzy, tired, but above all, you felt much better now.

You were so wonderfully empty and so amazingly relieved that you felt like you could take on another monster again, but of course, you actually couldn't. You couldn't even trust yourself to lie back down on your own without falling off the bed, so you just sat there, catching your breath, until Harvey came back.

He helped you lie down again and nervously spoke. “Sorry for the nosiness, but I must know… is it routinary for you to… erm, release that much in one go?”

Your face went a bit hot at the question, but you considered it. You had never measured how much you pissed, not by volume, not by length of time, but if you had to estimate, it was sort of similar to your average ‘made it before it got TOO bad’ type of pee. You thought for a moment that you tended to piss more than this in the occasions of accidents or ‘barely made it’ scenarios, but you didn't feel like bringing those up. You just gulped and stammered the only answer you felt comfortable giving. “Uhm, I g-guess so?”

Harvey's tone turned stern. “Those basins have a capacity of seven hundred milliliters. I did the math already, you must've been holding one liter and fifty milliliters of urine. That’s pretty excessive, especially considering you’re hurt. I’m not trying to judge, but I advise you to take more frequent bathroom breaks, for your health.” His voice and features then softened, “you must've been really uncomfortable.”

And you had been! You had a vague idea of what was considered ‘normal’ for adults to hold, and a single basin was already considered to be the absolute maximum by some sources. ‘Well,’ you began to think, ‘I guess this means humans can’t be so easily placed within ranges of numbers like that.’

But still, you were impressed with yourself for holding fifty percent more than the ‘maximum’, after having sustained all these injuries no less! That had to mean you were strong, right?

“Is there something else you need?”

You shook your head. Taking a leak had been the only thing you needed. Now ALL you wanted to do was take that nap that your full bladder had kept you away from.

Harvey smiled. “Understood. I apologize again for not having checked on you sooner. I’ll come back more often now in case you need anything else. Remember, I’m here to help you. You deserve the care.”

And so he left the recovery room, leaving you in complete solitude, in utter peace. You brought the blanket up to your shoulders and closed your eyes. Maybe you didn't get to floor 100, but at least you didn't flood everything around you, and that, you thought, was a good enough win for the day.

*005*2024-06-26 21:39

Chapter 4 - CalamiTea

(VERY small mention of 1.6 content, though it's not spoilery at all)

You scratched your head, eyes trying to open. It was 6 AM and your body woke up out of pure habit. To be frank, your bed this morning felt so unbelievably cozy that you didn’t want to get up. You sat in bed, as if deciding what you would do. That is, until your eyes focused enough to see the row of tea bushes that lay by your wall.

You became more awake and jumped out of bed to check your calendar. It was Caroline’s birthday today! Some time ago you had become good enough friends with her that she let you in her sunroom and shared with you the recipe to make tea saplings. After you got home that day, you immediately made some and planted them in garden pots. Just like she told you, the bushes produced fresh tea leaves for the entire last week of the season, which had been fall.

It was now winter. It had been a full week since you collected the last of the tea bushes’ produce and you had just been storing it this whole time, waiting for the chance to brew it. Well, maybe today was a good chance to get to that. You felt excited at the idea of surprising Caroline with a large insulated bottle full of the energizing beverage, she was sure to love it!

You quickly dressed up and looked through your chests for the leaves. Once you found them, you went outside and walked to where your kegs were. They were done processing their wine, which gave you room to brew the tea. Caroline said at that time that tea leaves only need little processing to become tea, which was all the better, because that way you could potentially go to her house with the beverage in hand before noon.

You began to process all the leaves you had and then you returned home to grab fruit for yet more wine. In the time it took you to place all the fruit in kegs, the tea was done. Wow, now that’s what you call fast! You collected every last ounce and went back inside to give it a taste.

You drank up and you swallowed… the flavor that coated your throat and warmed up your chest might as well have been a direct blessing from Yoba itself. You hummed in sheer delight, this was so, so good! Caroline’s tea didn’t disappoint, and neither did yours! You drank up the rest of it and had to get a new cup. The total amount of tea you brewed ended up being quite abundant, so you could drink a lot of cups at home if you so pleased, and you’d still have a lot to bring to Caroline’s.

This tea was perfect for the season. You were glad you decided to wait until now to make it.

You decided the two cups you had drunk were enough for now, and that maybe you should check other stuff in your farm to make sure everything was in order before heading to the local store.

After an hour, you were ready to leave. Your animals were doing well, your greenhouse didn’t have much to offer, the fences looked alright and you collected some pine tar from your tappers. As to be expected of a winter day, not much was going on. You shrugged with a smile. If this wasn’t a signal that you didn’t need to stay at your farm any longer, then you didn’t know what it was.

You hopped on your loyal horse with the large insulating bottle in hand and headed to the shop. It didn’t take very long to arrive. You left your equid by the side of the shop and stepped inside. Pierre greeted you enthusiastically and you politely greeted him back. You asked where Caroline was, to which he said she was in their room. You went there and knocked. Least to say she was pleasantly surprised when she saw you standing on the other side of the door.

“Hey, Caroline?” You piqued her attention. “Can we go to your sunroom? There’s something I want to show you.”

She hummed in intrigue, but accepted to go with you. Once there, you showed her the insulated bottle. “Happy birthday! It’s green tea!”

“Is it?” She asked with a fascinated spark in her eyes. “Hold on, let me get the cups right away!”

She excused herself to the kitchen and came back in less than a half a minute, smiling widely the whole time. You were already seated by a tea table she had placed in the center, close to her tea bush. You opened the bottle and served the drink to the both of you. Caroline clasped her hands and gasped in delight. “Let’s see what the green tea grown on your farm tastes like!”

You both took a gulp of it at the same time. You waited for her reaction, and apparently she liked it so much that a giggle escaped her. “Oh, this is incredible! I’m… I’m speechless.”

You grinned at her. You couldn’t have been any more glad that she liked it so much. She finished her cup before you could, and she served herself some more, she couldn’t help it. You laughed, since you had done that exact same thing at home.

“Oh, this is so good!” She continued to say. “I would’ve loved to have a warm cup of tea like this a week ago. It would’ve done wonders to my cold.”

“Oh, you had a cold?” You asked her.

“Yes, but I’m feeling much better now. Don’t worry, I shouldn’t be able to get you sick too.”

You smiled at her while you sipped the last drops from your cup. Anyhow, since you had made this tea for Caroline, you supposed that once you drank your cup, you could just go home. You still had green tea there, if you felt in the mood for more. However, as you were standing up to leave...

“Hey, where are you going?” She waved her hand up and down at you. “You can stay! We can keep drinking and chatting, if you’re not busy.”

You weren’t busy… and the offer didn’t sound bad. If you came to celebrate her birthday, then it would be nice to spend a little while longer with her. Thinking about it, the sunroom felt really nice, if you left, you’d have to go back into the cold, bitter wind. You decided to do as she said and sat down again, taking off your outer top layer in the process.

Spending time with Caroline was really fun. You two spoke about so many things. The time you’ve lived in the valley, the lives you two were leading, you shared gardening tips, you talked about books and TV, and a whole array of topics. Time flew by! And throughout it all, you accepted each new pouring of green tea into your cup. This beverage was seriously amazing. You felt like you could take on the day after consuming it! It was like… like it passed through your body fast, leaving a trail of pure energy behind it.

Speaking of it passing through your body fast… you felt a throb in your bladder. Just one, and it was mild, but you suddenly became aware of where all that green tea was going, to the one and only place it could possibly go. But Caroline was in the middle of telling you a very funny story when you felt that throb, and it would be so impolite to interrupt her, so you didn’t say anything and continued to listen. You forgot about your need after a bit, so it was fine.

“Anyway, enough talking about me,” she said in between giggles. “Tell me how your day’s been.”

You set your cup down and smacked your lips. A single laugh escaped you as you were still amused by the story she had just finished telling. “Well, today was uneventful, for most of it. I remembered it was your birthday by pure chance, so I thought to brew some tea leaves I harvested two weeks ago! You know, for being a bush that only gives produce for seven days a season, it sure is worth it! Thank you so much for teaching me how to grow them.”

“Thank YOU for even considering growing them! This little guy here can’t produce in winter,” she said, flicking the leaves of her tea bush. “Even though I’ve read that they can grow more leaves in this season if you keep them in a warm enough place. Maybe my sunroom isn’t insulated enough?”

“Maybe.” You said, gulping down the last bit of this cup. It had to be your third since getting here, if you had to guess. “Though it’s not cold here. At least I don’t feel cold, but who knows? I’m still new at this whole tea thing, I can’t know if my own bushes may grow leaves in winter. I do have them inside, so we’ll see.”

“Keep me updated,” she winked. Then she grabbed the insulated bottle again, holding it slightly inclined above your cup. “More tea?”

When she said that, you felt your bladder throb again. You almost winced at the sensation, but on the outside you remained looking calm and happy. Still, this was a sign that you really should cut it with the drinks. Counting the cups you had at home, you had drunk five cups of tea in total. It wasn’t a small amount by any means when you thought about it.

You politely declined and she set the bottle down. You two continued to talk and now that you were aware of how your bladder was filling up, you couldn’t completely get it out of your mind. You shifted your sitting position to make your legs more comfortable, getting surprised at how your need to pee shot up from just making that movement. You hadn’t leaked, but golly, did you feel close! With discretion, you placed your hands right in front of your crotch. Caroline couldn’t see, because of the table, and your hands weren’t tightly jammed against you either, they were mostly just there for a bit of pressure. Your position could easily pass as a casual way to sit.

She glanced at the table and hummed in thought. “Hey… the tea was amazing, but you know what would’ve made it better? Some cookies! Hold on, let me get some.”

Seems like she still wants to extend your little breakfast together… well, you couldn’t find it in your heart to tell her no, so you waited, giving your crotch a bit of a squeeze with your hands. Just a little squeeze, to keep things in check. But then you heard a different voice come into the shop.

“Happy birthday, Caroline!”

“Mayor Lewis! Hello!”

Lewis? He was here? Well, that wasn’t abnormal, he tended to visit every place in town every so often to collect taxes and stay in touch with how the businesses were doing. You were glad to hear he had brought her a gift too, that was pretty sweet of him.

“You seem to be over that cold already!”

“Yes, I am better now. Please come, we’re having a nice tea party in here!”

“We?”

Caroline opened the door and you saw Lewis. He smiled upon seeing you and gave you a warm hello. You greeted him back, straining yourself a little to look more casual. You saw him carrying a bright pink summer spangle, one of Caroline’s favorites. She told him to leave it next to the flower bed where she cultivated those flowers in the same color, so she could remember to plant it down with the rest later.

Caroline told Lewis about how you were the one to brew green tea, which you learned in that moment was also a drink Lewis loved above the rest. So that’s why she was setting up a third cup on the table now, along with a pack of cookies. He asked if it was true that the tea came from your farm and you nodded. He smiled and took the bottle. Since he had just arrived, he poured everyone a cup out of courtesy, not knowing you wanted to refrain from drinking more. You opened your mouth to say “no, thank you”, but you weren’t fast enough, your cup was already being filled up to the brim again. You just looked at how the waves rippled through the surface of the tea. Would you end up drinking this too? You had no idea. Its glorious aroma was already reaching your nostrils and it made you crave it. Oooh well, maybe one more cup won’t be the end of the world… you could always make up an excuse to leave if it got too bad.

Now it was the three of you in the sunroom. Now it was six cups being filtered by your system and being deposited in the only organ that could handle this load. You engaged in the conversations as much as you could, even taking a bite out of a cookie to appear like you were enjoying yourself, but deep down, you were starting to get really concerned. It was crazy how fast this beverage went through your system! How could you need to pee this badly already, when the last time you emptied yourself was only… only…

You realized you hadn’t had your morning pee. It was 12:30 PM, you had been drinking tea with Caroline for almost three hours and you hadn’t gone to the bathroom since last night! How did you manage to stay this long without relieving yourself?! To be honest, six cups did sound like enough to have any person squirming, but you also had a full eight hours of sleep in which your kidneys still produced urine, still filled out your bladder progressively.

You bit your lip and bounced your knee, grateful that Lewis and Caroline were too deep in their own conversation now to notice you. Now that you had made these calculations, that you knew how much your poor bladder was really holding, your need to pee had gotten a lot worse. It was like your bladder was telling you “told you so! We need to go!” whenever it cramped.

You really tried to focus back on what the other two were talking about so you could comment on it, but the reality was that you had really zoned out and couldn’t pay full attention from that point forward, because every so often your sphincter would quiver in such a way that you had to gather all your energy into not letting go.

Eventually, Lewis stood up and so did Caroline. You didn’t dare stand up, not right now that a spasm was hitting your poor midsection. You barely heard them talk about lunch, how it was time to go eat. Okay, maybe this is your chance to leave. You just have to get yourself under control again so you can–

“By the way, would you like to have lunch with us?” Caroline asked, standing under the door frame.

“H-huh?”

“It’ll be 1 PM soon! I need to start cooking for us all. We still have rice from yesterday, so how about a stir fry?”

Your body got more jittery as it started to realize that relief time would still be a long way to come. You tried to keep the bouncing of your legs as discreet as you could, praying the table was doing its job. “Won’t I… w-won’t I bother you, though?”

“Not at all!” Said Caroline. “Feel free to stay in the sunroom and relax. You're... looking kind of antsy all of a sudden." Her smile got gentler. "I assure you, we don't mind having visitors."

And with that she left. She closed the door behind her so you could have extra privacy. And boy, were you gonna need it, because the urge was becoming so intense that you could no longer reliably hold it with just a bit of bouncing and a small aid from your hands. You had to fan your legs open and closed and shove your fists tightly against yourself, you had to stop smiling gently to appear to be fine and you had to allow yourself to squeeze your eyes closed and grit your teeth, all of this just so you could be in relative control.

But even then, with all these measures taken, your muscles were starting to give out. It was just… too much! There was too much pee inside you! Your bladder felt like a heavy ball that sloshed with each breath you took. You swallowed down a groan when you felt your underwear become damp and warm. You shoved your hands a bit deeper and that seemed to stop the leak, but you could barely tell by feeling alone. Your area down there was so exhausted that it had gone a bit numb. Your pee sometimes escaped you in small amounts and you couldn’t even feel it exit your body. It sure as hell wasn’t bringing you any relief either.

You opened your eyes and blinked the tears away. You looked down to examine your clothes, but what you saw instead shocked you even more. You stared at your abdomen. It looked swollen. Your pants’ waistband was pressing down on what was clearly your bladder bulging. You lowered the waistband until it was right above your pubic area, knowing this should grant you at least a smidge of relief, but this action caused your knuckles to brush against your painfully bloated organ.

You spurted a bit more and you whimpered at the heightened pain. You didn’t want it to be audible, but your body couldn’t contain the little cries at the knowledge that you couldn't escape an emptying for much longer. If your bladder was bulging out after hours of no rest, then that could only mean you didn’t have much time left, this you knew from previous experiences. You were going to piss. You were going to piss your pants and there would be no way to stop it.

You breathed as carefully as you could, wanting to avoid the mess that would unravel sooner rather than later. Eventually your bladder stopped trying to kill itself, but it still pulsated agonizingly. 'Just what am I going to do…?' You thought, filled with dread.

Caroline called over the family for lunch and you joined. It was too late to attempt to head home now. You were completely silent as you ate, while the other three chatted happily, not aware at all of just how much you were suffering. At least the stir fry was good, and it was a good portion, not too big, not too small. A glass of water had also been placed in front of your plate so you could wash down the food. You refused to even look at it.

Just like before, you took advantage of being seated under a table to grab yourself and squirm in just about any way that could help you as long as it was from the waist down. But trying to keep your upper half immobile while your lower half fidgeted and twitched and spasmed was the most uncomfortable thing you could’ve been put through, it was making your lower back ache.

Pierre wiped his mouth with a napkin and took a big sip of his glass, setting it down on the table with a light thud. He sighed, satisfied, but you just shuddered. “Thanks for the meal, honey! Now, if you excuse me, I must return to the storefront right away.”

Caroline also stood up and began to pile the empty plates one on top of the other. Good, you may have a chance to ask where the bathroom is since everyone’s getting up. You HAD to use the bathroom here, somehow, or you’ll seriously wet yourself on the way back home. “Okay, Pierre. Abigail, will you help me with the dishes?”

Abigail huffed in annoyance, but she soon rectified herself. She didn’t want to seem rude. “Uhm, sorry, mom, but I wanted to take a shower right now.”

‘What?! No way…’

“Right now?”

“Yeah, I want to go to the Cindersap Forest!”

“Abby, you go there every week. Do you not get tired of being in the middle of nowhere?”

Abigail rolled her eyes, trying to keep the annoyance in her voice low. “It’s not the middle of nowhere, mom. Come on, it’s not like I go there to do any bad stuff! I just– like being among the trees.” She finished, as if hesitating to be honest about why she liked going there.

But Caroline didn’t press any further. She sighed, trying to stay positive about it. “Alright, Abby, you can leave.” Then she turned around and called your name. “Will you be going home now?”

You were frozen, you didn’t know what to do. You felt like you were finally ready to get over your shyness and excuse yourself to the toilet, but someone else was going to be in the bathroom! You shuddered, another leak coming out and being contained into your hands. Gosh dammit, your bladder HURT.

“I-I’m–” you squeaked, your whole body quivering. “I’m just gonna… go… back to the sunroom…”

Caroline didn’t say anything as you slowly stood up, your thighs pressed against each other tighter than opposite magnets. She must’ve been worried for you, but since you refused to tell her what was going on, she just allowed you to return to her little sanctuary.

She started to wash the dishes and the sound of the faucet running was so tortuous that you would’ve felt less bad listening to the screams of people in hell. You didn’t dare to sit down, you knew that would send your bladder right to its death, but you also had a hard time standing up, your legs were so weak. Your back ached. Your sphincter was numb and tired. Your bladder was literally bulging to show the world how reckless you have been with yourself!

Your eyes formed tears from everything that was going on, and the tears soon fell. Your vision was completely blurry, and you could only wobble in place with both hands trying to provide a barrier to keep the dam from breaking.

But the pressure was just… insurmountable. HOW were you still holding?! You knew from deep within your core that you should’ve burst a while ago! And yet here you were, still fighting a battle you had already lost. If you weren’t so damn bladder shy, you could’ve stood up and gone to the bathroom, and you would be OKAY now, but no. No, life couldn’t be so simple for you. Now you couldn’t even use the bathroom even if you wanted to, because Abigail was showering. You didn’t know if that meant the door was locked or not, but you were a guest in this house, you could not barge in while someone was showering! That would get you banned from the store!

You picked up on how the faucet was no longer spraying out water, but this hardly did anything to soothe your urge. Caroline came back and she immediately noticed how wet your eyes were. “Are you okay?” She called out gently. “Why are you crying?”

You couldn’t speak. Speaking was too much for you right now. Everything in your body was focused on the one and only objective of containing your pee. Your mouth trembled, you just wanted to say what was wrong.

Caroline eyed you up and down. Your body cues were obvious, there was no way anyone could mistake this for anything else. At least she could guess for you. “...You need the restroom, don’t you?”

A very pained whine came from the back of your throat and you nodded fervently. Oh, she had NO idea how badly you needed it.

“Uhm, okay! Well… oh gosh, I would tell you to just use ours, but Abigail is using it, and she has this habit of taking long showers… ah, right–” She snapped back when she saw your knees shake violently and your leg get a long wet patch. You did not have any more time to spare. She concluded that you would have to use someone else’s bathroom. It was truly your only option. She crouched down to pick up your top garment and helped you to the front door of the store.

The two of you took one step outside and the winter air hit you like a train.

“Ah, ah, ahh–” you moaned desperately, feeling your groin get really warm really fast. Caroline could see the liquid coming out in such large quantities that it basically osmosed through your clothes. This told her she needed to hurry.

“Come on, let’s go to the saloon,” she encouraged, keeping hold of you by your shoulders. “Gus lets everyone use his bathroom. Just a little more…”

She tried to be supportive, but your body was failing you no matter how many words of encouragement were thrown your way. Your pee was coming out in a thin stream, but your urethra was shaking so much that it could open completely at any point now.

And it seemed like that point was now. Your urine came out with a bit more force, you were getting locked up in place. It seemed like for every spurt your bladder expulsed, you regained a smidge of your ability to think and speak. But with your bladder still being so immensely full, you could only get yourself to say one word.

You wished the earth could've opened right below you to swallow you up. In your most pitiful and weakest voice, you squeaked, with a notable stutter, Caroline's name, as if you were begging her to help you, even though she already was doing all she could.

But no help would be enough now. With a last, painful shiver, your dam completely broke down. To say your piss was blasting out of you faster than the water coming out of a firetruck’s hose would have been a fair comparison. It was simply incredible, how quickly you had turned into a high-pressure nozzle, just blasting and blasting urine as if it was your life's purpose.

Caroline tugged at you to at least get you to the side of the Stardrop Saloon, finding this spot to perhaps be the least visible spot in town, as well as the closest point you could reasonably get to. She guided you to lean with your back against the brick wall and you continued to piss fiercely, as if you could possibly do anything else. Caroline stayed close for two reasons. One, to be on the lookout for any passersby; and two, to cover you from their view, so they wouldn't know it was you, the valley’s star farmer, the one who was gushing a torrent out in public.

Your eyes rolled up involuntarily and you breathed deeply with little moans in between. At long last, your overworked piss tank could relieve itself, and every second was glorious. You were vaguely aware of how dangerous this was, peeing in a place where multiple people could see you, but you were too far gone to care at this point. How could you care about that when your brain got flooded with signals of the most blissful relief you’re ever experienced? It sent the best kind of shivers up your spine, and the warmth of your piss cascaded down your legs, making your lower half almost immune to the unforgiving cold.

As time passed, your body slowly understood it was no longer in that critical stage, and you could begin to truly wind down. This was the part where you could no longer be absorbed only in just the pleasure of going, because you’d start thinking about other stuff.

Caroline was right in front of you. Right. In front. Of you. She could see your pants failing to absorb any more fluid, letting streams of pee fall directly from your crotch onto the snow. You were pissing your heart away because you were too stupid to take a toilet break before leaving home for good measure, or too stupid to keep count of how many tea cups you drank so you could know when to stop.

Your body had gotten so lax once you started wetting, but now that some time had passed, you found yourself tensing up again. Your muscles down there were pretty much dead, and your bladder, though it had almost gone back completely into your belly, was still so utterly full that you could not stop your stream no matter what you did. But even then, you didn't try to stop. What would be the point? Your dignity was gone and your clothes were anything but dry.

You may have been pissing for almost a full minute, but it still seemed you were only halfway done. Your torrent slowed down, and it was now that the cold started to really mess you up, at least your upper half. You hadn't been able to put your sweater back on while in the store, and the whole-body shivers that had wrapped you up in warmth and pleasure weren't coming as often or as intensely anymore. You scrunched up your face as these negative sensations settled in. The cold, the shame, the sheer vulnerability, the failure…

And your pee still hissed out of you. When would it end?! You were tired of this. You just wanted to be home.

It took another forty seconds for your flood to come to a close. You were overcome with a plethora of emotions. Above all, you felt this strong need to justify yourself to Caroline. Your voice began to be wracked with sobs.

“I’m sorry…” You breathed shakily.

Caroline finally found her voice again, now that you had too. “No, it's okay.”

“I held it for so long…” You shuddered.

“I saw…” She reassured, looking down at your mess. It was so big. She awkwardly used her shoes to shove some clean snow on top of the patches that had turned a pale yellow.

“I didn't mean to– t-to have an…”

She sighed. “No. I should be the one saying sorry. I was a terrible hostess.”

That got you to open your eyes so you could look at her. Your lip still quivered. “Wh…what?”

“I should’ve paid attention. When you stopped being so talkative, I should've asked you then what was wrong. No, I should've let you know where the restroom was even if you didn't need it!”

It wasn't fair for HER to beat herself up for this. Most people are capable of just asking for the toilet when they need it. This happened only because of your… personal issues. “Caroline…” You sniffed. “It's not your fault…”

“You think so? Well…” She looked to the side for a moment, then back at you. “It’s not your fault either, okay? I… I can’t be mad at you, not after seeing how much you had in you. It must’ve hurt.”

You sniffed again, your sobs calming down. “It hurt way too much.”

Caroline reached into a pocket in her pants and gave you a few tissues, said she had them in hand from when she had been sick recently. You had almost forgotten about that. “I don’t want you to get a cold either, so please dry your hands and put this back on,” she said in reference to the outer layer you couldn’t put back on your body before leaving, because that would’ve meant taking your hands away from your crotch.

You dried your hands and discarded the tissues right away. Thank goodness there also was a trash can by the side of the Stardrop Saloon. You then received your garment and asked Caroline a question as you were putting it on and adjusting it. “No one saw me, right?”

She sighed with a little smile. “No, I looked out and everyone seems to be staying in their homes. Lucky you! Or well, as lucky as you can be…” She finished awkwardly.

You did feel better now that you had bundled up a bit more, but you were also feeling… empty. Like your body and mind couldn’t bring themselves to do much else after the sheer intensity of what you just went through. You wanted to be just like the other villagers right now, cozy and unbothered at home.

Caroline looked out in many directions. “No one’s coming. You can come out now.”

You sighed deeply to get yourself moving and you walked to your horse. You hopped on, noting that you’d have to wash the saddle later, but not before taking a much needed shower yourself. Caroline and you said your goodbyes, and you were off.

You couldn’t have been more content to finally be back at your place. For now, your plan was to take a shower, get into clean clothes, collapse on your couch or even your bed for a bit, and then get back to any other chores if you found the will to do them.

And by Yoba, you were going to stay away from that green tea in the kitchen.

