Tales of a Desperate Farmer (Stardew Valley Fanfiction)

Author: DesperateFarm

*006*2024-07-03 00:43

Chapter 5 - Groovin' Gone Wrong

This had been a pretty average, fruitful day thus far. You crafted some new items to help you around the farm, made yet more artisan goods to sell and harvested the crops that were ready, sowing seeds back into the newly available soil.

You were starting to feel like there was not much else for you to do. Literally, other than perhaps going to the bathroom, it didn't seem like you had any other obligations. So, out of boredom, you checked your journal, and you were caught by surprise by a note you had written the day before. You had a request for a herring.

You shrugged, not thinking much of it. You probably had one lying around somewhere, right? So you checked your chests, but you couldn't find any. What a hassle… you’ll have to fish one up today, if you don’t want to let this villager down.

“Eh, not that hard of a task”, you said to yourself, going to grab your fishing rod, downing some coffee to feel more energetic, and then you headed to the ocean.

It took maybe forty minutes and a few tries, but you eventually caught the fish. You smiled and stuffed it in your backpack, while at the same time drawing out your water bottle to chug some of that good stuff down. It was kind of hot for a spring day, so you were glad you had been carrying it with you.

You closed the bottle’s lid, feeling a twinge in your bladder. You didn't need to go, but you could go if you wanted to. And because of that, you didn't worry one bit. It should take just twenty minutes or so to go back to town and give the herring to the person that asked for it, and then you could be back home to do as you pleased.

And it almost seemed to go that way. The requester thanked you for giving them the herring and gave you some money for your troubles. You assured them it was nothing, but gladly took the gold anyway. And that was it, time to go home. Or that would've been it, if you hadn't stumbled upon loads of people waiting at the bus stop when you passed by.

It was then that a memory from this morning hit you. Sam had gone to your farm pretty early to tell you about the concert his band was going to perform in Zuzu City. That at around 4 PM they’d all board the bus to go there.

Everyone’s heads turned when they heard the galloping of your horse, and you got off your trusted animal to approach the people. Sam was the most excited to see you. “Oh hi, thanks for coming!” He greeted you kindly, and you greeted back.

“Hi, Sam, hey, everyone!” You said to also acknowledge the other people present, like the fellow band members, Abigail and Sebastian. They also said ‘hi’ to you in their own way.

“I… had almost forgotten your show was gonna be at this time.” You admitted bashfully. “I’m sorry.”

Sam’s smile didn't falter. “Don’t be, at least you’re here now.” He gave the back of the bus a momentary glance. “Well, our gear is loaded already… looks like everything’s set.”

You could feel the energy exuding out of him. It was like he had been waiting his whole life for this moment.

“Alright, everyone… let’s get in the bus!”

First, it was his fellow musicians that got on, and everyone else soon followed. Sam was the last to get on board, since he wanted to make sure they were absolutely leaving nothing or no one behind. Once he was satisfied with that, he went on to sit down next to you, since you were alone.

It had been only recently that you had become this close to Sam. You two had built up your friendship slowly, it was almost crazy to think that here you were now, on a bus with him to attend his first concert.

“Man, I’m so pumped for this!” He said, his bouncing on the seat certainly confirmed that. “After so long, we’ve finally reached the final step to becoming a true band!”

“Final step?” You questioned him. “This is your FIRST concert, Sam. I’d hardly call that the end to your musical career.”

“I meant that more like… I guess, our final step in aspiring to be a band?” He corrected himself with an awkward grin. “The first step was getting Abigail and Sebastian to agree to this. Then we had to choose a genre. By the way, I’m still grateful for your help then! And after that it was a whole lot of practice, composing and managing with event planners in Zuzu to get this opportunity. I… I’m happy we will no longer be the type of band that fades to obscurity before we can even take off.”

‘Okay, now that makes more sense’, you thought. You smiled back at him and soon enough the two of you engaged in all other types of conversation, though it all ended up going back to music.

All the talking made your throat feel dry, so you kept sipping from your water bottle every now and then. It's not like there was much else to do on the bus… you kind of wished you had a snack too. Speaking of water, you felt a signal from your bladder again. The coffee must've gotten there by now, and the water was joining it. You had been so surprised to find yourself almost late to catch the bus that you had completely forgotten about the need in your middle. You tried looking around the bus to see if it had a toilet station, but you couldn't see if there was one or not. When Sam asked you what you were searching for, you said it was nothing and pretended nothing bothered you.

And for now maybe that was correct. You weren't dying to piss, though you wished you wouldn't have to get to that point. You didn't really know where the concert would take place, whether it was going to be inside or outside, but there had to be bathrooms somewhere. You’ll be fine.

One annoying thing though was how long the trip was gonna take. Stardew Valley is known, among many things, for being quite remote. Getting from one place to the other EASILY took a minimum of two hours, give or take, and with how big Zuzu City is, it could take longer than that to reach the specific place where the concert would happen.

You felt tempted to ask Sam where in Zuzu were they going to play, but you ultimately decided against it, afraid that he’d naturally ask the question “why?”. You didn't want to admit you were starting to need the toilet when you were probably still under halfway through the journey.

So you kept talking with Sam about random stuff, and sometimes he’d talk with Abby and Seb, who were sitting on the opposite side of the bus. Whenever that happened, you distracted yourself by looking through the window and getting lost in the landscapes. It was all as green as your eyes could see and it brought back memories of your first time arriving at Stardew. You really looked back fondly to that bus ride, as it was your first time truly venturing into the unknown, ready to take on a completely new way of life.

Then at last, after what had probably been nearly three hours of travel, Sam made an announcement. “Okay, everyone, as you can tell by the bus slowing down, we’ve arrived! Please wait for us to get down so we can show you where our concert will be held.”

Oh great news, the bus trip was very close to over! You smiled, even if he wasn't looking, as you bounced your leg. You gripped the edge of your seat a bit anxiously as you watched the other people leave, wanting to get out soon too so you could start looking for a bathroom. But you wouldn't storm off after Sam made the request for people to wait, so you didn't unboard until most people had, and once you were back on the ground, you just stood there, bouncing very discreetly to reassure your body you hadn't forgotten about it and its needs.

You noted that it was slightly hotter here than in Stardew Valley. You supposed it was to be expected, with Zuzu having fewer trees to clear the air and provide shadow. Sam led everyone to a small outside area in front of a stage, saying that this would be where they’d have their debut. It was a pretty small stage, with just enough space for the band of three to comfortably be there with their instruments, but you supposed it was decent enough for first timers. Everyone stayed in the area while Sam and his friends returned to the bus to take their gear out. It was in that small time frame that a vendor approached the tiny crowd with cold drinks, 45g a pop.

With how hot the day was, you couldn't help yourself to a nice, cold soda. The vendor thanked you for your purchase and you felt a small desire to ask him if he knew where the facilities were, but of course, your shyness prevented you from asking.

Though as you saw him leave, you noticed that he was heading to a larger space where you could barely see other stages, with more people waiting for different bands to play. So this little corner you were in was that, a small corner far removed from a larger field where there were likely hundreds of spectators, some waiting for their beloved band to play, some already enjoying the performance of their favorite musicians.

It made sense, when you thought about it, for the stages to be separated like this. That way, multiple bands could play at the same time and their songs wouldn't clash with one another.

So you sipped on your cold drink, reasoning that there had to be some portable restrooms in that wider field. Maybe you could try heading there and find the restrooms yourself while Sam, Sebastian and Abigail kept preparing. It seemed like they were gonna take a while.

You walked out into the open space, taking sips of your drink regularly. You could feel your organ below churning at the added fluids, but it was still within your control, and despite it, you were glad you bought the soda when you did. It was doing a better job than your water at lowering your temperature.

You looked everywhere, scanning the place from left to right, but you couldn't see any sign of a portaloo or outhouse. You hadn't ventured that far ahead, so maybe you would have to walk a little further in. Feeling a bit of anxiety creeping up, you walked forward, noticing that all places in your plane of vision started looking the same. This was… a really large open space, and the stages were positioned in such a way that it became kinda hard to orient yourself. You looked behind you. You could still find your way back to the stage you were meant to be in, though you couldn't see it anymore. You worried that if you did find the facilities, once you got out of them, you would struggle greatly with making your way back.

Normally, these stages had names or numbers to identify them, but you had forgotten to check what the name or number was for yours. A small, but still deeply inconvenient mistake. You looked ahead and behind, wondering what you should do. Your bladder certainly was telling you to keep searching for the portaloos, but you did not want to get lost… how would you explain that to Sam later? Yeah, I missed your debut because of piss. Sorry.

You cringed at the prospect. You couldn't do your friend dirty like this. So, having to concentrate your willpower to your pelvic muscles, you headed back. You were maybe seventy percent full? Maybe more… it was very uncomfortable, but you knew from past experiences that you could hold a large amount of pee in you, and you reasoned that you should be able to hold it throughout the concert, since your liquid intake in the past hours had been more or less average.

Still, your bladder was not happy with you. You tried to ignore it, but it wasn't easy. It sent off a wave of constant pulses that made you caress it to make the feeling less intense.

Right as you returned to your designated stage, the band was setting up Abby’s drum set. They were, of course, not popular or wealthy enough to hire a team to do all the set up for them, so they had to do it themselves. They still needed to set up the keyboard and the electric guitar… those were smaller, but still.

Your thighs trembled slightly, so you pressed them together. So little time had passed since you reassured yourself that you could hold it, but you were now getting concerned that you would fill up too much, too soon. You then remembered that you hadn't found out if the bus had a bathroom and, for a bit, you saw hope.

You approached the group of three as they were making a trip back to the bus.

“Hey,” Sam greeted you cheerfully, “sorry we can't talk much right now. We’re busy setting up.”

“Ah, no worries,” you smiled, “I just wanted to accompany you back to the bus. I… think I left something there.”

“Oh, cool, go get it. Tell the driver to let you in.”

You nodded and did just that once you were there. The driver nonchalantly opened the doors for you and you stepped inside. With a small, restless shuffling of your feet, you walked through the length of the bus, constantly glancing left and right so you wouldn't miss a thing.

You were greatly disappointed to find it did not have a toilet. You sighed through your nose and bit back a whine, shuffling a bit more noticeably now. Your bladder was just as hopeful as you were that you would soon empty it out, so when it realized this would not be the case, it sent stronger signals of need, like a punishment. You crossed your legs and tightened your sphincter as much as you could, until the waves finally wore off.

This was… not painting good for you. But what else could you do at this point? You could still hold it, you knew you could. Besides, how long could Sam’s concert be, anyway? They probably had only a few songs, they were still brand new. That thought calmed you down, so you went back outside, just as the group was heading back to their stage with Sebastian’s keyboard and an amplifier for Sam’s guitar.

“Found what you were looking for?” Sam asked you when he saw you.

You gave him an awkward smile. “Uh, turns out I hadn't left anything behind. It had… been in my backpack all along, heh…”

He laughed a bit too, “well, that's good. We’re almost done unloading. I hope the others haven’t gotten too bored yet…”

“They haven't, at least I don't think so. We’re all just excited to see a local band make it out into the world.”

That made Sam happy, you could tell. He practically beamed at you, and Abby smiled at your comment too. Sebastian was… well, he didn't always need to smile to show he was happy, but that was fine.

“Thanks, really. Sometimes a little reminder of why you're doing this does great things for your motivation,” the blonde one said. You simply grinned back at him.

They went back to fully focusing on transporting the gear, so you, tagging behind them, gave your bladder a soothing caress again. You could feel yourself getting close to that point where crotch grabbing becomes necessary, and all you could do about it was wait, wait and feign to be fine for as long as you could.

You released an uncomfortable breath, your walking becoming a bit awkward with how tight your legs had to stay together so your body wouldn't feel like leaking. At least you had made it back to your spot. It should all be simple from here. Stay, watch the concert, then look for bathrooms again. There was no way you could mess this up.

Sam ran back on his own to fetch his guitar while his friends opened up the keyboard on stage. He didn't take long to come back, carrying the case on his back. You were sure you saw him running back with a radiant smile on his face, the same smile he’d basically had all day, but the closer he got, the more his face changed to one of anxiety. To one of nerves.

You didn't fault him one bit. This WAS a turning point in his musical career, some anxiety was perfectly natural. He must've seen your sympathetic face as he passed by, because he stopped to speak to you, though not without gulping first. “I’m starting to get really nervous…”

You were seriously nervous too, but he didn't have to know your reasons why. “Yeah?”

He nodded. “But well, here we are…” he took in a good breath and exhaled through his nose. He shook himself off and forced a smile back onto his lips. The show must go on, as they say. “Wish me luck!”

“Good luck, Sam!” You gave him two thumbs up and he hurried back to his band. You saw his mother and brother wish him luck too when he passed by them, and he seemed just as grateful for their support as he had been for yours.

If only someone could wish you luck too in containing your flood. Obviously you didn't ACTUALLY want someone to wish you luck in that regard, that would be embarrassing, but the sentiment was there. You could feel your intake of water and soda joining the party below, and you could only sway your hips and control your breathing.

You had to be strong. The guys must be close to ready. It shouldn't be much longer till they’re all set to play.

But since you had never been part of a band, you miscalculated how long it would take them to actually start. They had to make sure the guitar was connected to the amplifier, they had to confirm with one another the order in which they’d perform their songs, and they also gave their instruments a little test, which elevated your hopes a bit too high. Your bladder sent another strong signal of urge and the concert hadn't even started yet. A guy somewhere in the crowd immediately hollered a “WOOOH”, only for the music to fade out seconds after starting. Many laughed, and you would've too, but you restrained yourself, for reasons that were uncomfortably obvious.

Sam introduced the band to the people that hadn't come from Stardew Valley. He was back to looking nervous again. You could tell he wasn't looking at anyone in particular, but you still widened your smile at him, like sending him a silent good vibe. He needed it, and you were willing to put your desperation aside to keep showing him your endless support.

“Here we go…” he said and shot a look to Abigail and Sebastian behind him. They nodded to him, signaling they were ready. The music started.

You released a breath of tension now that your friend had gotten in the zone. Once he began playing, it was like all nerves had dissipated and he had turned into the star he dreamed to be. He had struggled to even introduce the band to the people and now here he was, making the electric guitar look like the easiest instrument in existence to play.

You watched around you. The other attendees were paying attention to the performance, you could catch a few already moving their body a little. You felt happy that Sam had the support of all these people too.

You crossed your legs tight again and tightened the fists by your sides. You were still resolute in fighting off the most obvious signs of desperation. Not only could these other people see you, but the band could see you. You kind of doubted it, they were focused on their instruments, but you feared that seeing you barely contain your piss at bay would distract them, and the whole concert would be ruined because of you.

You pursed your lips and doubled over a bit. It was the most comfortable position you could be in while your body was ravaged by urges to start looking for a toilet before it made one out of your pants.

Then the song ended. You and some other people from Pelican Town clapped, while many of the people from Zuzu screamed in approval. Sam was practically glowing now. “Thank you so much! That was the first track we came up with, but there’s more! Let’s keep going, shall we?”

You heard a collective “yeah!” sound across the crowd, and Sam appreciated the enthusiasm. He tapped his foot on the count of three and the band went on to play their next song. You tried to keep smiling and enjoying the evening, but with how often you had to jiggle your thighs and bounce in place, it was hard. You couldn't even take deep breaths comfortably anymore, not if you kept trying to hold back your piss with a thin ring of muscle alone.

Your head occasionally turned to the area next to the stage, where the wider field opened up. You were sure there had to be portaloos in there, but where exactly were they? You supposed at this point that you could try asking Sam once the concert is over. He should know, he’s the one who planned most of this concert.

The second song was eventually over and you clapped, legs firmly pressed together. You exhaled a shaky breath, wondering how many more songs they had in their repertoire. You hoped not many more.

But what do you know, there was more. The next song was just as good as the previous two, but you could barely focus on the bass or the melody, because you were focused so hard on controlling your body.

It was around half way through that song that you felt it, your first involuntary spurt. Your hand shot to your crotch immediately and you stayed frozen for a few seconds to confirm that you weren't close to leaking again, for now at least. Your eyes darted to the people around you. No one had seen you, they were still focused on the spectacle ahead of them. You sighed, giving yourself a bit of a tighter squeeze before slowly taking your hand out of there.

Well, this is it, you’re getting close to your finish line. You groaned inwards as you felt another, long wave of desperation course through you. You wanted to let it pass without grabbing yourself again, but you couldn't. Your hand had to return to where it had been, and your palm felt a small warmth reach it despite your best efforts.

You straightened up, mentally repeating to yourself that you didn't actually need to pee. You told yourself to focus on the song, that there wasn't anything else to focus on, no organ of yours was under stress, so just… listen to the music… and enjoy it.

The auto suggestion worked momentarily, you stayed a nice couple of minutes feeling very in control, though your bladder never stopped pulsating. Shifting your weight from foot to foot occasionally was everything you needed in that small time frame to keep you somewhat comfortable.

But of course, a simple mantra can’t ward off bodily needs forever. As the band started playing their fourth song of the day, you felt your body try to expel more liquid. You repeated to yourself that you didn’t need to pee, but your body didn't believe you anymore. It decided to push its piss out one more time, and your sphincter was unfortunately not strong enough to keep you completely dry this time either. Your breath quickened in the couple of seconds that it took you to understand this leak was coming whether you liked it or not. You used both hands to block your exit and you tried to tighten your pelvic muscles as much as you could, but the five second dribble was inevitable. You almost whimpered while you tried everything to make it stop.

After it stopped, you stayed frozen in place, taking little breaths to stabilize yourself. Your bladder still pulsed madly, but at least you felt far away from the danger zone to get your hands out and take a look at yourself. There was a small wet spot on your pants, which was making you feel all sorts of negative emotions. Though you supposed most people would not see it as long as they weren't intentionally staring at your crotch. You adjusted your pants to hopefully make the spot less visible.

You fearfully lifted your eyes to the stage. The group was still playing as if nothing had happened. You were glad they hadn't noticed you –or if they did, they didn't pay you any mind–, but you couldn't be glad for long, since you had more pressing matters at hand. You grieved the fact that your desperation increasing turned the music into background noise. You had genuinely been so excited to hear what the guys had come up with…

“Is everyone enjoying themselves?!” Sam asked with exuberance, receiving a lot of yeses and some excited hollers. “That's good! Abigail! Want to do the honors for this one?”

Abigail lifted her drum sticks high in the air. “Of course! One… two… three… four!”

The following song started with a drums solo and some more eager yelling came from the crowd. Very strangely, you felt like the soundwaves, amplified by the equipment, reverberated through your whole body, causing your bladder to tingle with need. Or maybe it was a coincidence, who knew.

Still, as desperate as you currently felt, you still attempted to pretend to be fine, as long as you felt like you could manage it. You bobbed your head to the rhythm, which was about as much as you could do to appear like you were enjoying yourself. In reality, you could only think about how much more this concert would last so you could start looking for bathrooms again. You needed to go really badly…

Your thoughts were so consumed with this concern that you didn't catch how the song evolved until it was over. You offered a few claps, looking up to the stage. You noticed something curious. Sam was still glowing with joy, he was grinning, but his pose seemed kind of tense… Rather than freely using the stage’s space, he stayed in one place for a good while and his legs stayed rigid throughout all of it. For a moment you even thought you could see his knees bending the tiniest bit.

They announced yet another song and you took in an anxious breath. They also said that they were running out of songs, which was a relief, but gosh damn, you needed MUCH more relief than this! You tapped your foot and squeezed your eyes shut, telling your body to keep holding it no matter how uncomfortable it got.

The songs were all more or less the same length, you knew this to be a fact, and yet, to your most subjective point of view, each one was longer than the last. Your hand went over to your bladder to give it a soothing caress again, but you were assaulted by a constricting sensation all around your bloated midsection. This feeling rang VERY familiar bells…you looked down and saw your waistband pressing against a bulge in your tummy. Oh crud, oh no, were you really that full? That your bladder had started to bulge in hopes of storing more piss?

Seeing your literal bladder really messed up with your head. It was like your brain was activating an emergency protocol that would lead to an emptying, so you quickly averted your gaze and tried to forget about it. The bulge was still small. Barely there. Maybe your imagination had made it up! But these silly theories of yours weren't going to fool your brain. An order to squeeze up reached your bladder and your hands had to go to your groin, holding on as best as you could through a horrible shiver that traversed you from head to toe.

“Owww, dammit…” you whimpered. You were getting to the point where staying hand-free for a few seconds wasn't a possibility anymore. Your sphincter was giving up, it just wouldn't do its job if you didn't help it out. You just hoped that no one cared too much about some unassuming farmer keeping their hands between their thighs. You could probably chalk it up to the weather cooling off as the afternoon turned into evening.

And finally, just as you were starting to get really concerned again, the song finished, and Sam bowed to the public, showing that the official debut of their band was over.

People cheered, and even you felt a burst of mental relief wash over you. AT LAST the show had concluded, which meant you’d be free to find a restroom again, or better yet, ask Sam where those were.

“Woooh! That was great!”

“Nice work, guys!”

“I really enjoyed that bass part.”

Sam’s smile couldn't have been wider at that moment. The other band members were also sporting smiles of their own.

“Thanks, everyone!” He said, and despite everything, you found yourself smiling too.

Oh but would your smile fall in the most pitiful way when Sam called all the public’s attention to YOU, saying that his band could’ve never decided on a genre if it wasn't for you. Your posture instantly changed. You stopped being half bent over and you took your hands out of your privates. Sam had only the best intentions, you knew that, but by Yoba, this was the worst possible time to get credit for that! It almost didn't feel real. Your body protested the sudden shift in posture, you had to pee so, so bad, all eyes were on you… you didn't know which one was worse, your desperation or the sudden bout of anxiety you got.

Penny, who had been relatively close to you, but ahead enough that she never really turned around, was now facing you. She had a friendly smile on her face, but you couldn't have been in less of a mood to chat. “So you’re like an honorary member, right?”

Your shoulders tensed up and you tried returning her smile, all while keeping a pose that made holding massively more difficult. You mentally started to beg Sam to say something else, anything else, so that people could look back up at him. You could feel your muscles get numb from exhaustion.

Miraculously, he ended up doing just as you hoped. “Oh! And don’t forget to pick up one of our demo cassettes on the way out… Only 10g!”

Abigail stood up from her seat at the drums, Sebastian stepped away from his keyboard and Sam walked to the back of the stage so he could place his beloved guitar back in its case. No one was looking at you anymore, and the band was more focused now on preparing to leave, so you gripped yourself for all that was worth. Your breaths were short and quick, you couldn’t get yourself to tolerate this desperation as it kept hitting you relentlessly. Your throat made a weird noise as your hole opened up and spurts filled up your hands, the pee soon trickling down from your fingers.

This couldn’t be it. No, please, it couldn’t, you were doing great! You had managed to hold throughout the concert, you could leave now to find the facilities! You could ask Sam! You tapped your foot frantically on the grass, your consciousness yelling at your body to stop this, just stop…

And you stopped. You still felt like you would have a real accident if you moved the wrong way, but you found the strength to stop spurting. You told yourself this was only the result of having all those people look at you, forcing you to take your hands out of your legs. That’s what messed you up, but it was over, so it was fine. You needed to convince your body that it was fine again, and that it would get better soon. A toilet will be found shortly, so please don’t pee yet…

Sam interchanged some words with Abigail and Sebastian, and then he stepped off the stage. This is it, time to ask. He’s your friend, surely he won’t judge you for having to go really bad.

You saw him about to take off somewhere else, but he was stopped by his family that wanted to congratulate him. You couldn’t walk too fast, so you were grateful he was stopped. You noticed how restless his legs were.

“S-Sam…?” You called out once you were at a reasonable distance. His family had already left the scene and was heading to the bus.

He seemed caught off guard when he looked at you. You had both hands glued to your crotch, your knees were bent inwards, you just looked deeply uncomfortable and in a hurry. He must’ve known what was going on.

“Hey… are you, uhm, heading to the restrooms?”

Your face lit up with hope for a moment. “Yes!” You nodded, “do you know where they are?”

He looked disappointed when you asked the question. His upper half slumped, but his lower half soon tensed up. “No, sorry…” All the color must’ve drained from your face, because he got this very apologetic look. “I… I was so excited to just be here and play that I forgot to ask the event planners where the bathrooms were gonna be! I’m really sorry, I mea–”

“Sam…!” You cried out, your voice soon lowering to a pathetic whimper. “I need to go…”

“I need to go too,” he admitted with a tone of sadness in his voice. He completely empathized with you here. “I was just about to go look for restrooms. Let’s go, we can find them together.”

You wanted to cry. You felt so… irritated. Sam was in charge of planning this whole thing and he never bothered to ask something as basic as where the toilets would be? If you were any meaner, you would’ve called him a fool! In your mind, at least, maybe not to his face…

But then you remembered that this was very in character for Sam. Yes, he was ambitious, and yes, he was capable of working hard, he just proved it, but he always had been… disorganized. More of a go-with-the-flow type of guy. He simply didn’t tend to think of the ways in which things could go wrong, so he went ahead with stuff as he saw fit.

You knew he was like this and still became his friend. You couldn’t get angry at him now… besides, he did have every intention in the world to help you find a toilet, so… was it all that bad?

Your bladder immediately contracted as if to say YES, it was that bad! You didn’t need a toilet soon, you needed it NOW! You were literally bulging, how much worse could it get?! But you refused to simply piss your pants. You weren’t that shameless. You pushed yourself forward, Sam walking ahead of you by a few steps. Now that he was out of view from the people that knew him, he was taking a bit more liberty in how much he allowed himself to squirm. Whenever he stopped to take a better look around, he’d bend his knees and fidget. It was clear he must’ve consciously held his pee throughout the whole concert, maybe a bit before it too.

And you knew this wasn’t a competition, but you couldn’t help but think that if he had it bad, then you had it a thousand times worse! You had leaked so much already and continued to dribble tiny drops every few steps you took. You were at the end of your rope here, and the two of you still hadn’t gone further than you initially did before the concert began.

Your mind wandered as you had to concentrate every single fiber of your being into not peeing. Your eyes watered and you pinched them shut, you couldn’t contain all this liquid for much longer, you seriously couldn’t…

“Hey, dude!” You barely heard Sam’s voice call out to someone. “My friend and I really need a bathroom. Do you know where they are?”

You creaked one eye open to see who he was talking to. You recognized the person to be the vendor who sold you that cold soda. Seeing him made your brain chastise you for thinking that buying that thing was a good idea. The soda cans he had were still cold, if the drops hanging on their tin were any indication. The way your bladder lurched and screamed at the simple sight of a few drops was incredible.

The vendor ended up telling Sam that even he wasn’t too sure anymore, but that he kinda remembers seeing some portaloos ‘over there’. You didn’t see where he was pointing, but Sam must’ve seen.

“Alright, thank you so much! Come on, that guy told me where the bathrooms are… you can make it there, can you?” He asked with a sudden tone of doubt.

And boy, did you have your serious doubts yourself. But what other thing could you have told him but ‘yes’? Yes, you just had to try your best and make it to the portaloos without completely soaking yourself. “L-Let’s go…” you muttered through gritted teeth. Your vision was blurry. You could only follow the Sam-looking figure wherever it went, barely dodging the people that were also walking everywhere. You didn’t have it in you to mask your need any longer. You panted openly, sometimes groaning as you started to feel flashes of pain come from your back.

The two of you then encountered an obstacle. By following the direction Sam had been given, both of you had to walk through a massive crowd. You recognized the music that was playing on this other stage, it was from quite the popular band, it obviously was going to have a much larger following. The crowd was so large that there was no way to circumvent it. You and Sam would have to push through.

He looked back at you with a concerned expression. He spoke something, but you couldn’t hear him due to how loud the music was. He must’ve had a hard time hearing his own voice, because he stopped talking and got close to you, so he could speak directly into your ear. “The crowd is too big to go around it. We’ll have to make our way through however we can. Stick as close to me as you can, okay? Or… better yet, why don’t you hold my hand? That way you won’t get lost.”

You shook your head. “Sam, if I take even just one hand out, I’m going to pee myself…”

You were so exhausted. Your body was beyond fatigued. The pressure in your bladder was indescribable. It started to feel like your whole midsection was made of the heaviest metal. Only Yoba could know what would happen if you held yourself with just one hand instead of two…

You heard your name be uttered by Sam. He said it in a soft, yet firm voice. “We can’t go about this any other way. Please hold on. I know you’re strong.”

You almost sobbed as you did as he said and took a hand out. Your body immediately trembled all over, every muscle trying to aid in your hopeless attempt of not losing all control. Sam gasped when he grasped your hand, surely from when he felt its wetness. He was literally holding your pee stained hand. But neither of you had any time to lose. He took your hand tighter and started guiding you through the crowd, excusing himself to the people multiple times as you two squished yourselves against the multitude of strangers.

Your head pounded. This music was so loud, your legs felt so weak, your bladder was practically dying, everything was just too much. You couldn’t correctly feel if you were leaking, and how much if so. Your sphincter was completely numb at this point.

Realistically speaking, you probably spent two to three minutes walking through the crowd, but to you, it had been an hour. You couldn't handle this anymore…

You heard Sam speak, but the music once more muted his words. You watched him whip his head left and right and he turned to look at you with a face you couldn't begin to read. It was like a mix of confusion and dread. He bit his lip, he wanted to say something else to you, but he didn't, he just tugged you again and you helplessly wobbled behind him.

Once the stage had been left behind enough that the music wasn't blasting your eardrums, he spoke again, only after regaining control over his body by jiggling his legs some. “Hey, how are you doing?”

His grip on your hand softened and you didn't waste a second in shoving it back into your crotch where it belonged. You released the most pitiful, longest moan at his question.

“Oh boy… I… I’ll keep looking for the toilets. I thought we’d find them when we got out of that crowd! Dammit, they can't be that far now, can they?” He muttered to himself, and you could only feel control slip away more and more when you understood what his words meant. After this whole odyssey, the two of you could STILL not find a place to relieve yourselves.

You watched as Sam hopped from one spot to the next, wanting to find toilets, but not without getting too far away from you. He was openly using a hand now to help himself stay dry. He stayed in one spot for a bit, stretching his neck to better view what was happening by his side. You didn’t have the time to ask what he was looking at before he took you by the shoulder and started dragging you in the opposite direction he had been staring at.

Now the two of you were behind a half built brick wall that had clearly fallen apart with the years. Away from people, with a tree wide enough to hide a person or two behind its trunk, you and Sam had found an oddly private spot amongst the chaos of musical fans.

“I found the portaloos, but they had long lines,” Sam explained, lowering his zipper. “We’ll have to do it here. You can use the wall or the tree, I promise I won't look.”

The words cut through your mind-breaking desperation and you felt horrified. Peeing outside? With someone else?! Oh no, no no no, that was too much, even your bladder stopped pulsing for a moment, like it knew it shouldn't release if there wasn't an actual toilet nearby.

You shivered with the force of an earthquake and sputtered, “Sam, I can't do it…”

“Yes, you can,” he encouraged, pee dancing in his spot as he was also restraining himself out of respect for you, “in fact, I think you HAVE to do it, and soon. You don't look well at all.”

Your bladder eventually forgot about the shock from earlier and went back to demanding relief with furious throbs and pulses, making you painfully aware that you were simply hurting yourself at this point. There was literally nothing else for you to do now, but to pee.

Sam positioned himself behind the tree and started fumbling into his underwear for his dick. “R-Ready when you are…” he said, and you knew then that you couldn't hold him up. He helped you throughout everything, now it was your turn to get to peeing so he could also pee.

“B-brick wall…” you muttered, letting him know you were going to use that. You had to crouch so the wall could hide your privates from the view of others. You slid down your garments and looked at your bladder again. It definitely was protruding more now. At least this would soon be over. You would grant your body its highly deserved respite, and this whole adventure will be left behind.

Except nothing came out. You tried to relax, you seriously did, but something was causing you to keep it all in even when your pee-hole felt like it was fully opened and ready to spray! Maybe it was the knowledge that Sam was nearby, or that you could feel the evening wind hitting your genitals, or maybe it was all the damn NOISE that was EVERYWHERE, but you couldn’t do it. Your frustration grew astronomically alongside your desperation.

Your mouth was agape, yet you barely breathed. Your midsection kept being assailed with pain, yet it wouldn't accept the solution of peeing behind a dilapidated wall. You heard Sam's stream begin and you barely heard his sigh of relief and, oh man, did this multiply your feelings of urge by a million. In Praxis it should’ve been so easy to do the same as him, but your stupid shy bladder decided locking up was better. It was hopeless. Always hopeless.

After forty seconds of nothing, you decided you should give up and walk to the restrooms instead. If your bladder stayed locked long enough, maybe you could actually use the toilets there. You heard Sam's trickle come to a stop, so you hurried in pulling over your clothes so he wouldn't see you exposed.

You first secured your underwear onto your hips, but left the waistband right below your bulge so it wouldn't be compressed. Then you bent down to grab the pants that had fallen to your feet, but when you did so, your bulge was squished against your legs, knocking all the wind out of you. The sensation was so strong that it caused something in your body to cede, right as Sam came out from behind the tree.

“So, did you do…”

PPSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHHH

“...it?”

Before you could pull up your pants completely, your bladder gave out against every wish you had. The urine jetted out in anger, creating this huge spot in your underwear and splashing all over the front of your pants that now hung at mid thigh length. This had to be the most humiliating way to wet oneself by far, and you could not stop, it just kept coming and coming and coming.

Sam stared for a second before yelping and instantly turning around, remembering what he had said before about not looking. He just had no idea that he’d see you only half clothed right at the second you started soaking everywhere. Oh, this was going to haunt your nightmares for sure…

You didn't want to moan or to pant or to groan, but this relief was… it was so BIG, your defeated body had to let its pleasure be known through your mouth. In your attempt to keep back the moans, you ended up whimpering instead, and the heaving came soon after. The drop in pressure was everything your body had craved for the past hour or so, and nothing you could do was going to stop this much needed emptying.

You didn't even know if you should pull up your pants since they were already wet beyond fix, or if you should free yourself of your underwear so you could properly keep pissing somewhere that wasn't yourself. Unable to decide, you ended up doing nothing, you just stayed in the same position you started in.

It naturally took you way longer than Sam to finish peeing. After a full minute and twenty seconds, your stream ceased, and you felt paralyzed not just in body, but also in mind.

That… that happened. Sam saw you with your pants down, he heard your torrent, your whimpers and your heavy breathing. Your bladder now felt lighter than air, but that didn't matter squat when your dignity was broken. If it hadn't been for Sam asking if it was okay to turn around now, you probably would've stayed like that forever, with your hands grasping the waist of the pants while shame crushed you like a hydraulic press.

You scrambled to put them back on, not like that made you look any less embarrassing, they were also thoroughly wet from crotch to ankle. Sam turned around, his face showing nothing but pity for you. “Gosh, I’m sorry… I… I don't know what to say.”

Neither did you. Your lips were pursed and your head hung low. Thoughts of the worst possible outcomes swarmed your mind. At this point you had peed in front of many villagers before, but never was it like this. Every time you were witnessed soaking yourself, it was only one witness at a time and they’d either help you get clean or you’d manage to go back home without anyone else seeing you and your wet pants.

This time it was for sure gonna be different. The moment you stepped into the bus, everyone would know what happened. With so many witnesses, without that strange privacy you had with the individual villagers in your previous accidents, word would certainly spread. Not a single person in all of Stardew Valley would be unaware of your unfortunate habit of pissing yourself.

Your body started to tremble and your lip quivered. Sam immediately caught on to your feelings, of how you were about to cry.

“H-hey, hey, it's okay. I don’t mi–”

“It's not okay!” You exploded in a way that wasn't very characteristic of you. “I– I… Everyone– Everyone will know I wet myself! A-and they’ll tell everyone b-back home…!”

“Not if I can do something about it!” He retaliated, though it was clear he didn't have a clue of how to make you pass under the radar. He looked around aimlessly, as if a solution would conveniently appear in front of him on a silver plate.

You didn't want to fight him anymore. You just wished, above all else, that you could teleport home without having to endure the bus ride. Damn, if only you had a totem with you…

Sam was looking over to where the bathrooms were and you heard him sigh. He looked at you with heartwarming concern in his eyes. “Can you stay here for a bit? I’ll go to the restrooms for some paper. You know, so at least our hands can be somewhat clean.”

You remembered how Sam took your hand that had been working as a barrier against your spurts and your cheeks turned several degrees hotter. You nodded, though, his idea was good. He didn't take very long to come back with a good number of paper towels, all for you. “I already cleaned my hands. Take them all.”

You did as he said. Once your hands were dried, you just dropped the crumpled ball of paper on the ground. Now what? Sam still hadn't come up with a plan to hide your accident and neither had you. The two of you stood there for some moments, contemplating what your next step should be. And then, as if Yoba was trying to give you a signal of how to proceed, another vendor, a clumsier one, passed close to the both of you. You only noticed her when she dropped a can of soda by accident, openly voicing her concern of whether the impact had damaged the tin or not. It hadn't, which made her sigh in relief.

If this were a cartoon, Sam would've had a lightbulb appear over his head. He approached the vendor and you winced, because she immediately looked over and you didn't have time to hide behind the tree or something.

“Hey, excuse me, miss! Could you sell me that soda?”

She looked a bit bewildered at his request. “This one? Sir, I dropped it, it will surely spray everywhere the moment you open it! Here, I still have all these cans in good condition to sell.”

Sam shook his head and pointed at the dented can. “No, I want that one. How much?”

The lady blinked a few times before just giving him the answer, 45g, just like the other guy. Sam paid for it, thanked her and went back to you. He looked almost giddy at his genius idea that you still knew nothing about.

“Okay, do you trust me?” He asked, and a sassier side of you internally said ‘not so much now that you ask’. Regardless, you gave him an unsure yes.

What Sam did next perplexed you. He gave the can another shake, took a deep breath to prepare himself and then he opened the can, pointing it right at his face. The sticky drink sprayed all over his face and hair, leaving wet spots on his neck, as well as the cloth of his shoulders. Then, he pointed the sweet geyser at you, staining part of your shirt, but sparing your face, targeting mostly your wet pants. The action took you by surprise, but you soon connected the pieces. He was going to mask your pee accident as a soda accident.

Sam redirected the remainder of the drink attack at himself, allowing part of his leg, his wrists and his shoes to get wet too. He looked back up at you with a smile. “See? Now the two of us are soaked! If anyone asks, I’ll say we wanted to have a celebratory drink and ended up getting sold shaken sodas by a shady vendor. Should be convincing enough, right?”

A part of you was super anxious that it wouldn't be a good enough story, that people would be able to smell its fakeness from a mile away, but another part of you knew that there was no going back from this. Both of you were wet with soda, neither would manage to dry until it was time to board the bus again, so all that was left was to go along with it and hope that it would work.

You gave Sam the thumbs up to start heading back and the two of you made your way to the stage, where only Sebastian and Abigail remained. They were waiting for Sam to help them carry the drums back to the bus.

“Whoa, what happened to you?” The girl asked, and Sam played his role spectacularly. He bashfully talked about how he, after using the bathroom like he told his friends he would, encountered you around the area and decided to do a toast for this successful concert. The soda he bought must've been jolted at some point by its vendor, because it sprayed everywhere when he opened it. In his attempt to stop the soda from hitting his face, he pointed the can anywhere else, not noticing he started ruining your clothes as well.

Neither Seb nor Abby seemed to find anything wrong with this story. They just made light fun of Sam and told him to help them already with the last of the gear. You marched just a bit behind the three and you saw how Sam’s head turned so he could wink at you.

You grinned, feeling beyond glad that the two of you could stick together like that through thick and thin.

