A Sith's Fantasy

Author: despjenny

*000*2017-06-17 07:29

Chapter 1:

Overview:

Anakin Skywalker was stood in the living areas of Padme Amidala while arguing with his friend Obi Wan. Little did they know that a bounty hunter had sent a droid containing two poisonous grubs to kill the senator. Anakin suddenly sensed the worms as did Obi Wan and they both rushed into the sleeping senators bedroom and cut them in half.

Padme:

I heard the door crash open and saw them both jump in swinging lightsabers. It was terrifying. I went slack and suddenly felt a warmth around my crotch. I had pissed myself! I turned bright red but it was too dark for the Jedi's to notice. They ran out of the room informing her they were after the bounty hunter. She looked at the wet sheets, and thought there was no point in holding the rest in, she released her vaginal muscles and pee spurted onto the bed.

Overview:

With the bounty hunter now dead it was Anakins duty to tell Padme she would have to move to Naboo with him protecting her. She protested but eventually went along with it. Little did she know that Anakin had seen her damp bed and put two and two together.

Anakin:

I stepped off the ship with Padme at my side and we boarded a carriage to the home we would be staying in. I saw Padme squirm next to me, she needed a pee obviously but her nipples were also standing out against her dress. That must mean she had no bra on. I smiled, hoping I was the reason. We arrived at the house and Padme headed straight for the toilets. She was bouncing from side to side with her hand pressed to her crotch. I walked into the main room and sat down until I heard her voice. "Anakin, can you help me?" I walked through to see her doing a little dance by the toilet and making small grunting sounds. She managed to indicate to the back of the dress that had a zip on it. I had a huge erection but she wouldn't notice.

Padme:

As he walked behind me I saw the large bulge in his trousers. Does me being desperate for a piss really turn him on? He undid the zip and I pulled the dress off. He turned to leave. "No," I said, "Stay, I'm gonna need help with my dress." I had no bra on for him but I didn't care. I dropped the dress to the floor and my tits flopped out. I was still desperate and pulled her panties partially down before relaxing my muscles and letting my piss stream into the toilet.

