The heaven of urine

Author: Damnation

*000*2016-09-28 02:24

Soo, I was trying to sleep but I suddenly saw a vision about this so I had to take a pen to my hand and start writing. :D It's maybe a bit weird but hope you enjoy!

###

It's dark. I can feel the firm ground under my feet and cold air on my skin but I can't see anything. Am I blind? I sense a sweet, sugary scent in the air. Where is it coming from? I trie to stay calm but I can feel how fear is little by little taking over every part of my body. I want to run but I don't know where.

I scrabble the air with my hands and with humbling take a step and another. The ground crackles under my feet. I'm afraid that I crash to the ground and try to find support for my hands but I only grab emptiness. I walk slowly forward - or at least to the direction I think is forward. In this darkness there's no way I could know in which direction I'm actually walking.

A great feeling of emptiness takes over me. I don't feel myself as a whole, something's missing. My stomach feels strange. I get goose bumps. Something, somewhere attracts me. I don't know what or where, but it feels like a big magnet and like I could find it easily.

My walking becomes more determined, I no more humble. Somewhere far away dawns a yellow light. I navigate myself towards the light and my heart beat becomes to a clock with a rhythm. I want to find the source of the light quickly. The speed of my steps raises and soon I am already running. The shimmering is near.

A door.

A bright yellow door that exudes warmness and safeness but at the same time something bizarre. I stand by it looking at like I was looking at God or at least like the Gates of Heaven. Shortly, a minor insecurity takes over my body. Am I dying? I raise my hand and think would I dare to touch the door. It feels so tempting.I gently put my hand on the door knob and at that particular time, strong, extraordinary feeling rushes through my whole body, culminating to my bladder. Like some would have dropped a large rock to there. I become aware that I need to pee. The need isn't extremely strong but it's noticeable.

I open the door. In front of my eyes opens a thoroughly yellow world. I step in the yellowness and close the door behind me. Everything is somehow liquid like but still solid. On my left side is growing some yellow flowers. I squat by them and take a few of them in my hand. They smell strongly sweet. The scent is the same as I smelled earlier when I still was in dark. Smelling the flowers make my urge to pee much more intense. I decide to continue walking. There's yellow waterfalls and fountains that gluck as yellow around me. I see a lady wearing yellow peeing on the street. The yellow dawn that comes from the sky and from the environment makes her face look pale.

I realize that I really need the bathroom. My stomach is aching. The rustle of the water falls and the purl of the fountains only make it worse. I try to walk forward fast, like I was trying to find a way out. Or bathroom. Or both. The yellowness however feels like being infinite. I need to stop every now and then after only few steps. I grab my crotch and squeeze as hard as I can to prevent myself from wetting myself. Why I suddenly need to pee this bad? I carefully keep walking. I hold my bladder muscles really hard.

After a while I see a mist in front of me. I want to get there. I see a picture about blessed relief in my head. However, I can't run because I wouldn't be able to hold myself that way. Suddenly I feel like a lighting had been struck to my stomach. I squat quickly and grab my crotch again. I'm not able to prevent a small spot appearing to the front of my panties. I feel the dampness with my fingers and can how the redness spreads on my face. As being embarrassed I watch around me and then down to see the damage. My light hair fall on my eyes. I need to keep going.I stand up carefully, still holding my crotch with my hand. I centralize all my will power and focus to my bladder and to holding. I look towards the mist and start walking towards it. I can do this!

After a time that felt like eternity and after a few small leaks I'm finally in front of the mist. It's so thick that I can't see what's there. I still step in and my heart beats one excessive heartbeat when there suddenly isn't anything under me feet. The sudden fall ruins my capability of holding and the flood gates open. Warm stream pours into my panties and I can feel my face change their color again. This isn't happening. At the same time when the stream ends, I thump onto something soft and wet.

On my bed.

*004*2016-10-02 02:55

{{On 28.9.2016 at 6:11 PM, Spurgle said:

Wow :D Just imagine if there was a heaven of pee and every door you open there's someone either having a wee or an accident.. Love this :D

}}

Haha, yeah, that would be unique to say the least. :D I really don't know where I got this idea from, I just were in bed and this suddenly came into my mind out of the blue. :D

{{23 hours ago, guest said:

Gives the phrase "tripping pee" a while new meaning ;) Very interesting.

}}

Yes, definitely :D

{{14 hours ago, tholepin said:

A beautiful example of stream of consciousness , no pun intended. You "wrote" the urgency, not just "reported" it. Try this method out often, then string the episodes together . . . voila!

}}

I don't quite understand what you mean by "You 'wrote' the urgency, not just 'reported' it", Care to clarify a bit :)?

