Vampires at the coffee shop

Author: Dimwitrolo

*009*2017-08-18 02:50

"You're sure you're meant to start now?"

Gwen checks her phone for the time and looks back to me

"yeah, Geoff was quite specific, ten AM start, and I finish at five" she says, looking back at the big red 'closed' sign that hangs on the door. "And it's ten-past ten now..."

"Maybe he's ill" I suggest. "Or he has a family thing going on, or-"

"Gwendolyn!" Booms a cheery familiar voice behind me. "So sorry I am late - good to see you are here though! - excited for your first day?"

Gwen smiles and nods at Geoff, who steps forward between us and puts the key into the door, twists it, and leads us both inside.

"You are late yesterday, now I am late today...we better not make a habit of this, hmm!?" He laughs. He heads behind the counter and pulls out a name badge with 'Gwendolyn' printed in place. "This is for you - in case you forget who you are!" Geoff laughs. Gwen takes it and smiles.

"It will not be busy day today" Geoff says as he plugs in the grinding machine behind the counter. "Tuesdays never are" he continues. "Is good for you though, yes? For your first day - nice and easy!"

"ha, I suppose!" Gwen says, putting her badge into her shirt.

"Any way - I believe you have customer" Geoff says, pointing to me. Gwen turns and looks at me, I wave at her to introduce myself

"I'd like a coffee please, Gwen!" I say cheerily

"what kind of coffee?"

"oh, just instant for me please - decaf"

"Geoff?" Gwen says, turning around. "We can throw people out, can't we?"

Geoff and I both laugh.

"I'll just have a mocha please, Gwen" I say. She smiles and skips behind the counter, while I head over to an empty table near enough to the counter, and take a seat. I watch while Geoff shows Gwen how to use the equipment. Five minutes later, Gwen comes back to me with two coffees, and takes a seat

"So - you had questions?" She says, pushing my mocha to me

"are you allowed to sit and talk with customers?"

"Geoff said it's okay so long as I don't do it while there are people waiting"

I take a sip of my coffee, and I nearly recoil at how sweet it is

"Oh!" Gwen starts, seeing my reaction. "You'll need a quick jump in your sugar levels" she tells me quietly, so that Geoff won't hear. "Otherwise you'll be feeling faint all day"

I cough and take another sip - it's easier this time now I'm expecting it. "Hey - next time can I have some coffee with my sugar?"

Gwen smirks at me. "Come on, drink up!"

"So, tell me about-"

Im interrupted by the bell ringing as the door opens and a man walks in - a rather tall, gaunt looking man, with slicked back hair and matching goatee, wearing black slacks, a red shirt, and a black waistcoat. Despite his smart clothes, he looks a little rough around the ages, with a pockscarred face and a handful of scars. Gwen goes to get up and see to him, but Geoff is in before she's cleared her chair

"Manfred!" Geoff shouts, arms open to welcome him. "So good to see you - how did things go for you last night?"

"Oh you know" the man answers with a cruel but soft voice, shaking Geoff by the hand. "A bit of a struggle, not very pleasant. I trust you've heard the news? Another vampire attack, this time in Pilkington drive"

"hmm, a close one then?" Geoff says, rubbing his chin. "But it is good to see you are okay!"

Gwen turns to me. "Pilkington drive?" She whispers. "That's only a few streets down from my house!"

"I hope you had nothing to do with this, old friend!" Geoff booms, walking behind the counter and preparing a coffee for Manfred, who takes a seat. Manfred doesn't find take well to Geoff's comment, though Geoff doesn't notice as he chuckles to himself behind the counter. Gwen heads to the counter, leaving me alone at my table with our two coffees. Geoff hands Gwen the cup, and she takes it to Manfred. He takes it from her without saying a word.

"Excuse me sir" I hear Gwen say. "You've got something on your collar"

The man wipes his thumb over his collar while Gwen makes her way back to me. He checks his thumb and recoils, then looks back to Gwen.

"What was it?" I ask Gwen, who seems to be paler than usual.

"B-blood"

We sit in silence and finish our coffees. No one comes into the shop, and Geoff and Manfred sit talking indistinctly at the far end of the café. I finish my cup and put it on the table, Gwen takes it and the saucer.

"I think we need to talk tonight." Gwen says to me as she stands up. "At my place"

"sure - I'll head over here at five and pick you up" I say, handing her the money for the coffee. "Want me to bring anything!"

"Ooh, how about Mario Kart?" She says, livening up. "Or Risk, haven't played that in a while!"

I smile at her, and she smiles back. "See you soon!" I say to her, and I head out

Five o'clock rolls around, and I shut my flat door behind me as I head out to the café again. Same clothes as before, though now I've got my backpack with Risk inside. As much as I'm looking forward to a night at Gwen's, I can't get this morning out of my mind. That strange fellow, Manfred. His cold demeanour, the way he reacted to Geoff's joke. The blood on his collar. He has to be the vampire - it's obvious. But what really bothers me was the way Geoff treated him - they're friends! Geoff seemed to know that the man was a Vampire! Is Geoff really friends with something so nasty as a vampire!? I mean, Gwen isn't nasty, or anything...but that Manfred...

While I'd been thinking I'd hardly noticed the journey to the café as I walked, until I nearly walked head first into the door. Remembering that the real world exists, I bring myself back into it and open the door. Gwen smiles at me from behind the counter. I waltz in and take a seat, the same as before. There are some new coffee stains on the table, and there are more guests, but it's the same as I left it otherwise. Including - almost to my shock - Manfred, sat in the same corner. Gwen heads on over to my table

"Hello again" she says grinning and leaning on the back of the other chair. "Want another coffee before we leave?"

"I'd better not - kinda need the loo" I answer.

"Oh, go on!" She smiles. "You can be my first and last customer!"

I really should have gone before I left, and I'm feeling quite an urge to go. But I also really like the coffee here.

"...Go on then!" I say with a smirk. "I can make it back to your place - unlike-"

"Ahem!" She coughs, deliberately to cut me off. "Well if you really want to pay double, Alice, who am I to stop you!?"

"That's not what I-"

"Triple! How generous!"

We both laugh and she heads back behind the counter for a moment, then comes back with two more coffees - mochas, just like this morning. I take a sip - unlike this morning, this coffee isn't pure sugar with a distant coffee flavour.

"Sure is sunny out" I say to her, making conversation. "Lovely weather"

"Not so great for us" Gwen says. "Maybe we should-"

"What's wrong with the sun?" Comes a cold voice behind us - it's Manfred, paying at the counter. I can feel my face drain pale. Gwen doesn't even flinch.

"Oh, I'm an albino." She says to him. He nods and raises his eyebrows. "Sun burns me really easily!" She looks back to me, makes some faces that she wants me to understand but which fly over my head, frowns, then gestures to me with her cup to drink. I smile and take another sip.

When we both finish our coffees, she takes my cup in hand and smiles at me. "You ready?" I ask

She nods, smiles and heads back behind the counter. She walks up to Geoff, says something I can't hear, and hands him her badge. Geoff smiles and shakes her hand. Gwen walks back to me, smiling.

"Let's go!" She sings as I stand up. "See you tomorrow, Geoff!" She half-shouts, waving to Geoff. Geoff waves back with a white towel in one hand, smiling. The bell chimes again as we open the door and head out.

"What did you bring?" Gwen asks me as we start walking the dirt road to her house.

"Just Risk" I say to her. "But you've got plenty of things, right?"

"Oh yeah, all sorts!"

"So..." I say, changing the topic. "Tell me about that Manfred"

"Hmm" she says, thinking. "He knew about the vampire attack before it was on the radio, which said the body was found at midday in an alley"

"That's two hours after he found it..."

"Which means he didn't report it - but why?" She says, looking to me for the answer

"He's the vampire!"

"Yup - has to be" Gwen nods. "And if he's attracting vampire hunters, we need to get rid of him"

I stop quite suddenly as my bladder pangs - I need the toilet. Badly. I bend my knees and wince slightly

"Fangs right?" Gwen asks. "I meant to tell ou, they're going to hurt like mad when they come in"

"N-no - that's my bladder that time - can we walk a little quicker?"

"huh? Oh, sure!" Gwen says. "Do get ready for toothache when your fangs come in though"

"You could of told me that earlier!" I say, feeling relieved. "I was in agony at around midday - I was gonna call a dentist!"

"wow, check out my early bloomer! Show me your fangs!"

I run my tongue over my teeth and the size of my fangs almost startles me - they must be half an inch each, with a subtle hole on the inside of the tip. I grin and bare my teeth to Gwen, who ducks her head to get a good angle

"Ooh, those are some impressive teeth you've got! You be careful not to bite your-"

"Ow!"

"...tongue."

I tap my tongue with the tip of my finger and pull it back - there's a drip of blood.

"I thtill bleed?"

"Well yeah" Gwen says. "Every animal bleeds"

"Doesn't my blood do anything now?"

"It's corrosive to metal and glows in the dark"

"Really?"

"No" Gwen says, laughing. "Only thing different about it is that it won't feed a vampire - the one thing we can't do now is cannibalism"

"Well there goes my favourite hobby" I joke, and Gwen chuckles. "Ooh, I really need to go..."

"We're nearly at mine" Gwen says. She pulls her key out of her pocket. "And I've got the key too!"

We reach Gwen's house, by which time I'm bobbing up and down - the coffee really hit me hard. If I wasn't in company I'd probably be moaning, or looking for a large bush to hide behind. I can barely focus on talking I'm so desperate - which is why Gwen has taken to whistling. Every time she's tried speaking to me so far I've changed the subject with some form of 'God I have to go!' Or 'I think I'm gonna leak!'

She steps up to her doorway and fumbles for the keys on her key ring. There are about ten of all different ages, and I don't think Gwen even knows what they all do. I slide by bag off my back and rest it against the wall, while she jabs a key into a lock that won't take it. I hop foot to foot as she tries a second key, and I'm rocking back and forth as the lock rejects a third key

"G-Gwen, I'm gonna have to go in your front garden..."

"What? No, don't do that!"

I swing myself over the wall dividing the path from the garden and fiddle with my button. "I-I-I've got to, Gwen! I just felt a dribble going into my-"

*Chunk*

The fourth key works, and Gwen pushes her door open

"Get in, you! It's not easy to keep those roses looking so good - I don't want you pissing on them!"

Gwen's front garden is very well kept - despite needing to keep out of the sun so much, she has one of the nicest front gardens I've ever seen. I think she must work in it at night or something. I slide the button back into place and hop back onto the path - my foot catches the wall though and I fall on my face. As my forehead bounces off the stone path and I graze my hands, I barely even notice a hot squirt as my bladder takes the opportunity to jettison some of its cargo into my jeans, leaving a damp streak running up my crotch. Where I'm lying face down, gravity brings it running up me and the streak goes as far as my pocket. I clamber to my feet, hoping the streak won't look as bad as it feels. I look down to assess it - but Gwen does it best

"Alice" she says, giggling. "you look like you've got a penis"

The way the streak ran up me, it looks like it came about four inches below my belt loops and ran down, rather than running up. I feel myself blushing quite powerfully

"L-let's just get inside!"

Gwen laughs and leads me in, shutting the door behind me. I barely even register the hallway, being so desperate. She slinks past me, grabs me by the arm, and leads me in to the front room.

"Just leave your bag down here - I'll get us some tea while you use the bathroom"

I drop my bag in front of her sofa and kick my shoes off, and as I go to turn around Gwen grabs my arm again

"you're bleeding?"

"Huh? Oh yeah, Must of cut myself when I fell over"

"and pee'd"

"yeah...and that - what are you doing?"

Gwen has wiped the cut with a piece of tissue, and now she bringing my hand up to her mouth. She wraps her lips around the cut and sucks on it

"Gwen!"

"You need to apply pressure" she says through a mouthful of my wrist, tickling it with her tongue as she talks, making me giggle.

"And you're a new vampire, you still have some normal blood"

I giggle harder and feel another warmth between my legs. I wince and jam my free hand there in response.

"Thorry" Says Gwen, tickling me more. "Doeth thith tickle?"

I giggle harder and catch another hot jet, this time in my palm too. A couple drips hit Gwen's wooden floor

"Yes! Stop!"

She gives my cut one more lick with her little pink tongue, smirks, and lets me go. I go to step out the room when someone knocks on the door

"Expecting guests?" I ask, rubbing drool of my wrist with my other hand, replacing the drool with pee and instantly regretting it.

"No..." Gwen says, walking to the front room door and looking down the hallway. I lean around her, holding her shoulder for balance. Through the door's blurred glass windows I can make out three figures with wide brimmed hats.

"Alice" Gwen whispers. "We need to sneak upstairs. Quietly as you can"

I nod. Gwen crouches down, steps slowly to the stairs, and makes her way up on all fours. When I crouch down, another squirt escapes me - but I have to ignore it. Judging by Gwen's face, things could be a lot worse than wet pants right now. But judging on how my bladder is screaming at me - I'm going to be having very wet pants very soon.

We clamber to the top of the stairs and I follow Gwen onto the landing. The people downstairs knock again.

"They won't knock a third time" Gwen says. "We need to hide"

She steps forward and sneaks goes into the furthest room - a library full of Gwen's parent's books. She presses a little button under one of the shelves

"A s-secret room?" I ask, trying to be still as I can and also wavering side to side in an effort to meet my bloated bladder half way. Another dribble tells me that my bladder isn't one for compromise. Gwen pulls the bookshelf open

"Not a room - a cupboard - get in"

It's a tiny space behind the bookshelf, big enough for one person - or two if you don't mind being pressed breast to breast with someone. Luckily for me, Gwen has quite small breasts, and we manage to squeeze ourselves in. She pulls on a handle on the back of the bookshelf, closing us in.

"Now, keep quiet as you can" Gwen whispers. I can feel every breath against my chin - her breath is surprisingly pleasant for someone who drinks blood and so much coffee. We can barely move in the hiding space, which is bad for me - While I'm trying to cross my legs I've got my left thigh pressed between both of Gwen's

"sshh!"

"I'm not making any noise" Gwen whispers.

"That wasn't me!" I whisper back. "Actually, it was, but it's..."

"oh dear..." Gwen whispers - she can feel a warm trickle flow off my leg onto hers as she realises the hiss wasn't from my mouth. "Think you can hold it?" She asks. I shake my head.

Downstairs we hear a thump as someone opens the door forcefully. Three people come inside the house

"You're sure they're here?" Comes the first voice. A man's voice, cold and gruff.

"Two of them" comes the second voice. "This is their last known, err, house"

I press my thigh between Gwen's again as I try to hold onto myself more. I feel a stronger breath from her as she winces. I can just about make out her face in this light

"Y-Your parents..." I whisper. "They were vampires, right?"

"Y-yeah" she whispers back. "They moved out a month ago - looks like hunters were still a moth behind them"

I try to ignore the voices downstairs and the warm spurts coming from my own downstairs. "Why didn't you move?"

"I've never killed a victim. Not here anyway"

"A-and they - hnnn - did?"

"Yeah - are you about to lose it?" Gwen asks. I nod.

I can just about see her bite her lip. I moan softly as I feel my bladder tinging a little. I can feel her blushing - the heat from her face is surprisingly strong. As my bladder starts to heat up and take control of its own future, I do everything I can to stop. I place one hand between three thighs - two are mine - and I press my head forward

"A-Alice!" Gwen moans. "You're squashing my head into the wall"

"G-Gwen?"

"What?"

"I-I-I can't...."

I feel my bladder squeeze really hard, and I can hear a powerful hissing from inside my jeans. Inside this tiny cupboard the sounds is magnified ten fold. I can hear Gwen breathe in hard as the first wave of my pee spurts down both of our legs. I press my forehead into hers again as my entire body tenses. She's blushing really hard, the heat coming from her is almost as much as the heat inside my jeans. I stop the leak, but the damage is done. There's a streak of piss down both my legs to the ankles, and my socks have soaked up a fair bit too. I can't see Gwen's legs, but I can feel them, and based on that I would assume there's a wet streak from just below her skirt to her feet. At least she's wearing my tights. So I'm wetting my tights...

I'm wetting my tights...more importantly, I'm wetting myself! I blush red to match Gwen, and I try to hold back a sob

"Alicia"

I nod, our heads still together.

"Let it out very slowly"

I nod and very carefully go to let my bladder relax

FSSSSHHHHH!

A jet bursts out of me the second I relax my muscles - I only stop relaxing them and tighten them hard when something presses itself between my legs - Gwen's hand.

"Gently!" She hisses, taking her now-very-wet hand back from my - my self.

I don't know if I can do gently right now! I don't relax anything yet, I wait. I can hear dripping as pee hits the floor of the cupboard, having run down my jeans and slung itself off the leg-holes onto my - and Gwen's - feet. The heat runs down my legs, and the relief runs up my spine, as pee runs down my toes. When the drips fall quiet, I try again

A very subtle hissing sound emerges as I gently tell my bladder to empty itself. As the hissing returns, I feel a strangely pleasant feeling of hot water running over my crotch and thighs. My panties catch a lot of hit, and rather than letting it soak through, they hold the piss inside and force it out at the edges, resulting in a curious feeling of pee erupting over my thighs and down the front of my legs. However, the cotton doesn't hold back much, and pee begins to flood slowly through to the denim, and then through that, running over, under, and through the material. I moan gently as the relief of peeing battles with the effort to keep it controlled - a battle which I'm slowly losing as my bladder squeezes itself harder and harder. I drum my toes on the floor in an effort to hold back, but when I hear a wet patting sound rather than a dry drumming, the urge just rises, until I lurch and my bladder wins entirely, and a fierce hiss fills the tiny cupboard.

"Alice! Alice!" Gwen whispers, but I barely register them as my legs go limp and my body presses into hers, grinning and sighing as piss cascades over the two of our legs. She tries to push me off but gives in and sighs as she looks to the side and lets me have my relief. She holds her leg between mine to catch the drops and mask the sound they'd make when they hit the floor, surprisingly effectively. I'm moaning softly with each breath, and though I feel sorry for pushing into Gwen, the sense of relief knocks any other thought out the cupboard. By now the dripping of water onto wood has become the splashing of water onto water as the bottom of the cupboard fills with pee. I push my body off of hers as the world comes back to me and the rest of my bladder slowly empties down us.

"Better?" She asks, pee still trickling out of me.

"Y-yeah..."

We stand in silence, breast to breast, as my bladder runs dry and our legs run quite the opposite. As I move my toes I realise that the hiding cupboard is quite water tight, and now me and Gwen are stood in a tiny puddle that won't shrink until we open the door. Or our socks soak up all of it, which is unlikely, given that my socks are water logged and probably see-through. It also means that the smell won't be going anytime soon either. That was okay when the cupboard smelled like wood, but now it smells of fresh urine and two girl's sweat. But mostly urine.

Now that my bladder is nice and empty, I let my leg slide down again from between Gwen's thighs. And now that the cupboard is quiet again, we can hear the voices outside. They're upstairs now, looking through the rooms. They're being very quiet, but we can hear foot steps - coming close to the bookshelf

I swallow hard, and so does Gwen. There's a dull thump as one of the people leans against the bookshelf. I jump and run my leg back up again, Gwen - moans?

A soft moan, but not a wince like you might expect if someone ran their knee into your - between your legs. Gwen realises this, and I feel her blush again. Well, blush more, she's been blushing since I started wetting myself. And so have I. But Gwen didn't have a reason to be embarrassed...

We must wait in the hiding chamber for an hour while the three rooted about the house, and then another ten minutes while they replaced the door - which was very good of them!

"They need to cover their tracks" Gwen explains. "How do your fangs feel? Are you used to them yet?"

"I've only had them for like a day, might be a while until I get used to them"

"Can I feel them?"

"What?"

"Vampires are proud of their fangs - can I feel yours? For comparison?"

"Uh, sure" . I answer. No reason she shouldn't. I feel her wriggle her arms about and struggle to get them above our waists. "Or maybe not" I say

"H-here, let me..."

She presses her lips around mine and runs her tongue over my teeth. I can barely believe what's happening - I don't know what's going on! N-now's my chance though - I kiss her! I press my face into hers and wrap my tongue around hers, and I wrap my arms over her-

"Alice!"

She pulls her head back as much as she can, bumping it into the wood. We both blush fiercely in our little wooden box.

"I was just-" she starts. "Wanted to....I just..."

"sorry, that was on me..." I mumble, feeling very silly. Firstly, a kiss like that is something quite surprising to out on a friend, secondly, I've only just finished pissing myself! "I-I got carried away..."

The two of us stand in the box, not making eye contact, like we're trying to avoid each other, despite our bodies physically pressing together.

After a short while, the people downstairs go silent and we hear them leaving. But neither of us go to open the box.

"N-no hard feelings, r-right?"

Gwen looks at me, smirks, and presses her lips into mine again, then pulls away slowly, holding onto my top lip for a second longer as she does. "Y-yeah...no hard feelings".

She opens the bookshelf, and the collected piss swamps out onto the floor. I can hear Gwen sigh as it spreads out over the wooden floor.

In the light of the room, the damage becomes clear - and so does the air. My blue jeans are soaked top to bottom, save for the waistband and the outer sides near the top. Gwen' legs glisten too, showing them to be just as wet. My socks, once thin, white, dry cotton, are now yellow-ish and see through, and still pretty warm. I look up at Gwen, who hasn't stopped blushing yet.

"That's the second time you've gone to kiss me, isn't it?" Says Gwen. I blush and nod, and look back at the floor. "Aren't we supposed to go out for dinner first?"

I chuckle and run one foot in circles on the floor. She grabs me by the hand. I look at her, and she at me.

"I'm serious, Alice. I'm taking you out to dinner"

"R-really?"

"Yeah, I need to teach you how to feed, right?" She says with a grin. I smile at her and nod.

"For now though, we have some cleaning to do"

*013*2017-08-22 03:17

I look down at the risk board. Gwen's red army has conquered its way across Russia, Europe, Africa, America and Asia, but my green forces still hold out in Oceania. Until Gwen rolls her dice at me and with two sixes storms into Indonesia. I frown. She notices and giggles.

It's late enough to be dark outside, and me and Gwen are playing board games in her room. We're both lying on her carpeted floor, both in her pyjamas. I hadn't the foresight to bring my own, and I'd had an accident in my normal clothes, so Gwen fished a set of PJs out of her wardrobe for me. They're plain pyjamas - a pair of dark beige pants and a white tee, a little snug by surprisingly comfortable. They're too big for Gwen, but I'm a fair bit bigger than her. That's not to say I'm overweight, Gwen is just very small. She's wearing her favourite set of pyjamas, a grey furry footless onesie that buttons down the front. It would never fit me, but little Gwen is more somewhere inside it than wearing it. She catches me staring at her and grins a wide grin, bearing her fangs. Usually she's quite careful to hide her teeth, so she looks so much more relaxed when she doesn't.

"Everything alright there?" She asks me, tilting her head. I shake mine and point to my poor little horseman in Western Australia, who's sat looking quite glumly in the direction of two red cannons to the north.

"You're sure you don't want to surrender?" I ask her. She laughs and pushes one of the cannons into my territory, then picks up the dice. She rolls them in my direction again, and as they clatter on the board I hear my phone go off in my bag. I get up off the floor, head over to my bag and pull out my phone. It's just an alert from my provider, nothing interesting.

"That's the risk alarm" I tell Gwen. "It means that we have to end the game. I'm going to call this one a win for me"

"You are not!" Gwen laughs. "You're going to sit back down and get conquered!"

"You never know" I say, slumping back down onto my chest on the floor. "Maybe this one guy is the best defender I've ever had!". I roll the dice. Three ones. "Or maybe he doesn't know how swords work". I pick him off the board and swap him out for three foot-soldiers. Gwen's about to roll her dice again when the front door opens downstairs.

"Again?" Gwen sighs, lifting herself to her feet. "Come on, you, let's get back in the cupboard"

"How do they keep getting in?" I ask

"They must have took the lock out" she answers. "I don't think it's safe to stay here tonight"

Gwen unceremoniously dumps the risk game into the box and puts it back on the shelf, and we hurry back to the bookshelf, open it, and hide inside again. Downstairs we can hear three people rooting about and looking for signs of us. We've done our best to not touch anything we don't need downstairs, except the kettle. We've both had a couple cups of tea. I can feel the blood drain from my face as I remember that I've left a full, warm tea cup in Gwen's room.

"Hey! You okay?" Gwen whispers to me. I'm surprised she can see me at all in this light. "You don't need the toilet again, do you?"

"I-I left my tea in your room" I whisper back. I can hear Gwen suck in air as she recoils

"Quick! Go get it!"

I gently push the shelf open and peek outside. I go to put a toe out the door when the sound of heavy boots on the stairs resounds up the hallway and Gwen pulls me back in, shutting the door after me. I can feel her staring at me in the darkness.

"Hey, Jerry!" Comes a muffled call from outside. "There's a tea cup in here".

"Great work Alf, you found a teacup!" Comes a second voice from downstairs. "That's great news for us teacup hunters, ain't it!?"

"Jerry, I'm serious! It's full of tea, and it's still warm...someone's been here!"

"You what?" Comes the second voice, followed by the clambering of boots up the stairs. We hear him enter Gwen's room and then they talk too quietly for us to make out the words.

"W-what did you do with your cup?" I ask Gwen. She presses it into my arm, before lifting it to her face and taking a sip. As the smell of her tea reaches me I feel a bit silly and a bit jealous. Now I really want some tea...

"Hey!" Comes on of the voices. The second voice, Jerry's. "We know you're here! Come out and make this easy for all of us!"

"Don't do that, of course" Gwen says to me. As if she really needed to.

The cupboard itself is silent as ever, making the footsteps and movements outside and inside that much louder. I can hear Gwen's every breath, and feel them against my neck.

"Alice?"

"yeah?

"I gotta pee"

I look at her for a moment, my eyebrows raised and face pulled tight. She headbutts me in the boob as she tries to stop herself laughing. Real funny.

"s-sorry!" She whispers. "I couldn't resist!"

"Gwen, you're going to get us both killed" I whisper back.

She tries to stand up straight again, all the while holding back giggles. "S-sorry" she says, trying to sound genuine. I think she can tell I don't find it quite so funny.

The footsteps come out of Gwen's room and toward the library.

"I'll take a look around here" the first man says, walking closer. "All these bookshelves, gotta be something hidden"

I hear Gwen swallow hard.

"Yeah, sure" says the second man. "Me and Annie will have another look downstairs, give us a shout if you find anything" he says, heading back down.

The man steps onto the wooden floor of the library and stands by one of the bookshelves. We hear his hands pattering up and down the shelves, removing and replacing the books, looking for something. Our shelf - the false shelf - is the third one from him.

There's nothing we can do but wait as the man taps and pats the shelves, inching closer and closer to us. Gwen' breathing has become a little harder and faster, and she's drumming her toes - I can feel them rub against mine sometimes. I can feel her chest moving in and out as we're pressed together in this cupboard, which feels like it's getting tighter and tighter, trapping us until the hunter pulls us out. He pulls of book after book, putting them back carefully, moving agonisingly slowly toward us. Gwen had told me earlier that they put everything back as they find it to hide the fact they were ever around, but he's moving so slowly I'd rather he'd just trash the place. He's getting close enough to us now that we can tell the size and weight of every book by the sound it makes as he moves them. We can almost hear the grooves in his skin as the run over the wooden shelves.

Every second seems like hours as the man taps about. He's taking books of the shelves and tapping the backboard to see if it's hollow. He puts the books back and moves an inch to the side. He must be on the shelf next to us by now. Gwen's breaths are quivering and scared, and So are mine. My palms are sweaty, and adrenaline is coursing through me.

A few inches from my ear some books are pulled back, and then there's a harsh tapping on the board. I can feel a hot wet spot appear between my thighs as my bladder betrays me for just a second, but long enough to leave a visible stain in these thin pyjamas.

"Hollow..." the man whispers outside. I look at Gwen - she's paler than usual, her eyes are wide open. I can hear his hands running under the shelves, one at a time, starting at the bottom. I can barely stifle a whimper as another dribble falls into my PJs and doesn't stop - I'm slowly wetting myself as the man runs his hand over the next shelf. Gwen looks at the growing patch, then casts me a sympathetic look.

"Hnn? A button?"

Oh dear...

*click*

As soon as he pushes the button, Gwen pushes with all her strength into the shelf, forcing it open and knocking the man to his backside - she pulls at my hand and without realising we're both darting down toward the stairs!

"Hey, you! Stop!" The man shouts, clambering to his feet. "Guys! I found them!"

Me and Gwen storm down the stairs, Gwen kicking aimlessly at one of the people who come out of her front room to meet us at the bottom of the stairs. She catches him in the waist and knocks him just enough out of balance that she can throw him over with a second push, before she darts down her hallway and toward the kitchen. A third person - a woman - steps into sight from the other end of the hall and grabs Gwen from behind as she tries to run past. I try to stop but end up barging into the woman, knocking the three of us to the floor.

"Dammit, get them!" The woman shouts, grabbing at Gwen's feet as Gwen does her best to scramble forward. I try to get up too, but trip over the woman's foot in the process, throwing myself on top of her and pinning her to the floor, giving Gwen enough time to run through the kitchen and into her back garden. I grab the woman's head and press it down into the floor to lift myself up and I follow Gwen out of the house.

Gwen sprints toward the garden fence - which is as tall as she is - grabs it with one hand and throws herself over it. I try to do the same thing but crash on top of the fence and flip over it, landing on my back on the other side. I scramble to my feet and dart after Gwen.

After three minutes of sprinting I catch up to her, leaning against a tree and panting hard as she catches her breath.

"That....hahh, that was close" I pant, leaning against the tree with her. "Who, hahh, where they?"

Gwen pants for a moment before she answers. "Vampire hunters. Definitely. And now they know we're here...did they see your face?"

"I-I don't think so" I say between breaths. "What now?"

Gwen stands up and takes a moment to catch her breath. "Well, they won't have followed us in all their hunter gear...we could head to your place"

"Sure" I say. I look down at my PJs. There's a thick wet line down one leg where fear got the better of me. Seeing it makes me blush quite hard.

"Don't worry about it" Gwen says. "At least we don't have to clean up this time!"

I giggle. Gwen always knows what to say when I'm feeling down. She smiles at me.

"Come on then, tinkles!" She says. "Let's get you home!"

Luckily for the two of us, there's no one around. We walk through the dirt path past the coffee shop, and at this time of night the way is almost completely black. We must be quite a sight - two girls walking through a forest, barefoot in their pyjamas. One of them having wet themselves...at least Gwen's onesie has a hood to obscure her face. I just have to rely on not being seen at all.

We walk up the pathway to my front door. I turn to look at Gwen. Her grey PJs blend in to the darkness, but her icy white hands and feet stand out. Her face would too, if it wasn't under her hood. They almost seem to glow under the light of the street lamps. Each splatter of mud is clear, contrasting strongly to her skin. She's stood quite limply, with her feet both pointed inward. She's clearly very tired.

I turn back to the door and pull my key out the pocket of the PJs - I'd made a point of keeping my key on me at all times after I'd managed to lock myself out one time last year. My luck being what it is, I'd needed the toilet quite badly. I had to call the police to let me in, and as they arrived I was just starting to wet myself...not something I wanted to repeat.

I push the key in and turn it, and we step inside. We head up to my room and I climb onto my bed. I push myself to the far side, and Gwen sits down on the end.

"There's a few things I need to..." Gwen starts, then yawns. "That I need to tell you..." she says.

"Tell me tomorrow, Gwen" I say to her. "You look like you're about to pass out"

"y-yeah..." she says, then yawns again. She lies down in my bed with me and turns to face me. She smiles at me with half open eyes. "G'night, Alice..." she mumbles, before drifting off. I hadn't meant for her to sleep in the same bed as me, but I haven't the heart to kick her out. Instead I smile back at her.

She's completely asleep almost immediately. She lies next to me, mouth open, breathing gently toward me. A few white strands of hair fall down her face, and move with her every breath.

I hope she isn't a bedwetter...

*016*2017-08-23 05:40

I wake up.

I'd try to put that more interestingly but that's it; I wake up. I didn't have a nightmare that shook me awake, I didn't interrupt a beautiful dream by waking up. There's not an alarm or any interesting noise, I just wake up. Gwen isn't shaking me awake and offering me tea and breakfast in bed - she's still sleeping soundly next to me. There aren't vampire hunters stood over us with stakes. I just wake up.

I like mornings like this, where I just wake up and feel like I've had a pleasant sleep. I sit up and look over to the clock on the wall. Ten. The light outside tells me it's ten in the morning, not ten at night. Gwen will be working an afternoon shift at the coffee shop today, so we aren't late yet.

I look at Gwen. She looks so peaceful in her sleep. She's lying on her front, her head resting on one arm, and her other hand is sat palm-down in front of her. A strand or two of hair hang over her half-open mouth, lifting and falling in time with her slow breaths. You wouldn't have thought she'd have run through a forest last night, if it wasn't for the mud on her bare feet poking out the leg-holes of her grey onesie. Her fingers and toes twitch ever so slightly as she dreams. A few of the buttons that hold the front of the onesie closed have come undone at some point, and I can't help but look at her otherwise naked body underneath. Usually she'd be wearing something underneath...N-not that I pay attention or anything.

I lie back down and smile. There's something so cosy about being in bed with her. It's nice and warm in bed with her, and her gentle breaths are comforting. I turn my head over and look at her, still sleeping. I let my eyes half close while I lie there.

I kinda need the toilet.

There's always something that ruins it, and right now it's my bladder. I'm a little surprised, considering that my own pyjamas are still slightly damp from last night. Not uncomfortably damp, it's more or less body temperature, but still damp. I could always make it damper...

No, no! I'm not going to wet the bed because I'm feeling lazy. I'd have to clean up later, and it would get cold before long, and it might smell, and I'd get Gwen wet, and it wouldn't be clean.

I still kinda want to though. I dont of course, I'll just hold it for now. I'll wait until Gwen wakes up before I do go though - I couldn't wake her up! She looks so relaxed there, I'd hate to be the one to interrupt it! So I won't, I'll lie here and wait.

I've been lying for about half an hour, just now enjoying being in bed, all comfy and warm and pretending I don't really need to pee. It is getting a little bit boring now though, even with Gwen looking so cosy next to me. She's lying on side now, one leg slumped over the other, knee pointed toward me. She doesn't look so relaxed now though, she almost seems slightly troubled. Judging by the way she's twitching, she must be having a bad dream.

"nuuhh...." she mumbles into the pillow. There's a thin line of dribble running from her bottom lip to the pillow now, too. I wonder what she's dreaming about...

"I-I...nnn...." she goes on. "Y-yeahhh..". She stops twitching now, and her face falls back to being relaxed. I smile at her, I guess her bad dream must be over!

"mmmmm...."

She smiles gently in her sleep, and I try to imagine what she's thinking of...never mind, I know exactly what she's thinking of.

A tiny thin line runs over her thigh and lands on the mattress, and a small puddle begins to form where it meets the bed. Her gentle smile turns into a grin and a slight trickling sound emerges from between her legs as her first dribble grows into a small stream running out of her, over her thigh and into my bed.

There's something strangely cute about watching her wetting the bed - a child like innocence, seeing her so happy and relaxed as a small warm puddle grows around her and soaks into the mattress. I smile and lean back as she relieves herself in her sleep, in her bed. Well, my bed,

Wait, no, my bed! She's wetting my bed! Err, I need to stop her! I grab her by the shoulder and shake her quite hard - she wakes up with a yelp.

"Alice, what are you-"

She doesn't finish her question, instead she pulls a face and looks toward her legs. When she sees the puddle she flushes bright red. She sits still for a moment, looking and blushing and not saying a word.

"Dreamt you found a toilet?" I ask. She nods slowly. "We've all been there!" I tell her. "Where was it?"

"W-well, I was in a dungeon, a-and there were these goblins, and they wouldn't let me, err, go, but then one broke me out and took me to a toilet, b-but there was a queue and I wet m-myself..."

"Huh, you wet yourself in the dream too? Usually I make it to the toilet in my dream. Of course I haven't when I wake up! You seemed awfully happy about it though"

She blushes more - I didn't think she could, but she does. "Uhh, I-I just really h-had to go! M-mind if I go to the bathroom?"

"Haven't you already?" I smirk

"I n-need to get changed" she says.

"You bought clothes with you?"

Her eyes widen as she realises her situation. She's at my house with nothing to wear but a wet onesie, and none of my clothes will fit her.

"Do you want me to head over to your place and pick you some clothes up?" I ask her. She shakes her head.

"N-no, there might still be hunters" she says, standing up next to my bed. The puddle on the bed is the size of a large plate and is roughly in the shape of the outline of Gwen's thigh and waist. Her PJs bare a similar stain, with two dark lines, one over the front of her thigh and the other down the curve of her ass, leading into a big dark patch over her left thigh and going down so far as her knee. A couple more drips fall off the material and onto the floor. She stands with her feet pressed together, looking down at them, still quite embarrassed.

"Want me to get you some new stuff? I can head over to the clothes shop and get you something for now"

"Uhh, sure...t-thanks"

"You go get yourself cleaned up then, I'm gonna get changed and head out". She smiles at me, nods, and heads into the bathroom. I pull of my pyjamas. As I pic up my comfy grey sweatpants off the floor I hear her turning on the shower, reminding me how badly I need to go. Well, she's in the bathroom now, so I can't barge in, and I'm half dress already...better hurry up getting her something to wear. I throw on a grey top, then a hoodie, then slide my feet into a pair of trainers. I probably look smarter in the pyjamas now that I think about it, even with the wet bit.

I head out the door and down the road, ignoring my bladder the whole way. By the time I reach the clothes shop I'm almost breaking into a sweat trying to look normal and not desperate for a wee. I head inside and look around. I know the kind of thing Gwen likes to wear...so I'm going to get her the exact opposite. She likes greys and blacks, right? I hope she likes vibrant lime green and hot pink, too!

After ten minutes of rummaging around and holding myself when I think nobody is looking, I've collected an outfit for Gwen - baby green sweatpants with a grey line down one leg, a plain yellow tee, and a red cut off hoodie. And some cheap purple trainers. She can get underwear later, I'm just getting her essentials. As a queue up to buy them, squeezing my legs, I try not to giggle to myself .

The queue is agonisingly slow, and I can only stand on one foot and weight as the three people in front take as long as they can. The cashier seems to be deliberately making mistakes just to spite my bladder. I can't stop myself looking around as I try to make sure no ones watching me squirm on the spot. I must look mad, squirming, looking around, and buying the Ghanaian flag in clothes form. I know for a fact the pants will be too small and should hang an inch or so above her ankles. I have to stop myself laughing again - each giggle threatens to blow my bladder open. I try to focus on something else.

By the time I reach the counter I'm sweating a little, and I'm certain it's showing. I can feel my armpits getting damper, and beads of sweat are beginning to form on my forehead. Luckily for me, they're both hidden my a hoodie and my unkempt hair. Mostly.

The cashier takes my clothes from me. She looks at them all individually, then looks at me and raises an eyebrow. I could burst out laughing there and then, but I'd burst my bladder open too, and that's something I want to avoid, which is why I'm shuffling side to side on my side of the counter. Subtly is becoming less of an option for me as my bladder threatens to give up if I don't find somewhere to go soon.

The cashier takes the clothes, almost holding them at arms length, and runs them under the scanner one by one, taking her precious time to really savour every moment. Meanwhile I'm swapping which foot I keep on the ground and leaning side to side, doing everything I can to hold back desperate moans. Right as she scans the last thing - the yellow tee - I fail in my effort to keep quiet, and I let out a moan. In the silent queue it seems to reverberate and echo, and I flush bright red. The cashier just looks at me like she's had enough already. I smile weakly and she just sighs as she hands me my bag. I pull my card out my pocket, quite hard to do while I'm not keeping my legs still, and swipe it in. I tap in my PIN, get told I did it wrong, and do it again, only much more urgently the second time. It accepts it, takes a moment, and then it prints out a receipt for me. I take it, smile my goodbye to the cashier, and hurry out the store.

If it wasn't so busy out I might think about running down the street, but instead I walk. Every step is felt in my bladder ten fold. As I walk briskly back to my flat I break out into a sweat again in my effort to look natural. About halfway back I give up on that effort and stop dead in my tracks, bend over and hold myself hard! God it feels easier now! I carry on walking home with one hand between my legs, blushing and staring at the floor, hoping that no one I know will see me.

I make it to my front door, and after hopping up the little walk way, I fumble at my left pocket for my keys. That pocket's empty, so I try the right. Also empty. Oh no...I try again, feeling in my left pocket. Nothing. I moan and bend at my knees, almost ready to give up and pull my pants down on the spot. I try once more in my right pocket, now with my right leg lifted and bent tight. It's there! I yank the key out and drop it.

I grumble and bend down to pick it up. Bending down puts a lot of reassure on my bladder, and I feel a hot dribble run out of me. I blush as I stand up with the key and jam it at the key hole. It fits in. I twist it. It doesn't move. Just my luck.

I twist again. Nothing. I jiggle it about and it turns. I stamp my foot down and wince as my bladder squeezes itself as a warning. No leak, but the next one will be! I push the door open, turn around and nearly slam it shut. I'm in! I head to my bathroom - to my and my bladder's dismay, the shower is still running. I just want to pee!

"Gwen! I'm back!"I shout, banging on the bathroom door. I hear a yelp as I make her jump inside, followed by the clatter of something to the floor, probably shampoo or something.

"Won't be a moment!" She says from inside, but I don't have a moment! I stand outside, stamping one foot after the other on the floor in a desperate attempt to hold everything back. Now that I'm inside, I don't have to restrict how I hold, so I grip myself with two hands and moan as I stamp on the spot.

"Ha-ah! Let me in!"

"Hold on!"

At this point I'm more or less jogging on the spot, just waiting for Gwen to get out before I - uh oh.

I stop stamping, I grab myself, and I bend over double. Oh god, this is it!

My bladder squeezes hard once, but with all my effort I hold it back. I breath in hard. My bladder squeezes again. This time I moan and bite my lip. I only just stay dry. Round three. My bladder squeezes again. I hold it, hold it, hold it! N-no! A squirt escapes as the last second - now my bladder knows it can beat me. With one more squeeze it does.

I wince and tense up as my bladder squeezes hard, and before I know what's happening there's a powerful gush of hot liquid into my hands and a loud hiss to go with it. I gasp for air as the spurt stops, but before I'm ready for the next wave my bladder squeezes even harder, and a powerful jet of piss runs down my legs and into my shoes. I stand still, gasping for air as the last wave ends, but the damage is done. My legs are wet, top to toe. Only on the inside of my legs, but it's still clearly visible. And very, very warm.

I stand for a moment and hope that that's the last of it, but I can feel my bladder getting ready to go again. I know I haven't got long, so to minimise damage, I kick one shoe off and toss it to one side. As I kick at the other shoe with my now bare foot, a small dribble begins falling out of me. I get the shoe off and kick it to one side, and as it lands I hear the shower go silent in the bathroom door - she must be done soon! T-then I can pee!

I stand up, knees together, feet apart and pointed inwards. My hands are between my already wet thighs, and my face is tightly closed wherever it can be. I just have to wait...until Gwen opens the door! Just wait.....just....wait....just.....hng! Just wait!

I can't wait! My bladder tenses again and a jet of pee squirts through my fingers and splatters onto the floor. I gasp for breath, and my bladder gets ready to go again.

"Okay Alice, there you-"

Gwen opens the door to catch that last squeeze. She blushes immediately. I look her in the eye for a second before -

Hng!

My bladder tenses up again and I fall to my knees. As a hiss thunders through my sweatpants and pee splashes over my legs, I grasp for something to lean on. I meant to grab the doorway, but what I actually grab is Gwen's still wet thigh. I don't have time to say anything though, as my body tenses again and my bladder let's everything pour out of me! I'm sat on my knees, holding Gwen's leg, peeing full force into my comfy pants, and I can't stop! I can feel pee cascading between and over my legs, pouring through the sweatpants and crashing around my knees and growing quite quickly into a puddle. I moan and whimper a couple of times in response to the mix of relief, defeat and embarrassment as I completely and totally wet myself in front of Gwen, again.

I sigh as I give up any last resistance I have left in me. Pee splatters all around me as the warm shiver of relief runs up my spine. The material of my sweatpants soaks in all the pee it can, spreading a warm dark patch around my legs, reaching up and around my crotch and all down my thighs. Gwen just stands there and lets me support myself on her pale leg, even as the puddle growing beneath me envelops her right foot. I stare at her foot as the puddle continues to grow. She drums her toes once, sending a ripple back at me, to mirror the ripples coming from the endless stream splashing between my legs.

It takes a full minute for me to stop. Sixty seconds from the moment I gave up to the moment I can feel the stream stop from pouring out of me. I sigh as it does, and I dare to look up at Gwen. I only now realise she's completely naked, and how high up my hand is on her thigh. I can feel the heat from her on my knuckles.

"Finished?" She asks. I nod. "You know, I almost feel sorry for you" she says, and she takes my wet hands in hers and helps me to my feet. "But then I saw the clothes you bought me". I chuckle. "You go get in the shower, we can discuss this when you're done" she says. I walk into the bathroom and shut the door behind me. I peel of my still warm sweatpants and put them to one side, then I take off my hoodie and top and leave them somewhere else. I turn on the shower and climb in.

When I get out the shower, towel wrapped around me, I open the bathroom door. Gwen is sat, still naked, on my sofa, with her new clothes laid out in front of her. I grin as she looks up at me. She smiles an annoyed smile at me.

"Don't they fit?" I ask her innocently, trying not to laugh. She rests one arm on the back of the sofa, and rests her head in that hand. "I made sure to get clothes that will keep the sun away" I say sweetly. She raises her eyebrow.

"First of all" she begins. "There's no underwear. Second of all, I'm gonna look like a fruit salad"

I can't hold back my laughter any more - I laugh loudly while Gwen casts me a look between a glare and an unimpressed smile.

"I made us both tea" she says once I stop giggling. I wipe away the tears from my eyes and take a seat opposite Gwen, casting my towel to one side. "I'm not getting dressed until I have to" she says, picking up her tea cup. "When I do though, we're going back to the clothes shop, I'm going to get some new stuff, and then I'm going to come back here and get changed" I giggle again.

"Sure" I say. Then you've got work this afternoon. I'll head up with you, but I've got some washing to do when I get back, so I'll stay for just the one coffee" I say to her. She smiles.

"Oh, don't forget, I'm going to take you out for dinner tonight" she says.

"You are?"

"Yeah!" She says, taking another sip. "I need to teach you how to feed!"
