Nurse has to pee very urgently

Author: Discovery29b

*000*2025-09-13 17:37

It was a chaotic day on the ward, and Sarah, a seasoned nurse, hadn't had a moment to herself since her shift began. Her bladder had been pressing for hours. The work at the patient's bedside demanded her full attention, but the pressure in her lower abdomen was becoming unbearable. She tried to appear unfazed, but the constant urge to find a restroom made her increasingly restless. Subconsciously, she found herself crossing her legs while standing, a tell-tale sign she tried to hide.

Her colleague, Laura, also a nurse, noticed the tension. She saw Sarah's strained posture and crossed legs as she spoke with a patient. Laura quietly approached Sarah and whispered, "You desperately need to go to the bathroom, don't you?" Sarah's expression gave everything away. She just moved slightly, unable to speak, as she could barely handle the discomfort any longer. "Go, I'll take over here," Laura said firmly. With a deep sigh of relief, Sarah excused herself and practically ran toward the staff restroom.

The door clicked shut behind her. Finally. She quickly lowered her scrubs and underwear and sat on the toilet. A long, liberating sigh escaped her throat as the warm stream of urine began. The sound of the powerful flow hitting the water was music to her ears. A deep groan of relief followed. She felt the pressure release, and a wave of relaxation washed over her body. The stream gradually weakened until it finally ceased.

She stood up, wiped, and pulled her clothes back up. The sense of relief was profound. She washed her hands and looked in the mirror. Her face, once tense, now looked calm and at ease. The stress had disappeared. "That was the most liberating trip to the bathroom of my life," she murmured to herself. Feeling completely renewed, she opened the door and returned to the ward, ready to tackle the rest of her shift.

