A Long Meeting

Author: DblCrossedLegs

*000*2017-05-15 18:51

Jenny drank from her complimentary bottle of water and sat in her chair. She had barely made it to the meeting on time, stopping for starbucks despite the long line of cars in the drive thru. She hoped her coffee breath wasn’t bad, she had downed her venti coffee black, she liked it strong.

As the meeting progressed, Jenny found herself tapping her foot. Her stop for coffee had left her with no time for a quick bathroom stop and the drink had made its way to her bladder quickly. She hoped they didn’t have to talk for too much longer…

The meeting was dragging out. Jenny was getting more and more desperate. Her legs were crossed twice, at thighs and ankles, and she was thinking about sneaking a hand between her legs. She tried not to rock too much but she couldn’t help some movement when a wave a desperation came through. She switched her legs and slid one hand off the table. Slowly, she moved her hand to grab herself discreetly. She was going to wet herself if the meeting didn’t end soon.

Come on, come on! She thought desperately. The meeting was coming to a close but people just kept talking to say “one more thing before we head out.” Jenny was almost squirming in her seat. She felt a bit of wetness leak through her pantyhose and onto her hand which was pressed tight against herself. She rubbed her thighs together and hunched over a bit willing this meeting to be over already. The small spot of wetness drove her nuts. She didn’t want to wet herself in front of her colleagues, but it was looking more and more likely that she would leave a puddle in her spot at the table. Finally her boss spoke.

“Alright, we’re done here, everyone can get back to work now. Great meeting guys!”

Jenny rushed out of the room, trying to look normal, but knowing that she wasn’t fully succeeding.

“What’s wrong, you looked upset all meeting?” Sarah asked her, stopping her in the hallway.

“Just cramps.” Jenny managed to squeak out.

“I’ve got some midol?” Sarah suggested.

“I’ll be fine.” Jenny replied, gritting her teeth. “I’ll be back to my desk in a minute” She added, already heading towards the bathroom again.

It was just around the corner, she could feel herself leak again just thinking about the toilets. She grabbed herself and ran straight into the empty bathroom. When she got in a stall she fumbled with the lock, trying to hold herself with one hand while securing the door with the other. She could feel pee dribbling down her legs as she finally locked the door. She didn’t have time to take off her panties, she just pulled up her skirt and sat on the toilet, sighing happily as pee rushed out of her hissing as it passed through her tights and panties.

When the flow finally stopped she took off her soaked undergarments and rung them out as best she could. The panties were ruined but the tights had survived after being washed in the bathroom sink.

Jenny decided she would go commando that day.

