A Battle of Wills

Author: Dragon

*000*2024-09-19 01:28

You groggily blink awake, your eyes adjusting to the soft morning light filtering through the room. As you stir, you feel an immediate, unfamiliar resistance—your arms and legs are restrained, tied snugly to the bedposts. Before panic can set in, you see her. Your girlfriend stands at the foot of the bed with a playful, knowing smile on her face, her short, vibrant red hair looks cute with a slight bed-head. She’s dressed in her sexiest green boyshort panties and matching bra, the color contrasting beautifully with her fiery hair and pale skin.

"Good morning, sleepyhead," she coos, her voice light and teasing. Your eyes trace her figure, your heart racing as you take in the sight. That familiar stirring in your groin begins almost immediately, but then, a nagging pressure in your bladder brings you back to another pressing reality. You realize you really need to pee.

She seems to read your mind, tilting her head with a wicked grin. "Looks like somebody needs to go potty," she teases, walking toward the bed with deliberate slowness, her hips swaying in that way she knows drives you wild.

You tug lightly at the ropes, a mix of anticipation and frustration building within you. She climbs onto the bed, straddling your waist with a soft laugh, her warm body pressing down against you. The thin fabric of her panties rubs against your jeans, the pressure from her hips sending a jolt of pleasure through you, but it also intensifies the growing need in your bladder.

Her hands rest on your chest as she leans down, her face inches from yours. "Let's play a game," she whispers, her breath hot against your skin. "I'll be trying to make my big strong boyfriend have a little... embarrassing accident. And you..." She grinds her hips against yours, causing you to bite back a moan. "...you’ll be trying to make me cum."

Your body betrays you as the arousal builds, your dick hardening beneath her, but the desperate need to pee hasn’t faded. She shifts her hips again, more firmly this time, and the sensation is maddening. Your bladder pulses with each movement, making it harder and harder to focus on anything else. You’re torn between the burning desire she’s stoking and the mounting pressure that’s threatening to spill over.

"Not too hard right? A big boy like you can hold it until he satisfies his girlfriend right?"

She notices your squirming and giggles, her fingers brushing through your hair as she moves her hips in slow, deliberate circles. “Come on, baby, how long can you hold it?” Her voice is dripping with amusement as she tests your control, adding a slight bounce to her movements. The added pressure so close to your bulging bladder makes you gasp, your muscles tensing in an effort to keep control.

You clench your fists, trying to focus on the game, trying to push back against the need to go, but she’s making it so difficult. The friction of her body against yours, the intoxicating scent of her skin, the way her green panties hug her curves, the slight damp patch on them from her arousal—all of it is too much. You groan as her grinding becomes more insistent, and she lets out a soft moan in response, clearly enjoying the effect she’s having on you.

“Your turn,” you growl through clenched teeth, trying to shift your hips up against her, despite the restraints. You know how sensitive she is, and as you press into her rhythm, you feel her breath hitch. Her eyes flutter shut for a moment, and a tiny whimper escapes her lips. You can tell you’re getting to her, but she doesn’t let up. If anything, she moves faster, her panties dampening against your crotch as her arousal grows.

But each movement also brings you closer to your own limit. The teasing pressure on your bladder becomes unbearable, your body begging for release, but the thrill of her touch keeps you hanging on. You can’t help but moan as you feel your control slipping.

She notices. “Oh, poor baby, you’re so close, aren’t you?” she whispers, her voice breathy now, betraying her own growing desperation. But she’s still in control, still teasing you with every grind of her hips.

Time for you to play your last and best card before you lose the game. Knowing how much she loves seeing you desperate. You give her the most panicky and desperate voice you can staring right into her eyes, all the while grinding faster against the crotch of her panties.

"Please baby, I don't think I can hold it much longer. If you don't untie me I'm going to have an accident. All that wine from last night is bursting to get out. I can already feel it fighting to get out. It's all I can do not to wet our bed."

You can see the effect your words have on her as her eyes glaze over in lust and she bites her lip with a gasp as her hand slips between her legs, fingers pressing over her panties, just above where she’s rubbing against you. “Oh that's ok baby, I snuck a mattress protector on the bed last night. Now let’s see who’s gonna break first,” she breathes, eyes half-lidded with lust as she keeps her movements steady, pushing both of you closer to the edge.

You’re caught between overwhelming pleasure and the desperate pressure building inside you. Every second is torture, every movement of her hips sending waves of arousal through your body while your bladder begs for relief. You can feel it—the tingling sensation that signals you’re moments away from losing the battle, but you can tell she's just as close, her movements becoming more needy as her lust boils over.

Suddenly, she shifts, pressing her full weight down on you, the friction unbearable. Your muscles spasm, and despite your best efforts, you feel the first trickle of warm liquid escape. A gasp leaves your throat, and she knows she’s won. Her smile widens, her hand slipping into her panties as she grinds harder, moaning as she feels you lose control beneath her.

You feel your muscles grow numb and the wetness spreads as your body gives in, unable to hold back any longer. The warmth pools between you, soaking through your jeans as she rides out the victory, her own breath coming in ragged gasps. She’s so close now, her body trembling above yours as she keeps moving, grinding against the growing wet patch. You smile and match her rhythm as you watch her ecstasy build and then finally burst with a shrill gasp.

With one final thrust, she lets out a soft cry, her body shuddering as she releases, her wetness mixing with yours. You’re both panting, soaked, and tangled in the aftermath of your shared game, the bed damp beneath you.

She leans down, pressing a kiss to your lips, her voice soft and teasing. “Looks like we both lost,” she whispers with a smile.

