The Wet Adventures of Whitney: Into the Dirty Dungeon

Author: DaCoolCat

*013*2017-12-31 15:06

Just to make the story a tiny bit descriptive, I'm going to finally give this magical dungeon a name.

The Wet Adventures of Whitney: Into the Dirty Dungeon

Calanthia, relieved and satisfied, walks over to me, her armor glistening in the light of what I'll assume is an artificial sun with wetness. Her legs look a little shaky after the... series of events.

"Ahem, I think I will be ready to go after I wash up a bit. Stay here, I'll just be heading to the waterfall. If you wish to shower as well then wait for my return. Hopefully, um.. the potion has no further effects."

With that, she quickly heads inside the cabin to grab a large towel and bring Delia up to speed. I join her in waiting on the dining floor until Calanthia returns.

... She did smell like pee.

...

After Delia and I took our own separate showers, we gather in the dining area of the cabin for a quick bite. Calanthia explains that although she was a ghost, she was still able to hunt and explore. It was only a problem because she could only use about a third of her normal strength to fight. About the cabin, it was here before she was and there wasn't any clue as to who the previous owner(s) might be. She'd found some spare utilities and clothes and said that we're welcome to anything we think that we might need later on. In her time, she'd also found another portal but was looking to kill the monster in the lake first before leaving. She wasted her time in trying to train because her ghostly state didn't allow for metaphysical (if I'm using it right) developments. She claims that it had helped her cope with everything else though that's affected her mind. Based on her estimation, she truly believes that she was only her for about two months.

"So time flows differently between these areas?" I ask.

Calanthia nods.

"Then we'd have to be extremely careful in how long we would stay in one," Delia adds.

"Yes, I think it makes sense for there to be such an area where aging is accelerated. We'd do best if we keep moving once we leave here," Calanthia says.

We finish eating before too long and decide that it's time to head out. Calanthia leads us through a small entrance into a larger cave off to the side of the waterfall. We walk until there's another portal in front of us.

Just like before, huh?

I look over our group now. We have Calanthia who's a veteran and is now back to normal. I've yet to see her in combat or read about her legends but I feel like I can trust her. Calanthia is a vision of confidence and power in her knight armor and with her long black hair and fiery red eyes. Delia, though, doesn't look too shabby at all in comparison. Hers is a look of vitality mixed in with admirable discipline as she dons her two long red pigtails, a large dark overcoat (that she got from the wardrobe back at the cabin), and gladiatorial bra plates and skirt (she was able to fetch it from the lake when she took her shower and, luckily, it wasn't damaged too badly for Calanthia and herself to fix). And then there's me: short, white-haired, and green in the business. If I could look at myself, I'd probably see.. awareness and, maybe now, encouragement.

I'm currently wearing my chainmail under my bikini armor which is under a dark green blouse and darker brown pants (which I've also gotten from the wardrobe in the cabin).

I guess we're ready.

We step into the portal. Onto the other side, we're now standing in a field. A few trees dot the landscape in the distance. The sun here seems to be setting as the orange sky dominates the picturesque view.

"Hey, I think we've got company!" Delia says suddenly.

Huh? Already?!

Looking to where Delia holds her gaze, I spot the oncoming people with horses, behind them - more. Oddly, they all have their faces covered but their eyes.

"It's an ambush! Stay together and prepare yourselves!" Calanthia shouts, raising her great-sword.

They're coming from that side too. Shit!

I take a combative stance and raise my short-sword and shield as Delia unsheathe her scimitar and we get ready to fend off the enemy... until their numbers start to show. A group of no less than thirty men comes from both opposite sides.

"... We're surrounded. They're bandits.." Delia says.

"I hate to say it but... we are in an unwinnable situation here," Calanthia says, still holding her blade high in her hands.

"Wait, that's it? We're going to give up?" I ask.

"No, but... Look, there's no choice to be made, Whitney. We should drop our weapons-" Delia says.

"No, wait for them to make the first move. We do not know what they want. Cover yourselves," Calanthia says.

The first of the bandits comes. Clad in black, the person's robe doesn't reveal their face.

"Lay down your arms! You will be taken with us or die by blades and arrows," the person says.

It's a woman.

I look over to Calanthia who still holds her gaze to the hooded figure's shadow-engulfed face. She's not moving an inch.

"We have magic-users as well. Trust me, you three won't stand a chance," the woman says.

Finally, Calanthia lowers her great-sword onto the ground. Deciding that it's the only viable option, Delia and I do the same. The bandits quickly overwhelm us all before throwing us in small different wooden cages like livestock on a wagon and confiscating our weapons, forcing us to either lay flat down or be on our knees and hands. To further add to the humiliation, one of the bandits drape a large blanket of cloth to cover over us all. The wagon starts to move.

"Damn it, why are there bandits here? I thought the dungeon only has monsters!" Delia says.

"To think, there were people who'd embrace it too," Calanthia says, a little to herself.

"Hey, Calanthia. Did you get a good look on what the woman looks like?" I ask her.

"Huh? Yes but I don't see any special about her. She only looks tired but... well, maybe drained. She had the face of someone who'd used too much magic for their own good. Her hair was also blonde. Hm, that is about as much information as my observation can deliver," Calanthia says.

Well, the tired face certainly sounds suspicious.

"Alright, we should keep a lookout for it then. We have to be wary of what's going on. **Sigh," I sigh.

The wagon travel on for quite some time. As the sound of wooden wheels rolling over the ground and gravel continues on and on towards the unknown, I'm starting to feel the need to pee again.

*Fidget, fidget.

But I can't do anything about it yet. I'll just have to wait.

...

The clopping of the horses changes to one of hooves against a ground of mostly stones. Finally, the wagon stops.

*Squirm, squirm.

"Hey, are you alright, Whitney?" Delia asks me.

"A-ah, I just kinda need to take a break?" I say to her.

"Huh?"

"A pee."

"A-ah, um, well, I think we're there so hold on-"

"We cannot show any weakness, Whitney," Calanthia says, staring at me with intensity. "Who knows what they respect in their twisted minds but we'll have to earn it. It may make our escape easier to work with them."

"If it gets me to a toilet sooner, I'll definitely try," I say to her.

One of the bandit pulls off the blanket and we can see our new surrounding for the first time. A dark sky now looms over a devastated-looking town. Collapsed cottages and structures stand to be the highlights from our views. Through the wooden bars, I could see that where we've stopped is on a main road of the town. The wagon starts moving again and, before long, veers into a small alley. Though, as we go in deeper, the walls seem to expand into a larger passageway. Soon, we stop once again.

*Squirt.

"Ah," I let out.

Damn it! If this goes on for much longer...

The bandits finally unload us into their camp in between the three building walls where there are more people, many of whom have started to exit from their small to medium-sized structures to meet us with their gazes. After being carried over to a larger shack, we're set down. Within the structure are little of significance but some candles and a single chair.

"Leave," the woman says quietly, prompting the bandits who carried us in to go outside before sitting on the sole chair.

She throws back the hood of her robe to reveal a stunningly beautiful face in scorn. Her blond hair is tied from behind but gives glimpses to its braided ponytail style. With how she's sitting, her robe reveals leather armor underneath. She stares over us now.

"Why are you doing this? We've done nothing to provoke you," Calanthia says with equal intensity as her stare.

"I am sorry for my blatant distrust of you strangers but it was obvious that you came through one of the dungeon's portal which lead you here," the woman says before standing up. "Allow me to introduce myself-"

*Fidget, squirm.

"My name is Unity and I am the leader of the folks here. We're a group of survivors who have been fortunate enough to find one another during the end of our own separate journey in the Dungeon of All Evils-"

*Squirm, squirm, fidget.

"Ahem, the reason we needed to meet like this is because we've always had monsters trying reach us through such portals and some have been better disguised than others. I will apologize for everything you will be asked to d but know this: I will not risk my people's lives no matter how small the possibility of a monster infiltrating us may be. Now, I'll-"

"Hey! Um, that's alright and all but.. can I use the loo first?" I ask, inciting a slight bit of anger from anger from Calanthia's face and embarrassment from Delia's. "I've kind of been waiting to go..."

"... Y-yes, you may go but I'll have to check you first," Unity says. "Guard."

A bandit (well, I guess they're not a bandit after all) walks in.

"Go get me Flynn."

The guard leaves and returns with a larger man who seems to be a mage in a thicker robe. He has a book in his left hand.

*Fidget, fidget, fidget.

Damn it, hurry it up.....!

The man casts a spell on me and my body glows before returning back to normal.

"She's fine then. Thank you, Flynn," Unity says.

"Anytime, Commander. Do you want me to check these two out as well?" Flynn says.

"Yes, but not now. Please, wait outside. I'll need you again right away."

With that, the man exits the shack. Unity walks over to release me from my cage and help me stand up. With considerable effort, I stand still.

"Strip yourself of any and all pieces of clothing," she says.

... What?

My furrowed brows convey my thought perfectly as she repeats herself.

"Strip yourself down so I can check your body for any curses and marks. The sooner it's done, the sooner you can... go do your own business."

"**Sigh," I sigh.

I reach to lift up my shirt from its waistband and remove it before taking off my bikini armor top next and the top of my chainmail after. I start to wiggle my lower body out of everything down below when a monstrous pressure strikes at my lower abdomen. Doubling over, I realize just what had hit me...

N-no, d-don't tell me.. it's the demoness' c-curse...!

A second wave of desperation strikes as I manage to squirm out of my pants until humiliating myself by instinctively burying my hands in where they absolutely don't belong at a time and place like this. Embarrassment rushes to my cheeks as I redden at the thought of how I must look right now. Just my fucking luck. Worse of all, I have the team to my back...

As I start my potty dancing, Unity looks at me with a look of mixed things, I guess.

*Spurt.

A small but unstoppable stream works its way down my inner thighs as the inevitable happen-

"Begone, I cast 'Distill Heart of Sin'!" Unity yells.

She suddenly makes an open palm of her right hand around my bladder area and, looking down through my arms in front of me, I could see a strange marking beginning to appear and being completely destroyed by Unity's spell. A warm light passes through my body and dissipates as the pressure goes away...

*Pssst.

Oh, no... no, no, no, no, NO!

Warmer pee spreads through my legs as it travels down to form a puddle around my naked feet. My hands clamp even harder to stop the flow but they can't. All of the sudden, all I feel in my struggle for control is relief in having no control. I keep my eyes down low as I vibrate and my heart flutters with odd pleasure from wetting myself.

"A-ah, um, I'm.. really sorry about this," she says finally, after a minute of silence. "It seems t-that your body is clear of the curse now."

I could feel her eyes wander over me as I could for my friends behind me. I dare not turn back.

...

She sent me to bathe in a different shack. I lie submerged in the tub with only the top of my face poking out of the water.

The burning won't go away... how did it turn out like this?

Winning my fight against the drowsiness caused by the hot, refreshing water of the bath, I draw my right hand closer to my intimate...

*ROOOOOAAAAAR!!!

A powerful sound that cut through the longing emptiness of the night shakes me as I hurry into my clothes and out of the tiny shack.

What the fuck was that?

Looking around outside, I could only see people running about and into their own shack.

"Whitney!"

I hear Delia and Calanthia both call my name. Appearing from the crowd, they rush over to me with Unity in tow.

"What's going on? What's happening?" I ask them.

"It's a monster," Delia says before turning around and raising her scimitar.

"Are you ready for your first fight?" Calanthia says as she raises her great-sword with a dangerous smile.

"If you can help," Unity speaks. "We need you. The people need protection."

*016*2018-01-02 04:37

It's not too bad but there will be a bit of descriptive violence done to the monster here. I won't say anything about blood, though - house cat's honor (you can tell that I'm a God of War fan in this one). Also, there will be some messing here (mostly implied) so.. viewer's discretion is advised.

The Wet Adventures of Whitney: Into the Dirty Dungeon

The alleyway empties as the beast shows itself: a giant wyvern. Crashing down on top of one of the buildings, it collapses half of the structure, sending chunks and pieces of wood down on the people below and their fragile shacks. The creature turns its head slightly to the side, allowing us to see its red eye from its eyeball to pupil, a demonic red gaze.

*ROAR!

It roars briefly, allowing us to see the muscles behind its white skin. Its nostrils flare as it sets its attention fully on us now.

"Hey, we can't stand around! We cannot let it stay here! We have to move it to another part of town!" Unity says. "Follow me!"

"Alright!" Calanthia says. "You two go first! I can cover us from behind if the beast is quick to attack!"

Delia and I nod. We follow Unity through a series of small but visible alleys for the wyvern to follow us until we reach the town's marketplace: a maze of stands with no food and less buildings to hide behind. The monster drops down to finally face us.

"We'll fight it here," Unity says, magically summoning an odd-looking spear with a curved blade on the offensive end of it.

"Whitney, you have to hang back as much as you can. Act as our eyes in the bigger picture of this fight. We will need it," Calanthia says.

"Alright," I say to her.

Of course, I wouldn't even be able to damage that thing. I'll have to support them as much as I can. Hopefully, the guards can get here in time... and numbers.

I run to the back of the marketplace and the beast approaches. Calanthia starts yelling and banging her gauntlet to her shoulder-guard.

"Stay on its side! I will take it head-on!" She says to Delia.

Delia rushes to the hind legs of the wyvern, slashing it with the full length of the blade of her scimitar as Calanthia rolls out of the way from the monster's first chomp before swinging the great-sword back at its chin on the edge of its lower jaw, causing it to stagger back.

*ROOOAAAR!!

The wyvern's tail flickers and I could see what's coming.

"Delia! Its tail!" I yell to her.

She dodges out of the way just in the nick of time as its tail comes swiping across to her side, demolishing the stands over there. Through the dust and rubble, I spot Delia kneeling on the ground with her blade up, focused as ever. I shift my attention to Calanthia once again. Waving her great-sword around, the wyvern seems to be a bit more considerate about its next attack. I then spot Unity as she stands on the edge of a nearby building looking down on the monster with her spear ready in hand as she waits for an opportune moment to strike.

"Calanthia! Unity's-"

"Got it!" She cuts me off as the wyvern attacks head-on, bringing its chomp forward and dangerously low as Calanthia barely escapes its bite by sliding under it with accelerated speed before thrusting her blade in from under its neck.

The head of the beast falls thrashing on its side for a few precious seconds as Calanthia holds it down with both her hands under two of its pointed scales in a fantastic feat of strength.

"NOW!" She yells as Unity comes down as a legendary sight for a moment and plunges her spear into the depth of its left eye before opening a slit under its eye socket to remove her spear with leverage.

*ROOOOOAAAAAR!!!

"AH!"

I look only in time to see the wyvern's tail flicking Delia into the building behind her.

"Delia!!" I yell out.

Consequentially, Calanthia gets distracted as the wyvern thrashes around, forcing her to roll back without retrieving the blade from its neck. Unity also gets thrown to the side of another building but is able to climb atop of it quickly.

"'WRATH OF THE VALKYRIES!'" She yells as she plunges at it once more.

This time for the neck. A light coats her body and spear as they pin the wyvern to the other building before it comes crashing down. Calanthia is forced to jump back as the structure topples down. The wyvern's wings wave away the dust to reveal Unity on the ground in exhaustion. On her knees, she looks to find the wyvern staring back at her and I could see a tremendous fear suddenly develop in her gaze. Her mouth slightly gapes.

*ROOOOOAAAAAR!!!

The creature has its back turned to us now. It raises its head to strike and-

*Prrrrrrrt.

"Leave my friends alone!!!" Calanthia yells, climbing the wyvern's back to reach her sword on its throat. "HYAH!!"

She gets off the back of its neck before jumping up as it rises again to pull her blade free. Then, charging it with a courage only obtainable by seasoned warriors and a force of most men and women's full life potential, she slams into the base of its neck and pushes it onto its hind legs until it buckles from the damage on its right one. It crashes one last time onto its back and lets out half a roar, signaling the finality of the battle and its life.

*ROOO-aaar...!

...

"Hey.. haah, hah, are you okay?"

... We did it. We've won. That was insane.. how did that happen?!

I smile to myself, looking over the defeated beast in awe and at my teammates-

"Uh, Unity?" Calanthia asks.

I look over to her. She's looking at the giant mound of monster in front of her, her knees up and her arms resting on top of them. She still seems spooked, but not like from the battle before. And then, I notice the puddle. A glistening pond of bodily fear stretches far beyond her bottom in the center as the moon slightly shines on it. The leather on her legs can be seen with wetness as they look to be hiding something underneath. Unity shifts her gaze downward before I could sense an overwhelming presence of shame from her.

D-did she... pooped herself?

"Ahem," Calanthia clears her throat and breaks the silence. "How about you go see if Delia is alright and I will help out Unity?"

She has an unamused and slightly disgusted look on her.

"U-um, yeah. Sounds good," I say to her.

Running over to Delia (and past a rather confirming scent from Unity), I find her walking out of the wreckage of the building structure she was in herself.

"Delia, I-I'm so sorry! I should've paid more attention to your fight-"

"No, it's alright," she says, cutting me off. "I should've still look out for myself instead of going all out on the offensive. Ah-"

She looks down at herself before covering her crotch with the base of her scimitar, meeting little success. I look down to see her thighs glistening with a suggestive wetness as her face begins to burn a crimson red. The knees make contact as she closes her legs, moving around to better hide her embarrassing situation but which only causes them to rub together in a rather interesting display.

"D-don't stare at me like that! P-please," she whimpers.

"O-oh, sorry. Um, let's go to the other two," I say to her.

She nods her head, clearing hoping for me to turn around and lead the way. We walk over to the other two and Calanthia was able to sling one of Unity's arms over her, carrying most of the poor girl without getting pee on herself.

"Incredible," Delia says in a whisper at the dead wyvern which prompts Unity to look at it once again.

"A-ah, no.. wait," she says, suddenly pushing Calanthia away while also hanging onto her right shoulder as her legs shake.

*Piiissssshhhhhhh.

Multiple streams flow from different parts of her clothing as the front of the robe she wears gets pushed aside so that she wouldn't wet it. Her leather armor, now in full view, spills warm urine onto the ground and her boots. The sound gets particularly strong at one moment as she bites her lower lips, eyes halfway closed and nearly to tears. She's clearly trying her best to stay strong despite the horrible light-headedness she must be feeling from both the fight and the blushing.

'I-it's alright, it's alright now. Let's get you back... home," Calanthia says, hesitant to call a place such as the Dungeon a home.

We stand around for a few more seconds so that Unity could finish and we started heading back to her base. On the way, I could see her checking the status of her pants under the robe from behind before quickly pulling her hand out in front and grabbing her humiliating lower-wear with a wet but quiet squelch. The smell still lingers...

...

We make it back to the base but, as I look around, there's barely anyone left compared to the sizable number from before.

"Where is everyone? What happened?" Delia asks.

"Where are all the guards?" I ask Unity.

They also didn't show up to help us either. What's going on? A betrayal?

"They're dead," she says.

"What do you mean? We lead the wyvern away from here before it could do anything," Calanthia says, staring at the girl on her shoulder and causing her to wince in shame and fidget.

Unity removes herself from Calanthia's assistance and recovers her robe over herself. This, of course, reminds Delia about her own state as she tugs her skirt down with one hand as much as it could go without falling entirely from her hips to cover her now damp lap while her other hand pulls the side of her overcoat over to cover her. Unity waves her hand over the alleyway, gesturing for us to look closer. With a more careful inspection, I see a skull - no, several skulls and bones littering the place.

"They were always dead," Unity says. "I brought them back to life as servants so that they could still help these living people out."

She then gestures to the few men and women who are starting to exit their shacks to see us, compelling Delia and Unity to both step backwards a subtle few times.

"So you're a necromancer?" I ask her.

"Yes," Unity says.

"But you can use light magic?" Calanthia asks.

"Yes."

"That sounds difficult," I say to her.

Thinking that I'm addressing her dirty state, she swiftly looks at me with an intense flame in her eyes. Scoffing, she walks quickly over to Delia to take her by the arm and lead her to the bathhouse (or bathing shack).

"Meet us in my quarter when we're done. But first, talk to the people here. They're as much your people as they are mine now. You are their saviors today."

*019*2018-01-06 05:13

My internet retired on me for some reason during the last couple of days so that is for the delay. Also, I will have cat college classes to go to starting on the 8th so I may be slowing down a bit then. With this new entry, it is the beginning of the end for the adventures in the dungeon (I estimate that we have about four more before I either take a break and write about something fresher or continue with the next.. thing (maybe The Wet Adventures of Whitney: The Vamp-ee-ers? (Oof, that was bad))). Anyway, no spoilers here for what comes next...

The Wet Adventures of Whitney: Into the Dirty Dungeon

27... 29.. 30. Thirty...

I look around at the people as they inspect the damages and work to repair whatever they can. One of the three buildings that had loomed over them before had collapsed halfway, leaving only two lower floors. The people came up to us earlier and gave their appreciation, but I know that we all feel like our efforts weren't enough.

How long have these people been here?

A man said that it's been roughly five years since he got here, but he was the last one.

And nobody else seems to be able to remember.

Thirty people have been trapped here as a result of misadventures, quests, and even just seeking shelters when they found a cave full of promises: to enrich, to explore, and to fulfill a basic human need for a little bit of warmth and protection. Calanthia and I have talked to everyone and we've decided. Sitting now on a bench outside of Unity's shack, we wait for her to return with Delia. The night peaks in darkness as the two walk over from across the settlement, only ever slowing down to receive their due of thanks.

"The people seem to like you so you're welcome to one our sleeping quarters for tonight. As for anything else that you might need, I think they're already willing to share some resources too," Unity says.

"Thank you," Calanthia says.

"Before you head to sleep though, I'd like to ask of you three something. It's actually a fair request: if you'd like to stay and help us out some more, we can all benefit greatly."

"Don't worry," I say to Unity. "We've already decided that we want to help. After all, we need to stick together until we can figure out how the Dungeon works if we ever want to escape."

"And that's what I wanted to tell you about also, we've found a way to summon a controlled portal that could potentially lead us out."

The smile on her face reflects the look of shock we're giving her. It should've been expected though, the ingenuity of human beings have mastered magic before. It was only a matter of time.. but...

"Really? That's incredible!... But.. we can't leave yet," Delia says.

"Hm? Why not?"

"Because we have to find our friends... They're in here, just like us: trapped. We're going to find them before we go."

"Well... the portal may also lead us to your friends. How many of them are there?"

"Three."

"Then we'll have to journey through three different areas. You can expect that they won't be easy trips. We should all get some rest now. I'll tell you what needs to be done tomorrow."

With that, Unity leads us to a large shack. Stepping inside, half of everyone seems to be sleeping here. She offers us a small but comfy-looking spot that the three of us quickly make use of with a large fur blanket and three bedrolls.

...

..... Mhm, I need to pee...

Groggily, I sit up from my fur bedroll, slip out of the blanket, and stumble through the darkness to the lavatory. The sky is starting from a shade of black to blue while the cold air makes me shiver.

... C'mon, gotta hold it... gotta hold it... gotta.. hold it...

I make it into the small shack before facing a dilemma...

... Which side is the women's again...?

Suddenly, a naughty thought strikes: no one's probably going to need to come here at this specific hour, what do I have to be afraid of? Besides, you can't blame a girl for 'accidentally' walking into the men's room when it's so dark out, it'd be their fault for not leaving a candle or a lantern on. It's dark, I have to pee, and I'm desperate. I press a hand to massage through the crotch of my brown pants and the other hand over it to act it out, squirming in mixed excitement and fake confusion as to where I need to be. Truth to be told, my eyes have adjusted to the darkness by now and I could see the signs, but I finally pretend to mistakenly choose the wrong one.

..... Haha... well, there's no helping it then...

I enter the little boy's room with shortened breaths as I look over the open potties on the ground and mild embarrassment flushes my face. I make my way deeper in, to the furthest corner of the room, before squatting down over one. I pull down my pants and let nature takes its course while cocking my head back in response to the relief. The stream hits full force about ten seconds in, forcing me to reposition myself.

"... Ah.....!"

... I slipped.....

I land backwards on my butt before quickly getting up again, but the short amount of time in the accident was enough to leave a couple stains on my pants. With the pressure in my lower abdomen disappearing, my eyes started shutting once again.

I should hurry up and get back to sleep...

...

..... Mhm... I feel... wet?....... Oh, no.

The smell is unmistakable. I can also feel the wetness around my butt too. Terrified, I open my eyes. People seem to be up and about as I'm about to have the most embarrassing moment of my life. Delia walks over to me from the doorway and I want to die. Right. Now,

"Rise and shine, you two. We've got to eat some breakfast before we doing anything else today so get up," she says, referring to me and Calanthia besides me.

... Please, don't tell me I peed on her too.....

Calanthia gets up at the sound of breakfast, clearly more used to waking up quickly as she beams confidence and excitement even in the morning.. until...

... She feels it! Crap, crap crap!

But there's no escape. I brace myself for the inevitable.

"Seriously, is waking up early too much for you?" Delia says, pulling on the blanket.

"Wait, stop!!"

..... Huh?

Staring at my bedroll, the wetness doesn't look to be coming from me. Instead, the dark pattern on the fur points to.. Calanthia. Looking over at her, her bedroll seems to be completely drenched while the smell of urine amplifies when I turn my head. Even now, a small golden pool still sits in Calanthia's lap as she blushes furiously at her own sight. Worse yet, her yell had attracted some of the people's attention over to us or, more specifically, her.

"U-um, I-I..." she stutters.

"A-ah, um," Delia says, turning red in the face too.

"I-it must be the potion! It has to be! This is its after-effect! I-it must be!" Calanthia says.

...

The morning goes on without incident and with Calanthia spending most of it cleaning her armor. Much to her torture, some of the folks who were there went up to her to ask her if she needed any help in cleaning, only for her to blush even deeper as the minutes go on.

How does she even sleep in that thing, anyway?

We eat breakfast at a larger shack with most of everybody in it. Unity finds us through the crowd and walks over to our table just when Calanthia seems extremely fixated on her food so she keeps her head down.

"Good morning. I want to go over some plans for today, after you've finished eating. For what we're doing, we'll use the portal from which you stepped through or, more accurately, we'll reopen it. Flynn, our mage, will do the job. He'll need monster blood for the ritual too..."

Unity goes over the plan and we hurriedly gather the materials.. since each of us has someone who needs us. We were fortunate enough to have found one another and a plan to find the way out. By another night, we have everything. Gathered on the field where we were at before, I look over everyone now. Everyone still looks the same with our group having an additional member to the team: Unity.

It's time to be ready.

"Alright, Delia." I put a hand on her shoulder. "Yours first."

"Thank you," she says.

"As we've discussed," Unity says.

She touches the portal, eliciting a change of color. As discussed, she will go with Delia while we stay to defend the people here. I can only imagine what it'd be like for her to reunite with a dear friend now...

*021*2018-01-08 06:53

The theme of the night is: adult baby. Dress accordingly.

The Wet Adventures of Whitney: Into the Dirty Dungeon

(Delia's POV) This isn't right... this place.. isn't...

The world was suddenly melted in the spiral of the portal and restructured into an obnoxiously colorful place. From a ground of earth to square palettes of slight cushion, from a blue sky into a giant off-white metal construct, the world now is a whole different dimension. All around are oddly-shaped buildings with odder features: a massive blue veil hangs from one a little ways to our right; a large, open, and see-through labyrinth's on our left; a building with two lighter pink and blue towers on top of it is behind us, and a raised yellow road is just right in front of us.

"Is this place... where you lost your friend?" Unity asks.

"No, this isn't the right place at all. We were supposed to go to.. a-a land of leaves," I say to her.

"Hm, well, this is quite different, then. Flynn and his magic have never failed us before so we must assume that your friend is here. Let's see... we might be able to find more information if we explore the building over here."

She points to the building with the two towers.

"Okay."

We walk over to the building to find that it doesn't have an entrance and no clear way up. The look of it is off-putting compared to the other structures and the atmosphere has changed since we got closer to it.

Is it a sacred temple of some sort?

"Don't worry, I can get us up there," Unity says.

"How?" I ask.

To my surprise, she grows a pair of light-emanating wings.

"Magic."

"Oh."

"Hang onto me and I'll lift you up," she says.

I try to think of how this is going to work. She's obviously smaller than me but it seems that she's confident. I walk behind her, kneel a bit to avoid her wings, and put my arms around her waist tightly.

"Alright, are you ready?" She asks.

"Yeah," I reply.

She takes off with a bit of a struggle before gaining significant speed and control mid-flight. We come atop the building where the two towers rest by one another and land on its grey carpeted floor. We start to examine the towers when...

"Oh my, what do we have here?"

A loud but feminine voice surprises us from behind as we turn around to see a giant woman slightly bent over and looking down at us. She wears an apron dress of white and green and has her hair tied back in a bun. She smiles at us.

"Oh, how wonderful! More playmates for my babies! But you two have to get changed, quickly!" The woman says.

"Hang on a second, what are you talking about?" Unity asks.

The woman makes a quick grab for the two of us before we could unsheathe our weapons, rendering us helpless in her hands.

"W-wait, what are you going to-"

She abruptly cuts me off by stuffing the two of us in the pouch of her apron. Darkness envelopes as feelings of being groped and tickled run through my body.

"Ahh, no-hah! Stop!"

"Nnh, ah-noo! Haha!"

Finally, she brings us back out and puts us on the ground floor.

"There you go, sweeties! Now you can do whatever you want. Have fun!" She says, leaving.

We lie still for a second, wiping at our eyes for tears as we both feel that something is off. It feels.. cooler. Not cold, but...

Wait, where's my scimitar? She took it!

My hands feel around my body for anything but, opening my eyes, I then see that she had taken everything from me. No clothes, no weapon.. only my hair was left alone and...

Wait, are these.. my panties?!

They obviously aren't. A slight, thin bulge of white material lies between my legs and on my bottom. Its presence makes me nervous. I look over to see Unity red and.. bloated... at the crotch. Her new panties resembles a large pumpkin, much bigger than mine.

"W-wh-what is this?! Is this some sort of joke?!"

I move over to Unity and help her up as movements in her legs are constricted by the pink fluffy ball.

"C-come on, we have to find him quickly and get out of here," I say to her. "Flynn could probably turn us back to normal-"

"ABSOLUTELY NOT," she yells. "We're finding that witch after we find your friend and beating her! Not only to get our stuff back.. but also our weapons."

"Right," I nod.

Now, it's time to make the journey to explore the rest of this place.

"Where should we start?" I ask.

"Let's go on the road," she points to the raised yellow road in front of us.

She tries to summon her wings with little success as a tiny, useless-looking pair of wings sprout from her back. Whatever the witch did, it stunted her magical abilities. We reach the road.

"Umm, should I give you a boost or-"

"No! I will give you a boost!" She interrupts me.

Our topless-ness makes it an uncomfortable assist as I climb on her to get on the road that goes uphill. Soon after, I pull her up with me. We slowly climb the hill and get to about halfway until Unity suddenly stops.

"H-hey," I ask, realizing what could be going on. "Are you oka-"

*Pssst-

"U-uh, yes! I'm fine! I'm just having a bit of a tough time climbing in this.. damn thing!" Unity says loudly, trying to cover up what's obviously her peeing in her panties.

I feel bad for her, I haven't seen her lose her cool like this. It must be this place or whatever that woman did.

Her face shoots to the road in front of her as she realizes that I wasn't buying it. Her cheeks burn red as the rest of her face as she tries to clamp her legs together.. to no avail except for making a crinkling sound. She smells-no, it must be her panties that emit it, an odd smell that's not urine. She continues to pee.

*Pssst.

With force. Without trying to look at it, I see the front of her panties glow with the faintest tint of yellow before she could stop herself.

"I-I, um. Here, let me help you," I say to her, offering my hand and going a bit farther forward to indicate that I mean in terms of getting up the hill.

"... Thanks.." she says weakly.

Together, we reach the top of it to find a large purple tunnel. With a bit of effort, we get up inside it and walk through. At the end of several more tunnels and twists and turns, we come across another road. This one, though, leads down into a pit of giant, colorful balls which seems to be what's behind the blue veil that we saw earlier.

"We really need to be careful here, it looks like we could be easily trapped under all of those-"

*Pssssst.

... H-huh?

Unity has her hands on her padded front of her crotch as the sound only intensifies. They do nothing to hide the yellow spot from growing slightly larger than before.

"I-I couldn't help it. It's the witch's curse. I-"

"I-it's alright!" I reassure her. "I get it."

Her eyes light up in a brief second of anger as her face asks why I'm not affected before calming down and allowing me to put my hand on her shoulder. Goosebumps appear on her sexy skin as she looks truly disgusted at what's happened so far.

She wet herself twice. I should try to help her through this.

"Alright, you have to hang onto me this time. I'm going to get us over to the other side of that pit. Climb onto my back so we can-"

"No! No, I've got it," she says, shuffling her feet and balling her hands by her sides outward, looking like a little girl in a blonde braided ponytail trying to get what she wants from an adult.

"... Okay, but be careful," I say to her.

"Tsk, I've got it. Sheesh.."

We make our way down the road before reaching the balls. I take the first jump onto one. It's more slippery than I thought it would be. We carefully make it about halfway until...

"Eek!" Unity cries out.

I look back to see her falling in the space between a couple of balls, her legs flailing uselessly as she cries, "Help!"

"Hold on! I'm coming back!"

Diving where I lost sight of her, I wrap my left arm around a ball and reach beneath the surface to a wet squish. Feeling around, I could feel a small buzzing of lost bladder control under the padding with the pee jetting against the material, expanding it even more. Deciding that I can't get a good grip elsewhere, I grab as hard as I could, digging my right hand into her well-used panties.

"Eep!"

"I'm sorry! I'm pulling you up, right now!"

###

We make it across the pit in less than record time. I wipe my wet hand on the upper back of her panties without her knowing it. She seems quite tired, even though it wasn't that much of a trek so far. She doesn't seem sweaty, but her eyes are threatening to close at any moment.

"Hey! Come on, we've only got one place to search next," I say to her.

"... But I'm so..... sleepy," she replies as her thump slowly starts to make its way to her mouth.

"Wake up!!!" I yell.

"Wahhhh!" She snaps out of it.

Alright, Albert. We're almost there. We're coming to get you-

**Sniffles.

....... Eh?

"W-w-why did you yell at me? Y-you scared m-me so m-much..." Unity says, on the verge of tears. "And I-I-I was just tired..! **Sniffles."

"U-um, I'm sorry I yelled at you, okay? I'm sorry! Please, don't cry!"

I put my arms around the sniveling girl in a comforting hug. I rock her slowly while she tries her best to calm down.

How did this happen? What kind of twisted place is this?!

"A-alright, are you ready to go?" I ask in a whispered voice.

She shakes her head.

"Nu-uh."

"But.. alright, I'll tell you what. I'll pick you up and carry you with me until you feel better. Would you like that?"

She nods her head.

"Great..."

I pick her up, belly-to-belly (and padded panties-to-bigger padded panties), and walk through the blue veil to the other side, the last destination: the labyrinth. Unity's padding squishes grossly against me as I try to not think about it. On top of that, she begins to drool on my shoulder. Finally, we reach the entrance of the labyrinth. Unsurprisingly, we're not alone.

What did the witch say about her babies?

From above and farther to the right of where I stand is another giant woman. This one wears a checkered pink dress with a short-enough skirt that allows the world to see her large, plain panties. Her long hair lies messily in her pink baby bonnet, her hands are covered in baby gloves, and her feet are covered in matching baby booties. She seems to be sucking on something quite loudly yet I have no intention of finding out what it is. I stealthily move away from sight.

The labyrinth is nothing short of its name as the design is quite intricate and confusing. Luckily, we're much smaller than the girls here so I could spot them before they could see us. Unity has gone to sleep, her head resting on my shoulder.

*Piiissssshhhhhhh.

Oh, no.

The wet spot soaks through, making the yellow stain a massive yellow stain as it also wet my skin and stain my own panties. I quickly put Unity down, the weight of her body landing on her butt quickly displacing the piss in her panties, spilling it out onto the floor.

"Waaahhh!" She cries suddenly and loudly.

"W-why are you crying? I'm just putting you down for a second! Please, stop!" I beg her.

"... Miss Delia?" A familiar voice says.

Unity and I stop in unison. She turns to where the mysterious voice is coming from and I turn to where my old companion's voice is coming from.

"... Albert?"

There he is, standing like the goof I've always known him to be.

Goofy, but alive.

"Miss Delia?"

"Albert? Is that really you?" I ask.

"... M-Miss Delia..! You're, you're...!"

I start to walk over to him.

"... Your chest!"

..... Eh?

"A-ah!"

I quickly cover my breasts with my arms crossed over, burning with shame as I've let an old companion of mine see...

"U-um, I told you. Just call me Delia," I say to him, wincing a bit with the embarrassment.

"Y-yes, um. Okay, Delia," he says, smiling as I am while the nervousness from both of us dissipates into just what it is - thin air.

He looks normal, if only a little bit beaten up. He's a short man with a dark green tunic and pants and a dark brown hood that would hide his face if he put it on. He carries a single knife by his side.

"Oh my, it seems like my new babies have already made friends!" The witch's voice booms, scaring Unity into crying again. "Oh, no! I'm so sorry, little one. Here, let Nanny make you feel better."

She grabs Unity and reaches down to grab Albert too.

"Albert!"

He suddenly pulls out his knife and slashes at the woman's fingers, causing her to scream in pain and dropping Unity down on her back. The sudden impact makes me fear for Unity. I hurry over to her to find her getting up slowly.

"Ugh, what happened? Where am I?" She says.

"Unity! Open the portal! NOW!"

"A-alright, alright! But what's going on-" she stops to look up at the giant who appears to be very angry at us now.

"Please, Miss Unity! We have to leave this place!" Albert says.

"Okay, okay!"

She quickly opens the portal only wide enough for us to fit through.

"Oh, no you don't!" The woman says, reaching for us quickly.

"Let's go!" I say, following Unity through and pulling Albert into our camp.

We stumble into the middle of the camp as one of her fingers makes it through, crushing atop the back of my lower body to drag me back there.

"Ahhh!"

"Delia!!" Whitney and Calanthia come to aid me, slashing at the finger on top of me... but it's too late.

"Are you okay-"

*Pssssssst.

The shame is now mine to bear as I wet myself in my small padded panties and it gets worse as the material could hold no more. Already, it is leaking. A puddle of warmth forms under my crotch and panties as it soaks through. Tiny yellow rivulets tickles my inner thighs as the escape from their prison and I can do nothing but lie there. Shy bladder or not, I can't stop my own body as it demands retribution for the pain inflict on its-my bladder.

"M-Miss Delia...?"

I could feel my face turning crimson with tears ready to stream as I try to hold off on further degrading myself. My whole body shivers as I try to get up. I look to see Unity already making her way to the bathroom. My other friends, though, seem very content to keep looking on.

"... H-hey, Whitney. Get a blanket," Calanthia says, finally.

"... Huh? O-oh, yeah," Whitney replies.

So how is this going to go? I wonder who'll have a tougher time explaining themselves: the friends who waited like predators on a plain to feast on humiliation, the leader who returns home to her people in a wet and massive panty-ball, or the girl who literally wets herself in a flimsy piece and pigtails that looks like a little girl who couldn't control her bladder in the sentient center of the world.

... I want my blanket.
