The Leprechaun in the Ladies Room Line

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2023-03-17 17:41

Just a really quick story today. The other day I got distracted chatting about my fetish pretty much all day and figured I didn't have time to write any full stories as I only had a half hour left, but then I just sort of spontaneously thought of this really brief story, which is probably my shortest omorashi story yet, as I normally tend to write longer ones, which I thought of would make for a good short St. Patrick's Day story. Enjoy!

Can also be viewed in my blog https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/11812.html

The Leprechaun in the Ladies Room Line

"I always thought that St. Patrick's Day was really fun because I'm Irish but I've never been much good at holding my liquor," Jill said as she realized her bladder was painfully full from all that drinking. However as she walked over to the ladies room line it was predictably gigantic and snaking through pretty much the entire bar. "And St. Patrick's Day of course is the biggest drinking day of the year so I probably should have planned for this."

As Jill looked up and down the impossibly long ladies room line as she stood there crossing and uncrossing her legs and realizing that this line looked impossibly long and that she was in a major bind, that was when she saw something rather curious, towards the very front of the line she saw what looked like a leprechaun hopping up and down crossing her legs and looking like she was extremely uncomfortable.

"Hey are you a leprechaun," Jill said as she went up to the woman in line.

"No I'm a vampire, of course I'm a leprechaun!" she said as she hopped up and down looking extremely desperate. "My name is Laura and as you can see I need the bathroom very very badly."

"I have to go to the bathroom very very badly as well," Jill said as she crossed her legs and hopped around in place. "I guess there is nothing that could persuade you to perhaps let me cut you in line for the bathroom?"

"Are you crazy, I have been holding it for 45 minutes and I am ready to pee all over myself, this line is probably close to an hour long," Laura said as she continued to dance a little Irish jig in front of the bathroom door as she put her hands on her knees and looked like she was about to explode.

Jill smiled. "Hey isn't it true that if you catch a leprechaun the leprechaun has to basically give you a wish?"

"Well yeah, but it's not very easy to catch a leprechaun," Laura said as Jill grabbed her.

"Seems pretty easy to me!" Jill said as she held Laura up by her suspenders.

"Please can I just use the bathroom first," Laura said as she looked longingly at the bathroom door as Jill held her up there as she continued crossing and then uncrossing her legs.

"I don't know, I think I could really use the bathroom more than you could," Jill said as she smiled at the leprechaun. "I could perhaps use my wish to switch places with you in the bathroom line."

"You get a leprechaun wish and you were going to waste it on getting ahead of us in the bathroom line," the woman behind Laura said looking annoyed.

Jill laughed. "You know that would actually be kind of a waste of a wish I suppose, I mean you have a wish from a leprechaun and you use it just so you can use the bathroom more quickly one time, that does seem like kind of a waste of a wish."

Laura smiled. "You have no idea how relieved I am to hear that!" she said as she was about to reach for the bathroom door.

"Wait first you have to give me my wish," Jill said as she put her hand on the bathroom door.

"Please just make it really quick," Laura said as she grabbed herself and gritted her teeth as she trembled and shook.

Jill smiled an evil smile. "My leprechaun wish is that whenever I have to go to the bathroom I will never have to wait in line again and instead you will wait in line for me!"

"What," Laura said looking like she was about to piss herself.

"You heard my wish, you have to grant it," Jill said holding up Laura who began crying before snapping her fingers and all of the sudden Jill found herself instantly relieved as Laura was now at the back of the bathroom line. "This is the best St. Patrick's Day ever!"

"This is the worst St. Patrick's Day ever," Laura shouted from the end of the line as she crossed her legs and realized that she had a lot of holding ahead of her because now that she didn't have to wait in line for the bathroom Jill was going to do a whole lot more drinking!

I have to admit this is a really short one that I thought of after spending an entire night chatting about my fetish and didn't think I had time to write any stories that day, but then I thought of this really short one off the top of my head that I thought would make for a good St. Patrick's Day story. Originally when she caught the leprechaun I was just going to have her switch places with a leprechaun in the line that one time, but then I thought it would be better if she wished that the leprechaun always had to wait in line for her as that would be a pretty good use of a leprechaun wish! And strangely enough this isn't my first omorashi story with leprechauns in it (see Lucy the Cross Legged Leprechaun for the other one), and honestly I can't say for sure it would be my last! I guess it just shows that I can appreciate my own Irish heritage.

*003*2023-03-19 17:40

@UrineLover1

As I am Irish I try to always write leprechaun stories around St. Patrick's Day, and I actually forgot this is actually my third story involving leprechauns and pee desperation. I was chatting with somebody about this story and they remembered one of the ones that I wrote many years ago that I had completely forgotten about, so I suppose leprechauns do lend themselves well to desperation for whatever reason! A pee dance can very easily turn into an Irish jig!

