Girls desperate bathroom line scenarios.

Author: DesperateQueue

*000*2025-02-13 07:07

(I tried this in omorashi general, but it may get a better response in this Omorashi fiction forum).

I thought I’d open up opportunities for people to create some of their own bathroom line scenarios (real or fictional) now that you’ve seen some of mine. While boys sometimes have bathroom lines, it is more common for girls, especially in crowded places. Most girls are waiting in line to pee, but some have to do #2, or change a feminine product.

The main guidelines I ask for are as follows:

1). We have to be careful about not having minors under the age of 18 in this scenario. I would say that ages 18 to 25 would be about right for this scenario.

2). Nothing extremely gross (such as puking or blood) in this scenario.

3). Preferably a girls bathroom (although boys or unisex bathrooms are okay, it just doesn’t feel the same as it does if it’s all girls that are desperate in the bathroom line. Boys have other ways to relieve themselves if need be, but the girls are kind of “stuck” if they’re desperate to pee in a long bathroom line).

4). Preferably a bathroom with multiple stalls (with a single line forming for all the stalls), where there is a pretty long line (for example: a line of 10 or more girls for a 3 to 5 stall bathroom).

5). Preferably a line where multiple girls are close to their breaking point and about to pee their pants.

6). There needs to be some kind of “time crunch” where the girls have a limited amount of time to use the facilities, whether it be a rest stop on a group bus, an intermission between acts of a play, a few minutes between classes at school, or even as simple as that they literally are about to pee their pants if they can’t get to a stall fast enough.

7). No line cutting is allowed, as that defeats the whole purpose of the line. (That’s why I prefer to limit the scope to girls that are in their late teens or early 20s so that they are all in similar situations. For these purposes, let’s eliminate pregnancy scenarios as well).

How do they make out? Do they all make it in time? Do some of them pee their pants, or pee in the sink, trash can, etc.? That’s your call.

I know some like @Angusburger or @DesperateJill would be particularly interested in this

