The Line at the National Air and Space Museum That Seemed Longer Than Time and Space Itself

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2024-12-05 05:24

I ended up staying up really late last night writing this story that was inspired by my trip to the air and space Museum back in September 1998. This actually is one of my longer short stories about omorashi perhaps even the longest one. I actually thought it was going to be relatively short but wow I did get carried away and then today I made like 100 illustrations for it! And then I ended up writing an extensive write up about how the story was inspired by my real experience which differs quite a great deal from the story and that was almost as long as the story itselfm so I'm going to have to do a separate entry that specifically in the omo experiences board because this story is 7200 words and the story behind the story as I call it is about 5200 words.

And yes this when I got carried away with illustrating even more so than the last story. I made like 100 illustrations for this one which is an all-time record for anything that I have ever written, even a novel that I wrote under my own name didn't have this many illustrations are had just this many illustrations, so yes I have not gotten bored of the fact that now I can use AI image creators to illustrate all of my stories. I have to admit though that taking all of the time to illustrate these stories ends up taking a lot of time away from writing new stories. Because basically I wrote this 7200 words story last night and then this afternoon I spent a long time editing it because I stopped every couple of paragraphs to make more illustrations of like literally every scene in the story.

Blog link https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/16981.html

The Line at the National Air and Space Museum That Seemed Longer Than Time and Space Itself

Jill arrived at the national air and space Museum in Washington DC. She had been spending this time on a trip and this was the part of the trip that she most looked forward to. The city was great but it seemed like it was always extremely crowded and the bathrooms were few and far between. But right now Jill was so excited to be at the space Museum that she wasn't even thinking about bathrooms in the way that she normally was whenever she got to a new place.

"There is such a long line to get in," Jill said realizing it was a warm day as she took a drink from her water bottle. Normally she would be more cautious about drinking a lot of liquids when she didn't know where she was going to find a bathroom next, but she figured that a big popular Museum like this would probably have adequate bathrooms.

The line in order to go through security to get into the building was rather long and daunting, but Jill was not going to be dissuaded. She had waited a long time to go see this particular Museum, and she knew that it was going to definitely be the highlight of her trip.

When Jill finally got into the lobby of the building she was astonished to see all of aircraft and spacecraft hanging from the walls and ceilings. She was so excited she didn't even know exactly what she wanted to do first. First she started walking around the lobby area and looking at all of the spacesuits and for a moment she actually thought of the fact that spacesuits were pretty cool, because among other things you could go to the bathroom in your spacesuit, although she figured that probably involved wearing a space diaper and didn't sound very appealing, all things considered. But at least an astronaut never had to worry about where they were going to go to the bathroom because there was a bathroom right there.

"In the beginning of the space program one of the problems that they had was that they didn't know if women could go to the bathroom in space as easily, and even today less than 100 women have been in space," the tour guide said as she smiled. "But it is our hope that in the future that things like bathrooms will not be keeping women out of space, but in the early years of the space program it reflected the fact that were lots of silly reasons to try and keep women out of the space program, and not being able to go to the bathroom in little baggies the way that men were able to do on the early space flights was definitely an issue. In fact they actually did though train several women to be possible astronauts along with the Mercury astronauts but then after the Russians beat the Americans putting a woman into space they abandoned the idea, so those ladies were out of luck."

"Those were the days of segregation, I remember in the movie Hidden Figures that that one woman had to run a mile in order to go to the bathroom because they didn't have any bathrooms for women of color," an African-American woman said.

"I heard that that was actually a scene that was put in there just for the movie but it's often true that women aren't shortchanged when it comes to bathrooms," Jill said as she couldn't resist an opportunity to comment on her other favorite subject outside of humanity's destiny in space, bathrooms.

"I don't think that I would have the energy to run a 1/2 mile away every time I had to take a piss," the woman said smiling as Jill nodded. This woman certainly got the importance of bathrooms, Jill knew that much.

Jill walked around looking at some of the early spacecraft that were on display, and those spacecraft certainly were rather small and cramped, so there wasn't all that much room for a bathroom.

"This was Alan Shepard's space capsule, and during the launch the launch kept getting delayed, and by the time they were going to launch him into space he had to go to the bathroom really bad but they hadn't actually thought about bathrooms at the time, because it was supposed to be a short flight, and they didn't expect to get delayed several hours, but after a couple of hours sitting around in a space capsule nature always catches up with you," the tour guide said. "Eventually they told him just to go in his spacesuit."

Jill smiled to herself because it was interesting how bathrooms and space travel were so closely linked together, as it was always a fascination to her about what you would do to take care of business in outer space. She figured in zero gravity trying to sit down on a toilet and urinate would be rather difficult. At least the male astronauts would probably be able to pee easily into those bags, so even in the depths of outerspace it was easier for men to relieve themselves than women.

As Jill continued looking around she couldn't help but think about all of the bathroom related trivia that she had already been assaulted with from the moment she walked into the air and space Museum. She also looked at some of those early airplanes, and she was wondering what people like Amelia Earhart did for a bathroom in that tiny little airplane.

Jill made her way over to the lunar lander display, and that's where she saw the cafeteria when she figured she hadn't eaten lunch yet that day, so she figured she would eat lunch right there in the cafeteria. Unfortunately like everything else in the museum the lines for food and drink were rather long, so Jill had to wait a while before she was able to get her lunch.

Jill didn't want to eat or drink too much but she had to admit that the salty fries and pizza that she had was making her very thirsty, so she found herself drinking an entire large soda. When she finished that large soda she realized that maybe that wasn't the wisest decision but her thirst had gotten the better of her. The rest of the day she had better watch her liquid intake.

In fact by the time she was done eating Jill was wondering where exactly the bathroom was, and she found that there was one right in the cafeteria, but like usual there seemed to be a long line snaking down into the bathroom area, at least for the ladies room anyway, the men's room was conveniently free of a line as always. Jill shook her head and sighed to herself as she realized that this seemed to be universal everywhere, that it seemed like humanity could do a lot of great things, they could put a man on the moon yet they couldn't get a woman through a bathroom in an efficient amount of time as a man could.

"You know they could put a man on the moon but it seems like they can't make a ladies room without a gargantuan line, a positively Brobdingnagian one," Jill said as a couple of people nodded in agreement with her until she added the word Brobdingnagian. It was a word that she liked to use and it made her sound sophisticated, it was from Gulliver's travels and meant of immense size or quantity.

Despite the fact that it seemed like a lot of women in line agreed with her, they were all soon once again facing forward at the endless line of women in front of them. As Jill continued looking at the men coming in and out of the men's room it was getting her rather frustrated, whether on earth or some kind of distant planet it seemed like there was always going to be a line for the ladies room no matter where you went.

As Jill folded her arms and began tapping her foot impatiently at the stagnant line she actually did start wondering if sometime in the future when they had human colonies on all of the planets whether they would have ever achieved some kind of bathroom equity. She wouldn't be surprised if in the 22nd century there were woman on Mars or the moon waiting in long lines for the bathroom.

Jill also couldn't help but notice that there were lots of women with children in line for the bathroom, why did the women always get stuck with the children like that, that was one of the main reasons Jill didn't want children, she figured if she ever did have children she would have all boys, and by the time they were all enough to go to the bathroom by themselves she would be stuck waiting and they would all be stuck waiting for her everywhere they went.

It seemed like it took forever for Jill to finally getting to the bathroom, and by the time she got to the toilet she had to go to the bathroom even worse than she thought. That soda really does go right through you. The bathroom was rather cramped, and it almost felt like some kind of bathroom on some distant space colony, although whether that was intentional or not was difficult to say.

One of the positive things that Jill thought of in regards to the future is that at least the early space colonies would only have a few people, when they started having thousands of people in space she was wondering how much time and attention they would be paying to bathrooms, and whether all those bathrooms would be cramped little places like this one.

Finally finishing up in the bathroom Jill was glad to see that she felt a lot more relaxed. Something about soda always made her have to go to the bathroom. That is why when she was out and about she tried to stick mostly to water, because at least water didn't make her have to pee as quickly.

Jill continued walking around the museum now that the distraction of a full bladder was no longer bothering her. However she still found herself rather thirsty, so she was drinking down her water faster than she thought possible. Something about walking around in a museum like that sure makes you thirsty as it's rather exhausting work walking around a lot like that. Jill wasn't used to doing this much walking in a single day, but there was so much that she wanted to see at the museum.

Jill was walking around the museum she was so captivated by everything that she saw that she actually wasn't thinking about the fact that she was slowly drinking more and more liquid. In fact she was having so much fun she was barely thinking about anything else, but nature always catches up with you just like it did with poor Alan Shepard on that day waiting on the launchpad.

Although she was having a lot of fun, eventually Jill could not ignore the fact that she was feeling a lot of pressure in her bladder. Jill continued walking around and that was when she saw something that made it hard for her to forget her bladder. As she looked at the space toilet suddenly all of those thoughts of her full bladder came rushing back to her and she could no longer tell her bladder, sorry bladder I don't acknowledge you right now. Suddenly she had to go to the bathroom and she had to go to the bathroom pretty quickly.

She remembered where it was down in the food court area, but as she started going down the stairs she was glad to see that there didn't seem to be a line. Of course when she got there and saw the closed sign on the door she suddenly realized why, the only time you are going to see a ladies room without a long line in front of it is if the bathroom was closed.

"Excuse me, but when are you going to be opening the restroom again," Jill said as she saw a man outside of the restroom.

"The cafeteria restroom is closed for the day ma'am but there is a bathroom on the second floor," the man said pointing up to the second floor.

"Thank you," Jill said as she realized that she hadn't even checked out the second floor yet and that there was still a lot more to see. As she started walking towards the bathroom area she saw a long line of women waiting, and she was wondering what exhibit that was for but that was when she frowned as she realized that it wasn't an exhibit it was the line for the bathroom. "Holy freaking Jesus!" Jill said as she looked up and down the line seeing that it was snaking well down the museum. Jill looked at her watch and she looked at the line and she realized that the museum was probably not going to be open too long, and she thought that maybe if she waited a little bit the line wouldn't be as long, maybe this was just a long line because a lot of people probably ate their lunch just like she did.

As Jill looked at her watch and looked at the line she was trying to weigh her options carefully. She had to go to the bathroom but she figured she could wait a little while longer, she wasn't sure if it was quite an emergency, yet but she figured she could tell her bladder no for a little while longer.

As she was passing by the line that was when she saw the African-American woman from before who had made the comment about Hidden Figures.

"Well it looks like they do have a female bathroom here but certainly not enough," Jill said.

The woman nodded. "I remember you from before you were the one who is captivated by all of the bathroom related stuff, my name is Janet by the way."

"Jill," Jill said as she looked at Janet standing in line looking like she was crossing and uncrossing her legs. "This line is kind of ridiculous."

"Tell me about it."

"They can put a man on the moon but they can't seem to get women through the bathroom in a reasonable amount of time," Jill said as Janet laughed as that line seemed to be popular around here. As Jill stood there awkwardly outside of the line chatting with Janet and making small talk she knew that there was a question she wanted to ask but she wasn't sure exactly if she should ask it.

"I've been in line for like 25 minutes," Janet said rolling her eyes as the line didn't seem to be moving very quickly. "And the men's room, as always,"

"Is empty!" they both said laughing.

"You know I actually remember that my parents and grandparents said that under segregation in a lot of places they just didn't have bathrooms for women of color at all," Janet said. "And it's true that in a lot of places they don't seem to provide women's restrooms at all, regardless of the color of your skin, I mean what the hell is up with that?"

Jill had found a kindred spirit who shared both her interest in space exploration and her fixation on bathrooms. But as she stood there outside of the line talking to Janet who is inside of the line she knew that she couldn't hold back her question any longer because there were a lot of other things she was holding back, namely her bladder!

"Is there something on your mind Jill," Janet said seeing Jill looking up and down at the line.

"You don't suppose that maybe I could cut you in line, or maybe do a back cut?" Jill said as Janet looked at the women in front of her and behind her in line who seem to be frowning and shaking their heads.

"Well Jill it looks like the consensus is no cuts," Janet said as Jill stood there tapping her foot.

"And you really have been in line for 25 minutes already," Jill said as she could see that even after all of that time Janet still had a pretty large line in front of her.

"If you really have to go to the bathroom I think you should probably get in line," Janet said as she looked to the back of the line that was stretching far off into the distance.

"Well it was nice talking to you Janet, maybe I will see you later," Jill said as she started walking down the line and she could see that the line was snaking impossibly far, in fact as she got towards the end of the line she couldn't really see Janet at the beginning of the line. She once again looked at her watch. "Okay forget this, I have to go but this line is rather ridiculous, I am sure that if I go do something else by the time I am done doing that hopefully the line will be somewhat more tolerable."

As Jill went into the part of the museum about the future of spaceflight she was captivated at all of the possibilities of interstellar travel and colonizing Mars. People had been talking about sending humanity to Mars for a long time but it wasn't a major priority, perhaps a more major priority than having adequate restrooms for women down here on earth, but still not a total priority.

That was when Jill came across this interesting computer program where you could put in data for the Drake equation and it would tell you how many alien civilizations were in this galaxy based on how optimistic or pessimistic you were about all of the factors. When Jill punched in all of her estimates it ultimately estimated that there were 1.5 million alien civilizations in the galaxy.

"I wonder if those aliens have solved the bathroom problem," Jill said and now she realized that as much as she was enjoying all of this she really had to go to the bathroom.

"Tell me about it," another woman said as she came over to Jill. "My name is Gretchen and I am from Germany, and I can tell you it's the same everywhere in the world. I traveled all across the world so that I could visit these museums here in the United States, and it's true that no matter where you go there are lines for the ladies room, it's so universal I wouldn't be surprised if there are alien women somewhere waiting in line for the bathroom. But then maybe those alien women have something like multiple bladders or something, or a more efficient means of relieving themselves."

"Yeah I had to go to the bathroom really bad but the bathroom line was just outrageous."

"Tell me about it I was probably in line for like 45 minutes, and I didn't even think I would have time after that to check out this part of the museum and I am part of a tour, so this will be my only chance to see everything in the museum," Gretchen said.

"45 minutes in line, Jesus, is the line at least a little bit shorter now maybe," Jill said as Gretchen frowned and shook her head.

"Take it from me, if you have to go really bad right now you had better get in line right away," Gretchen said as Jill suddenly felt a nervousness in the pit of her stomach. She could tell from the look on Gretchen's face that she was dead serious about this.

"Mommy I have to go to the bathroom," a young girl said to her mother.

"Forget about it, we don't have time to wait in that line, you know how long that is, I told you not to drink that much," the mother said to her daughter who looked rather agitated. That may Jill suddenly feel foolish, she felt almost like that mother was talking to her, like she was a stupid girl for drinking so much when she knew that the bathroom situation probably wouldn't be ideal.

Gretchen laughed at that comment. "She's right you know, if you have to go I do not envy you," Gretchen said as Jill realized that her time for relief was probably running out. "You know I was always a space nerd as well, so getting to see this place, I know how it's easy to lose track of time but believe me I'm glad I went to the bathroom."

Jill was about to bolt off to the bathroom but then Gretchen started talking about all manner of things about the future of space that Jill found rather riveting. However the entire time that Gretchen was talking Jill was crossing and uncrossing her legs trying not to think about her bladder.

"You know Gretchen, it's really been nice to talking to you and everything, but," Jill said as she danced from foot to foot.

Gretchen laughed. "I'm sorry it's just sometimes when I get talking it's easy for me to get carried away and forget that other people have other needs to attend to. Like I remember this one time when I was in Germany –"

Gretchen began relating a bunch of stories about her time in Germany as Jill continued to stand there with her legs crossed, Gretchen didn't seem to be very concerned over the fact that she had to go to the bathroom.

"Well again Gretchen, it's been nice talking to you but," Jill said hopping from 1 foot to the other, pointing out to the door of the room that they were in as Gretchen started walking with her as Jill practically froze in her tracks because now the line to the bathroom was blocking the entrance to the exhibit that they were going to see. "Oh God this is not good."

"Yeah, like I said you probably should have gotten in line for the bathroom earlier," Gretchen said and Jill simply nodded, not wanting to bring up the fact that Gretchen had been talking to her for a good 20 minutes delaying her getting to the bathroom.

Jill stood there in the line as Gretchen went on talking about a various range of topics as Jill just sort of smiled and nodded because now she could barely think about anything other than the fact that she had to pee really bad. Gretchen was certainly very social, she didn't seem to mind chatting up another woman in the bathroom line.

The line moved along very slowly and inched forward as Jill looked at the Skylab exhibit right across from her as Gretchen continued talking and that was when she saw Janet coming over and waving.

"Hey it's you the bathroom girl, now in line for the bathroom," Janet said as she came over.

"Janet this is Gretchen, she's from Germany," Jill said as Janet and Gretchen began chatting.

"I actually just got out of the bathroom not that long ago," Janet said.

"Wow that's pretty bad," Jill said but by now she was so frantic she could barely concentrate.

"Yeah I was in line for probably like 45 minutes," Gretchen said.

Janet nodded. "Yeah that sounds about right."

"Maybe the line will move faster," Jill said as she pressed her knees together and danced around in place. She really wished that she hadn't waited this long because now she really had to go, like super super bad. She had lunch earlier and went to the bathroom but now it had probably been a good couple of hours, maybe like three or four hours.

Janet sort of waved her hand in sort of a not exactly kind of motion. "Yeah I wouldn't count on that. In fact now as the day is getting on I think this is when there is sort of a rush towards the bathrooms."

"Yeah you definitely should have gotten in line sooner," Gretchen said as she and Janet nodded at each other. Jill wanted to shout that maybe if Gretchen hadn't delayed her about 20 or 25 minutes she would have, but she didn't want to be rude, no matter how full her bladder was she always tried to be polite as these women were friendly and just trying to help.

"Yeah when I was in line for 25 minutes when I saw you before I was nowhere even close to where you are right now," Janet said.

"Yeah and the museum closes at 5 PM," Gretchen said as they all looked at their watches.

"It's like 4:35 PM now," Janet said. "It's too bad you weren't like Alan Shepard and wearing a spacesuit so that you could easily just go to the bathroom wherever you want."

"Yes, it's the future," Gretchen said. "A future where women don't have to wait in line for the bathroom, although that's probably a far future kind of Science Fiction."

As they were talking about the future of space exploration and staring at the Skylab exhibit right across from them, that was when they saw the tour guide from earlier as she looked at the ladies room line and frowned and began walking away. Jill wondered if she had any chance to take a bathroom break during the day if the lines were this long all day long.

"Everybody the museum will be closing in 20 minutes," the tour guide said as Jill once again frantically looked at her watch.

"I guess it's a game of beat the clock," Gretchen said.

"I think she can still make it," Janet said but she sort of looked at Gretchen in a way that said there's no way that she's going to get to go to the bathroom before the museum closes.

"Maybe the line will move a little bit faster when everybody realizes that we don't have a lot of time left," Jill said trying to rationalize it. As she looked at her watch, and she looked at the line in front of her, she sort of looked at Gretchen, and if Gretchen hadn't kept her waiting and chatting for another 20 or 25 minutes she would have been further ahead in line.

"I would say that maybe you should just use the men's room," Janet said and Jill was seriously considering it but she could see what looked like museum security guys were over there and she didn't want to risk getting out of line.

"Attention everybody the museum will be closing in 10 minutes," an announcement said as Jill looked to the front of the line and realized that she could barely even see the front of the line.

"Oh my God, hurry up!" Jill said as she patted the sides of her legs with her hands as she sometimes did when she was frustrated.

"Yeah they're not going to hurry up," Janet said, and now Jill felt like she was truly frantic. "You probably should have gotten in line when you saw me earlier, sorry I couldn't let you cut."

"No it's not your fault, I probably shouldn't have gotten in line my first saw you in line but I guess I was just so eager to see everything in the museum that it made me override my normal sound judgment about bathrooms," Jill said. "I really could use a spacesuit diaper right now!"

As Jill stood there tapping her foot impatiently and crossing her arms across her chest, she had to admit that Janet and Gretchen were good company, but at the same time she felt like she should have listened to Janet earlier, and perhaps should have not allowed Gretchen to keep talking to her excessively.

"Well hey at least we all got to see everything in the museum," Janet said.

"Yes a once in a lifetime opportunity," Gretchen said.

"Actually I didn't get to see all of the museum," Jill said as she shifted from leg to leg.

"Which part of the museum did you miss out on?" Janet asked.

"I didn't get to see the inside of the ladies room," Jill said as Janet and Gretchen laughed as she continued pressing her knees together.

"The restrooms were actually pretty nice, even though they didn't have enough of them," Janet said.

"Yes I have traveled around the world and I can say that the bathrooms here were actually pretty nice, although there are really big gaps in the stalls, in Germany we have total privacy in the restroom," Gretchen said.

"Attention ladies and gentlemen, the museum is now closing," one of the security officers said as announcement came over the loudspeaker asking everybody to exit the museum.

"Do you think we could just use the restroom before we leave," Jill asked one of the security guards who simply shook his head.

"I'm sorry but if we extended the museum closing time for everybody to use the bathroom the museum would have to probably stay open another 45 minutes," the security guard said.

"Don't worry I'm sure that there is probably a bathroom around here somewhere," Janet said as she and Gretchen exchanged worried looks.

"Come on, we will find you a bathroom," Gretchen said as the three of them walked downstairs and slowly walked out of the building. Jill took one last look at Alan Shepard's spacesuit and thought that at least he was able to get to go to the bathroom before his historic journey.

"Well that was a lot of fun," Janet said as they walked out of the building and stood there nodding and agreeing.

"Maybe sometime I will come back again so that I can check out the ladies room," Jill said as they all laughed. "Look you have been really nice to me and everything, but I really really need to get to a bathroom, like bad, like super bad."

"Maybe they will have a bathroom in one of the other museums," Gretchen said.

"I think that they all close at the same time," Janet said as they looked around.

"Well I mean they have to have bathrooms around here somewhere," Jill said as she continued shifting from leg to leg.

Janet got out her phone and began looking and shaking her head. "You know I actually live around here in DC, and I can tell you there are literally no bathrooms. Once the museums are closed there are no bathrooms in this area whatsoever."

"How can there be no bathrooms?" Jill said now getting extremely agitated.

"Under segregation they often didn't have bathrooms for women of color, I don't know how they did without them, I know I certainly appreciate a good bathroom, and the museum bathrooms like I said were actually pretty nice," Janet said as Gretchen nodded.

"Yes like I said I have traveled around the world, and those were some pretty amazing bathrooms, you probably should have gotten in line for them sooner," Gretchen said as Jill simply smiled and nodded even though she wanted to shout at Gretchen that if she hadn't kept her from getting in line for 20 or 30 minutes maybe she would have just barely been able to make it into the restroom in time.

"Yeah it was like the space-age in there, and I think that that line probably could have stretched from the earth to the moon and back, probably longer than time and space itself," Janet said.

"Yeah I know what you mean," Jill said as she stood there with her legs tightly crossed. Now this was beyond an emergency, now this was just bathroom panic mode. That was when Jill saw a man approaching and went up to him. "Excuse me sir but you know where there any bathrooms that I can use?"

The man laughed. "In this area there aren't any public bathrooms whatsoever, I mean if I were you I would just use a bush."

"Yeah not an option," Jill said standing there feeling rather foolish as this man was lecturing her about peeing in the bushes as though it were so easy.

"You probably should have just used the bathroom in the museum, except now the bathrooms are closed," the man said. "Anyway good luck."

As the man walked away Jill shook her head. "Well maybe if my bathroom didn't have a line that was 45 minutes long, and if somebody didn't distract me for 20 or 25 minutes I would have been able to do that. Sorry Gretchen, I didn't intend to blame you or anything for keeping me from the bathroom."

Gretchen laughed. "Yes sometimes I can get carried away chatting with people, but I think that everybody around here is pretty helpful, I am sure that there are options out here other than just going in a bush like some kind of animal."

As Jill looked over in the corner she could see a man looking like he was actually peeing in the bushes. "God give me strength."

"Disgusting," said a woman as she looked over in the direction of the man urinating. "Don't they realize that there are women and children out here? Even my daughter has better bladder control than someone like that."

As Jill looked at the woman and her child that was when she recognized her as that mother whose child was complaining about using the bathroom before, and it seemed like they were both fairly comfortable.

"Excuse me miss but do you know where there is a ladies room around here," Jill said and the woman could see that Jill was clearly frantic and she sort of smiled at that.

"You know I have learned the hard way that if you're going to be out here on the national mall you should watch your liquid intake," the woman said but it seemed even her daughter was nodding and that made Jill even more infuriated.

"You know maybe I will remember that next time," Jill said as she was finding all of these people were not very helpful. As Jill stood there trying to keep herself composed that was when the woman started chatting with Gretchen and Janet about how they had just been in the museum and all the wonderful sites that they had seen.

"And did you see that space toilet," the mother said as Gretchen and Janet nodded and Jill nodded reluctantly as well. It seemed like Gretchen was now chatting up that mother, and Jill knew that if she didn't get going soon she was going to be in an even more dire state than she already was.

Jill felt like this was a cruel twist of fate. All of those women had managed to be able to use the bathroom and they all seemed so relaxed and comfortable just talking about their day in the museum. But now all Jill could think about was her bladder, the fun day that she had in the museum was now being overshadowed by discomfort she was feeling at the moment.

"Well it was nice chatting with you," Gretchen said as Jill realized that they had been waiting there good 10 or 15 minutes because of Gretchen's desire to chat with everybody that she meets. "Sorry once I get chatting sometimes I get carried away as you know. Anyway what we talking about before, didn't we want to go somewhere or do something? I mean do you want to go get something to drink or something."

"Well before we got distracted we were looking for a freaking bathroom!" Jill said.

"Oh yeah I completely forgot," Gretchen said as she laughed casually.

"Yes sometimes when you are talking and having good conversation you forget about everything, and you don't have a care in the world," Janet said.

"Yeah I have a lot of cares right now, like getting to a bathroom," Jill said.

"You know I think I could really use something to drink right now," Janet said. "What about you guys, do you want anything to drink?"

"I think I'm good," Jill said as she danced around in place.

"You know I could really use something to drink as well, like I am incredibly thirsty, like if you have ever been so thirsty that you can't think about anything else," Gretchen said.

"I know a couple of other things that make it hard to think about anything else," Jill said. "Can we please please please get back to the finding of a ladies room."

"Look there's a kiosk over there, let's go get something to drink and maybe they will have a bathroom or know where we can find a bathroom," Gretchen said as Jill once again patted the sides of herself with her hands and reluctantly followed Gretchen and Janet down the street to a kiosk where they all got something to drink, even Jill.

"Excuse me sir, but I really really have to go to the bathroom, can you tell me where there is a bathroom around here," Jill said.

The man laughed. "Around here, I would use the museum."

"Yeah we just came from the museum," Jill said.

"Oh really, which museum," the kiosk owner said.

"The national air and space Museum," Janet said as the man nodded and they started talking about all the great sites at the museum before Jill ended up tapping them on the shoulders. "Sorry, I forgot my friend here really really badly needed the bathroom."

The three of them stood there sipping their drinks not exactly sure what to do in that circumstance. That was when they saw another familiar face, it looked like the tour guide from the museum.

"Hey aren't you the tour guide from the museum," Jill said.

"Yes, I am my name is Stacy," Stacy said shaking Jill's hand as well as Gretchen and Janet. "How did you like your trip to the museum ladies?"

"Oh it was really great," Gretchen said as she started going on and on about all the great sites at the museum before Jill ended up clearing her throat.

"The museum was really great except they threw us out before I could use the bathroom," Jill said.

"Oh yeah the lines at the museum are just terrible, absolutely awful, and the one bad thing about the museum, by the end of the day when work is over I am always so relieved to finally go to the bathroom, and it's a really nice bathroom that they actually have thee, it's a shame you didn't get to use it on this particular visit," Stacy said.

"Look there are there any other bathrooms around here I am absolutely bursting here," Jill said.

"Yeah you probably should have used the bathrooms at the museum," Stacy said.

"I'll try to remember that next time," Jill said trying to control the tone of her voice as she was now getting rather agitated.

"Well anyway ladies I hope that you will visit the museum again sometime and give us a good review online," Stacy said as they waved to her as she left.

"She was nice," Gretchen said. "She reminds me of this one woman I knew in Germany –"

"Bathroom!" Jill shouted. "Need bathroom now!"

"Well girl you have got to go really bad if you can't even form complete sentences," Janet said as she sipped her drink. "Look maybe if we just walk around we will find a bathroom."

"Yes sometimes when I have to go really bad it helps to just walk it off, enjoy the lovely scenery and just try not to think about it," Gretchen said.

"It's kind of hard to ignore the feeling of an imminent explosion," Jill said. "I feel like one of those rockets that's ready to blast off."

Three of them began walking around the national mall and they didn't see any sign of a public bathroom anywhere. At one point they saw a sign saying that new public restrooms were coming but it wouldn't be for several years.

"Just don't think about it," Jill said as she continued walking but it was getting difficult to walk now because she had to go so badly. "I don't think I can hold it much longer, I feel like I'm ready to pop!"

"Jill for what it's worth I wish that I had let you cut in line for the restroom, but you know I don't think that the other women would have appreciated that," Janet said.

"You know there's a bathroom in that direction but it's probably about a 15 minute walk," a man said going up to them. "Sorry, I couldn't help but overhear your conversation."

"15 minutes, I don't know if I can wait 15 minutes," Jill said bending at the knees and pressing her knees together.

"Yeah it is probably like a 1/2 mile from here," the man said. "Anyway I would get going if I were you if you really have to go that badly."

"What am I going to do now?" Jill asked.

"Well remember that scene in Hidden Figures where she had to go to the bathroom a mile away," Janet said as she patted Jill on the back and laughed.

"Come on ladies, I'm going to sprint," Jill said as she began running like she had never run before. She felt like she was playing a game of beat the clock, she probably hadn't been to the bathroom in like five or six hours now and she was practically ready to scream but finally she saw what looked like a public restroom, but of course it seemed like there was a line for the bathroom.

"You know I think seeing her have to go so bad made me have to go so bad, that and all the drinking that we were doing along the way," Janet said as she and Gretchen got in line with Jill. "Just try to think about all of those alien women desperately holding on with their several alien bladders. Think about the future Jill, think about a future where there will be pristine toilets for everybody, a future where people won't even have to go to the bathroom, they will just think about it and they will gain instant relief."

Jill jumped up and down until it was finally her turn to use the restroom as she pushed open the stall door, slammed it shut behind her and pulled down her pants just quick enough and as soon as she did her ass had barely hit the seat before she was ready for blastoff.

As Jill sat back on the toilet moaning with relief when she came out of the stall there were a bunch of women who were clapping.

"Ladies and gentlemen, the woman of the future," Janet said as she pointed to Jill as everybody continued clapping.

"To a future with more bathrooms," Jill said as the three women high-fived each other and Jill thought, now that she could think again, all things considered, it was a pretty amazing day.

*001*2024-12-05 21:52

The story behind the story https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/17571.html

