Planet of Desperation - Part II - Page 2

Author: DerivativeWings

*032*2018-03-16 09:23

{{7 hours ago, herinfinitedesp said:

First, you're looking way too hard at the conceit.

Second, there are WAY, WAY easier possible answers than where you're going. Just make the answers social rather than chemical. Remember we only know the humans part, so ANYTHING not directly observable could easily be an elaborate lie.

Maybe they ADDED crazy things to change the metabolites -- bacteria, nanobots, whatever -- and they just kill anyone who looks too close and notices.

Maybe the spacefaring culture has a bunch of old tech but is actually shit at real/new science and are faking it. So maybe they don't know WHAT weird metabolites make it work out.

Or treat it as a megarich luxury good instead of an industrial product. More like why we don't charge high prices for synthetic wine or perfect diamonds. (maybe the Urene the humans get IS synthetic) But maybe the richest aliens really want it to be authentic. Probably they also get a three dimensional replay of the desperate human as a certificate of authenticity.

}}

This was extremely fun to read ~ I wonder if people will eventually be satisfied with the answers provided haha.

Ch 8 is on it's way-ish. I've been a little busy, but it should come on out soon maybe sorta.

*037*2018-05-05 18:07

Yeah, I was hoping I would be able to finish chapter 8 back then at least so part II could be tied up nicely, but life got in the way.

The series certainly ain't dead though, and I'm very happy to hear you enjoy it.

*040*2019-03-24 20:54

{{38 minutes ago, Biku said:

I never got around to upvoting this, i always liked these a lot

}}

I'm honored to hear that - looking back on them there are a few things I don't love with the way I wrote these, but I still like the setting a lot. Due to my old computer giving up all life the chance of a continuation is almost nil (I had a lot of details about the world and characters stored which are now forever lost).

I have toyed with the idea of finishing chapter 8 since I have it about half-written, but that seems almost cruel given it would be a huge cliffhanger and probably be the last chapter I ever write for the series. The fact that part II was never actually finished irks me.

