Desperate in the Parking Garage

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2020-08-16 13:34

This current story I wrote the other night and it was inspired by a conversation I had in another thread. Someone was talking about how they wanted to write a story about someone lost in this place that is like a maze and they can't find the bathroom and that made me think of The Parking Garage episode of Seinfeld, and then I got the idea to do sort of a gender reverse version of that episode. Basically in that episode Jerry becomes desperate to pee and then gets arrested for public urination while they are lost in the parking garage.

In the version that I thought of is a reimagining where although the other guys are desperate as well, the main focus is on Elaine who is the one who is desperate and can't go to the bathroom as easily as guys can. You can enjoy this even if you are not a fan of Seinfeld, but if you are a fan of Seinfeld I have lots of references to stuff from other episodes as well that I think just fit really well into the story so I hope you enjoy. So here you go! And I have definitely been in lots of situations where it was hard to find the ladies room in a crowded place and it really is frustrating the way they hide the restrooms like that so I think it's a very real type of situation and highly relatable.

Also available in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/2989.html

Desperate in the Parking Garage

Elaine was walking really quickly making rapid long strides as she walked through the parking garage as she held up her little bag containing a fish.

"You are walking rather funny Elaine, is something the matter?" Jerry asked.

"Nothing is the matter, I just want to get home so that my fish don't die," Elaine said as she sort of shifted from leg to leg dancing in place. Looking at the water in the bag containing her fish didn't make it any easier to focus on ignoring the fact that her bladder was extremely full because she hadn't gone to the bathroom the entire day.

Jerry shook his head. "Are you sure? You look kind of antsy."

"I am antsy because I want to get home so that I can put my fish in a fishbowl rather than keeping it in this little bag where it will surely die after a while," Elaine said shaking her head. "You know that fish don't survive very long in these little baggies."

Jerry smiled. "I just wish we had managed to find a bathroom in that place. Why is it that they seem to hide the bathrooms around here? Don't they realize that people need to urinate while they are shopping and spending the entire day away from home?"

"But it seems like they especially hide the ladies room really well," Elaine said as she continued to shift from foot to foot. "Not that I need the ladies room or anything like that, or even would use a disgusting public restroom like that even if I really did have to go."

"Really you wouldn't, even if there was a bathroom available?"

"Why did you see one?"

Jerry shook his head. "No I haven't seen a bathroom all day, but why do you ask if you don't need one?"

"I'm just curious, you know from a sociological point of view."

"From a sociological point of view? How is it a bathroom is something that would have something to do with sociology?"

"You can tell a real lot about society by its placement and availabilities of bathrooms, especially along gender lines. Did you ever notice that there is always a line for the ladies room but none at the men's room?"

"Yeah I occasionally noticed that, when I use the bathroom really quickly. You women should definitely hurry it up in there if you don't want to have long lines."

Elaine wanted to argue with Jerry but the pressure in her bladder was mounting and she didn't really feel like getting in a sustained sociological argument about bathrooms while she felt on the brink of wetting herself.

"You know I can tell you where the best bathrooms are anywhere in the city," George said.

"Do you know where the bathroom is around here?" Jerry asked.

George shook his head. "Nope, I'm afraid not, and I doubt a place like this would have a very nice bathroom, probably not the type that you would actually want to use."

"You men and your toilets," Elaine said shaking her head and trying to be very subtle about the fact that she was crossing her legs and bending at the knees a bit.

"Are you sure you don't need a toilet Elaine, you look like you are a bit antsy and you haven't used the bathroom all day just like the rest of us," Jerry said.

"I do not need a bathroom!" Elaine said as she stomped her foot in an effort to try and take her mind off of her bladder, but the jostling of her foot just made the pressure in her bladder more intense. She looked at the little fish in the baggie and she thought to herself how nice it must be for the fish able to pee wherever the hell it wants even though it meant swimming in its own urine.

"If you need to pee why don't you just go between two cars," Kramer said.

"You men are animals, peeing wherever the hell you want, don't you ever think about holding it maybe," Elaine said trying not to make it obvious she was dancing in place.

"I do take some pride in being able to hold it as I think that there is probably too much urinary freedom in this society," Jerry said.

"Yeah if you're a guy," Elaine said under her breath as she gritted her teeth and pressed her knees together.

"What was that Elaine?" Jerry asked with a smile, indicating that he probably heard what she said and knew exactly what her situation was at the moment.

"Nothing, let's just find the damn car as quickly as possible!" Elaine shouted in agitation.

"You mean for the fish right?" Jerry said raising his eyebrow and smiling.

"Yes, of course for the fish!" Elaine said as she held up the little bag containing her fish and pointed to it.

"This fish desperately needs to get home as quickly as possible as it's a matter of life and death."

George snorted. "It's not like the fish is going to explode if it doesn't get home in a certain amount of time."

Elaine really wished that he hadn't used the word explode as she got right up in his face. "Listen, this fish is going to die, and I am not going to let this fish die on my watch, you got it!"

"Okay okay, calm down Elaine," George said as he backed off. "You don't need to get uptight and all crazy about it. Don't be hysterical."

"I am not hysterical, I just want to get home so that I can get my fish in the fishbowl, I really want to get that fish on the bowl," Elaine said as she pictured her ass sitting on a bowl of its own, namely the toilet bowl.

"Does anybody remember where we parked the car?" Kramer asked.

"I thought it was around here somewhere, these parking garages are like a maze, like a labyrinth or something, makes me think that maybe some type of Minotaur is just gonna jump out and eat us or something," George said as he shook his head.

"Well let's find it quickly, my fish are dying here," Elaine said as she held up the fish in Jerry's face.

"Are you sure it's your fish that is dying," Jerry said as he could clearly see that Elaine was quite desperate to go to the bathroom, probably even more than he was.

Elaine nodded. "Of course it's my fish, I'm not not the one who is going to die if I don't get home and get this on the bowl right away." Once again all she could think of was sitting down on the toilet bowl and letting loose.

They continued walking around for several minutes but they saw no sign of their car anywhere. At one point they saw a guy with a hose who was just using it to sort of spray down the floor. When Elaine saw that she tightly crossed her legs and started bobbing up and down.

""Do you really have to be using that hose in here?!" Elaine shouted as the sound of all that running water was driving her frantic.

"Hey I have to clean the floor somehow," the man said.

"Well it's really rude to be spraying all that water all over the place like that."

"But how is that rude?" the man asked as he scratched his head and looked puzzled.

"Yes Elaine, I am wondering exactly what is rude about spraying a hose all over the place," Jerry said as he seemed to put his hands in his pocket as though he were trying to subtly grab himself.

"Nothing, it just is," Elaine said. "You could get somebody wet with it, and believe me I really really don't want to get wet right now." All Elaine could think about was the fact that she wanted to piss herself, and seeing all that running water was just making that feeling even more intense. Luckily she could see that Jerry seemed to be in a similar situation, so that gave her some leverage.

"You guys I don't think we're ever going to find the car," George said.

"Or a damn bathroom," Elaine said under her breath.

"What was that Elaine?" Jerry asked with a smile.

"Nothing, I'm just really concerned about my fish," she said as she once again held up the bag containing her fish, and at that moment all she could think about was peeing into the bag, even though she didn't think it would hold all of her urine and it would surely kill her fish.

"Hey there's a woman, maybe she could give us a ride to help us look for our car," George said as he approached the woman. "Hi I am George. I hate to ask this but do you think maybe you could help drive us around the parking garage? My friends and I have been lost for what seems like more than a half hour just looking for our car and we can't seem to find it anywhere."

"My name is Lucy, sure I will drive you around, you seem like nice people," Lucy said as she opened her car door.

"Thank you, it's a real emergency," Elaine said as she very slowly sat down and crossed her legs tightly, as she didn't want to soak the back seat of this poor woman's car.

"An emergency?" Lucy asked.

"Yeah she's worried that her fish are going to die if she doesn't get them to the bowl right away," Jerry said "Right Elaine?"

"Yes of course, what other type of emergency did you think I was referring to," Elaine said as Lucy began driving around the parking garage."Hey watch those speed bumps!" The speed bump really jostled Elaine's bladder and only by grabbing herself discretely was she able to avoid losing control completely.

"Let's listen to some music," Lucy said as she turned on the radio which was playing the song don't go chasing waterfalls.

"Do you think maybe you could change the station," Elaine said as she gritted her teeth and dug her nails tightly into the fabric of the car seat.

"What's wrong with this song?" Kramer asked.

"Let's just change to a different station," Elaine said as Lucy turned the dial and the song raindrops keep falling on my head began playing. "How about another one?" Lucy turned the dial again and they were playing the song under pressure. "Actually maybe it would be easier to concentrate on finding the car without any music, music can be really distracting when you are desperately looking for something." Elaine had to admit that as she was looking out the window she was looking as much for a bathroom as she was looking for the car. Although she hated public bathrooms right now she would take anything that she could get.

"I know, why don't I tell everybody a joke, I have some really great jokes," George said. "Okay so these two Scientologists walk into a bar –"

"Get out, get out right now!" Lucy said as she stopped the car and forced them to get out before driving off in anger.

As they looked at the back of her car driving away they saw a bumper sticker with an image of a volcano that said Dianetics on it and a license plate that said luvLRon on it.

George shook his head. "Those Scientologists just can't take a joke I guess."

"Way to go George, you probably killed my fish," Elaine said.

"Well how was I supposed to know she was affiliated with that group," George said as he shook his head.

"Okay, now I really do need a bathroom," Jerry said. "Is anybody coming?"

"Why?" Elaine asked.

"I think I'm just going to have to go between two cars," Jerry said.

"What, are you an animal like a dog or something like that?" Elaine said shaking her head. "What about how you take pride in holding it and how we have too much urinary freedom in society?"

Jerry shook his head. "Normally I wouldn't but it's that or piss myself, and there is no pride in wetting your pants. And if a man doesn't have the freedom to relieve himself to avoid wet pants then can we even say that we still live in a free society?"

"Sure, now you get all philosophical about it," Elaine said. "If I recall correctly Patrick Henry didn't say give me the liberty not to piss myself or give me death. You men are such animals when it comes to relieving yourselves."

"Sorry Elaine, but what's more animallike, wetting yourself or relieving yourself in a more sanitary manner that expels the liquid just the same but while keeping your pants dry," Jerry said. "Now the three of you stand guard, I'm going to go pee between these two cars."

Elaine was infuriated but she stood there with George and Kramer blocking the view of Jerry as he started peeing on the wall between the two cars. The sound of him urinating was making Elaine practically want to scream but she tried her best to maintain her composure. Knowing that Jerry was going to the bathroom and that they were now no longer on an equal playing field just made her have to go even more. But she wasn't going to give in and go to the bathroom and degrade herself by squatting in a parking garage like a dog.

"You know I think I have to go too," George said. "It has been a long time and I don't think we are going to find the car anytime soon. A parking garage may not be the bathroom at the Ritz-Carlton but when you gotta go you gotta go and you take what you can get."

"After you're done I have to go," Kramer said.

"Oh for Christ's sake!" Elaine said as she shook her head. "You men really are all pigs."

So Elaine stood there trying to drown out the sound of George and Kramer taking a piss but now knowing that everybody had gone except her she could barely contain herself. She was shifting wildly from leg to leg and crossing and uncrossing herself as she danced around in place.

"What about you Elaine?" Jerry said.

"What about me?" Elaine said as she pointed to herself as she continued shifting from leg to leg.

"Well are you going to go to the bathroom as well?" Jerry asked.

"I don't have to go to the bathroom!" Elaine said as she pointed to herself and looked away contemptuously.

"Come on Elaine, we're not stupid, you can barely stand still," Jerry said. "I had to go to the bathroom, George and Kramer had to go to the bathroom, you've been without a bathroom all day just like us and we know you have been drinking a lot. So don't even try to tell us that you don't have to go to the bathroom."

Elaine sort of danced in place and screamed. "Okay so I do have to go to the bathroom, so what?!"

"So do you want to pop a squat between the cars?" Kramer asked.

Elaine shook her head.

"There's no shame in it Elaine," Jerry said. "We all did it."

"Well firstly it's much easier for you guys to be discreet about it," Elaine said as she held up her finger and counted the number one. "Secondly unlike you guys I am not some type of animal. I am a lady and unlike you men I don't view the entire world as my own personal toilet. You know what I view as a toilet, a toilet, that's it. And I will continue holding it until I get to a toilet because I have more self-control than you guys."

"Are you sure Elaine?" Jerry asked.

"I've never been more positive about anything in my life," Elaine said once again looking away contemptuously as all of them heard the sound of rain trickling down from outside. All of them looked at Elaine and Elaine looked back at them and they all sort of smirked at her. "Oh shut up, let's just find the damn car already, my fish are dying here!"

"That's not the only thing that's dying here," George said under his breath.

"What was that," Elaine said as she got right up in his face and grabbed his chin. "Was that really what you meant to say or maybe was it the opposite of what you meant to say?"

"Come on Elaine let's just find the car," Jerry said. "The sooner that we find the car the sooner you can get home and put your fish on that bowl."

"I just want to put my ass on that bowl," Elaine said under her breath as they continued walking and walking and walking as the rain continued pouring and pouring and pouring.

After another 20 minutes of not finding the car Elaine could barely contain herself. She knew if she didn't go to the bathroom she was going to wet herself, and the thought of wetting herself in public was more humiliating than anything she could imagine.

"I don't think that we are ever going to find the car," Kramer said as he pointed in one direction.. "Why don't I look over here?"

"Okay you guys look in that direction, I think the car might be over here," Elaine said as she pointed in the opposite direction and began rapidly running off before looking around to make sure that nobody was looking. She grabbed the sides of her skirt and started rubbing the material between her fingers. "Okay Elaine you can do this, nobody's looking, there's no shame in it and nobody ever needs to know."

Elaine slowly and carefully maneuvered herself between two cars and began pulling down her skirt and panties until she was squatting with her ass out between two cars. She sat there for a minute and despite the fact that the pressure in her bladder was almost unbearable now she couldn't pee out a single drop.

"God damn my inhibitions," Elaine said as she started whistling and trying to think of running water, waterfalls, puddles and a gentle spring rain, but no matter what she did she couldn't get a single drop to come out, even though she could feel like she was about ready to explode. She never realized just how pee shy she was even when nobody was looking, except then she looked up and saw a man with a flashlight shining it in her face.

"What are you doing there young lady?" the police officer said as he lifted her up and she pulled up her skirt and panties.

"I wasn't doing what you think I was doing, I was just looking for a lost contact lens," Elaine said.

As the security officer dragged Elaine away that was when she saw Jerry, George and Kramer waving to her.

"Elaine we found the car!" Jerry said.

"I think Elaine might be in trouble," Kramer said as they watched her get dragged off.

As Elaine sat there across from the security officer she had her legs tightly crossed and was struggling with all of her willpower not to piss herself.

"I wasn't trying to pee between two parked cars like some animal," Elaine said. "I really was looking for my lost contact lens."

"With your skirt and panties at your ankles with your naked ass hanging out in a squatting position?" the officer said with a raised eyebrow.

"Look you don't understand, I have had a real difficult day," Elaine said shaking her head. "I just really want to get home, because if I don't get home and get to that bowl right away my fish are going to die."

The officer smiled. "I think you're thinking about getting to another bowl."

"I have a bladder condition, don't you realize I could get a bladder infection from holding it all day, I could get a urinary tract infection," Elaine said. "I am very prone to them and I was just thinking of my health. Wouldn't you have done the same in a similar situation? Should I damage my kidneys, a major organ, just for the sake of social propriety? And why don't you have any easily spotted bathrooms around this place, don't you realize that people have to pee during the day?!"

"Actually we have a bathroom right down the hall."

"Then may I please at least use the bathroom before you decide to press charges against me?" Elaine shifted and rocked back and forth in her seat as she tightly crossed her legs and gritted her teeth.

The officer laughed. "Wow you really do have to go. Well you know what, I am understanding, so I guess this is a first offense, so okay I will not press charges and you can go use the bathroom."

"Really?" Elaine said practically glowing with enthusiasm.

"Yeah, go ahead."

"Thank you!" Elaine shouted as she bolted from her chair and ran down the hallway where another woman beat her to the bathroom. "Please I really need the bathroom, it's an emergency!"

"I'm sorry but I was here first," the woman said as she grabbed the handle. "Otherwise you'd be the one holding the handle to the door to the bathroom and be sitting on the toilet and peeing right now."

"And who the hell are you?" Elaine asked as she danced from foot to foot.

"I'm Susie," she said as she opened the bathroom door, quickly went inside and slammed the door in Elaine's face.

Elaine tried to open the door but found it was locked and she began pounding on it and screaming. "Susie!"

"Well you are lucky that the officer was nice," Jerry said as he met up with Elaine later.

"This never would have happened to me if I had a penis," Elaine said.

"You should have gone while we were all going so that we could have stood guard for you," George said.

"George, shut up," Elaine said. "After everything we have been through I just want to get home and hopefully my fish will survive long enough to make it there." She looked at the fish swimming around in its bag and she once again thought how disgusting it is that it was swimming around in its own urine, but she still envied it for having a bathroom everywhere around it.

"Guys," Kramer said.

"What?!" Elaine said as she looked at him as they approached the entrance of the parking garage.

"I think I forgot where we parked again," Kramer said as he scratched the back of his head.

Elaine shook her head, took her large coffee and dumped it out on the floor because after everything else that happened she wasn't taking chances again.

*003*2020-08-20 16:18

"Did she wet? I couldn't tell because of the gap."

I didn't really intend to imply that she wet herself, but I guess it was rather ambiguous. But the fact that she has to go again and pours out her coffee at the end I thought was indicative of the fact that whatever she did she had to go to the bathroom again, so that maybe she still didn't get to go to the bathroom!

