Not so enjoyable party

Author: Deepest

*000*2022-08-08 23:18

This is my first story on the site. I've been dwelling here for about 2 years but haven't really made an account. This account was made just today, infact!

I have a few main mechanics in my stories and stuff:

- Coloured text within the story itself means I am talking to you through the fourth wall

- This symbol right here -- ' ', the winky face, is a foreshadow for future events

- All characters within any one of my work is completely fictional and are all above the age of 18

Disclaimer:

- Grammar isn't my strongest suit (English 2nd language) so bare with me if i make mistakes

- I am no author. So it's not gonna super good

- These *fictional* stories are pulled from the deepest, darkest recesses of my mind. So if it does not suit your tastes, that's totally fine.

**Contains: bondage, re-wetting, sweat fetish, confinement play, and a pretty bad plot.

Especially the plot part. It's pretty cliche. But you're not really here for the plot. And i'm not here for the plot either. We're both here for piss

Spoiler

Alright, so the first chapter contains only one wetting scene, and the whole thing is a little boring. But just bare with the plot, i just need to set the stage first. We cool? Cool!

Chapter 1: Introductions, and the Beginning.

This story is about Lily (and some other people). Lily is going to a party tomorrow; for "old-times sakes", with her old highschool friends. Which by this point, they all are well into their college years. Since this is a party remembering their times back in the highschool days, everyone decided on the school theme; and so (most) agreed to come in their old uniforms, Lily included.

The girls' uniform for her old school consists of a dark teal, sorta jumper skirt, a white blouse with long, slightest bit puffy sleeves, and a ribbon of the same teal colour at the collar. The school's logo branded on the pocket, left side of her chest. Its colour contrasting nicely with the rest of the rather monochromatic outfit. Well, monochromatic as in teal and white, obviously.

It's pretty dusty, just sitting there in her closet for years. A few stains of age, but she couldn't really be bothered to re-wash it, and it didn't really smell so she guessed it'd be fine. Just ironing it to make it nice and neat looking is probably enough. Luckily, it still fits. She was pretty slim then, but had not really gained much now so it's still fine. Ok, maybe a little tight around the waists

Now for Lily herself, appearance wise. She's often described as "not very pretty, but really cute" by her classmates. And some guys obviously are more into that than the hot ones (myself included. She's a nerdy girl, in almost every sense of the word, including her appearance absolutely; Glasses, freckles, and just a bit of acne like everyone else. She always does her hair into side-tails or double buns. But for the party, she's going for a more neat, twin braids look. Ending with a yellow bow with pink polka dots on the left, and the inverse on the right braid. It's a party, colourful-ness is a given.

Although her skirt wasn't short, she would also often wear a pair of leggings with her uniform, under the skirt. Which is quite an atypical choice. Just an insecurity thing; She didn't and still doesn't like to elaborate on it, so she'd just usually answer that it's comfy. Although she doesn't experience that specific insecurity nearly as much anymore, the outfit just wouldn't be complete without one. So she went with a grey pair of stretchy cotton leggings. Ankle socks and loafers, a check of course.

Personality wise, she's an ambivert, shy around some, bubbly around others (definitely submissive though haha). She's a genuine person at the core, but would often choose to skirt around saying things that would hurt others (how nice). And she's usually more timid around boys. (also, one more interesting, unrelated quirk: she has mild hyperhidrosis. Just another detail i threw in to satisfy my other personal fetishes

The day, or rather, the night came. And Lily is getting ready for the party, putting on her fit, doing her hair, putting on makeup ("natural" look), and some cologne for good measure. Now ready, she waits for her friend Andie, a tomboy-ish, strong-lady type to pick her up at her apartment as she doesn't own a car. In the car there's also Audrey, Andie's energetic girlfriend. They banged their heads to some music, courtesy of Andie's playlist. And before long, they're at Fred's house, the party place.

Fred is the cool guy, or so they say, of the class. He's average build, a little muscular even. Quite tall, and has an average to pretty good-looking face. He's a night-owl, party boy. An enjoyer of the more material aspects of life. He's actually in the same class as Lily, eversince their senior years in highschool and even up 'til now in their sophomore years of college, studying comp-sci. Some would say he's also a bit creepy, but he normally just plays it off as a joke, quite well infact He decided to throw this specific party together as there's a long holiday coming up, and he's in a bit of a weird nostalgic mood for the past couple weeks

When they arrived, most of their friends were already there, though luckily the party hasn't officially started yet. They make themselves comfortable. About half their old class were invited: consisting of 6 girls and 10 boys. Already waiting there was Yue, a foreign exchange student and the last member of their best friends group. Another important character there was Johann, the nice guy of the group, and Lily's only close friend from the boy's side. He looks pretty funny here as he'd long outgrown his school outfit. Especially considering he's the tallest guy in their whole class. Everyone had a laugh about it, so does Johann as he didn't really mind.

Fred officially announce the beginning of the party and everyone gives their cheers. And the party went well. Everyone had drinks, a lot of drinks (obviously, college kids). Lily doesn't really drink. Neither do Yue, and Audrey. Andie's the only real "hard-partier" in their group, and she got real drunk real fast. But unlike Lily however, Yue and Audrey don't really outright refuse drinks either, so they got sufficiently drunk as well. Everyone had a blast, but Lily doesn't really feel super well. Eventually she got so tired she fell asleep. Her three other friends, drunk but still have enough common sense not to drive, also slept at Fred's. But quickly departed in the morning. Opting for Audrey to drive instead as Andie is still getting hit hard. In their hazey, hungover, and slightly dazed state, they didn't realize that one member is still missing: Lily.

Lily soon woke up, also quite hazey even though she barely had any alcohol. When she'd come to her senses a little more, she realized she's soaked in sweat. But more alarmingly, she's tied up, laying on a dirty spare matress in what she believe is Fred's room. She struggles hard against her restraints and tries to call for help, quickly realizing there's a tape gag over her mouth. After the panic partially subsided, she begins to look around more. She couldn't see much as she can't really explore the space physically; Her sticky body bound tightly. Her arms raised and cuffed to the wall, her now sweaty armpits exposed. And her legs tied up together on the matress, unable to move much except to roll them around. She began to tear up at her own situation, wondering how, why and so my other questions about why she is in such a position. Not long after though, Fred enters the room

"Hot?" He's asked in a mockingly caring tone. Despite the AC being on, she's still sweating profusely. Probably because of the whole situation.

He gently removes the tape from her face as she tries to bite him in anger.

"Woah! Easy now. You're at my mercy, Lily." He said in a surprised, but clearly aroused tone.

"Why... why are you doing this to me?" Asked Lily, her voice shaking with many emotions.

"Have you not realized?" He asked back sternly, then quickly bursting into laughter.

"Last night I handed you a drink." after a short pause, Lily's face turned from the initial panic, to anger, and now, to abject horror as she quickly recalls the events of last night.

While the party was ongoing, Fred seeing that Lily had nothing to drink, handed her a mocktail as a gesture, knowing she doesn't drink alcohol. Not long after that, she began to feel her head getting heavier and sleepier. That drink is probably the single most important thing in his little operation, she thought. After everyone had fallen asleep or left the house, Fred had his buddies help him transport her into his room and tied her up in the middle of the night so no one would notice. She's realized now that during the process, she was even awake but too tired to do anything.

"Yes." Fred replied with a slow, low grumble. A shit-eating smile on his face.

"W- why..?" She replied shakily

"I'll tell you later." He replied plainly

"Later...? h- how long do you p- plan on k- keeping me here..?!" She asked while tearing up once more.

"Long enough for me to tell you everything I need to tell you." He replied with a smirk.

"Oh, and I put some diuretics into your drink sooo..."

Just as he says so, Lily begin to feel an overwhelming urge to pee. A feeling suppressed by everything else before, but now emerging strong and unignorable. She asks him to let her go use the toilet, in which he replied no. She knew the answer already, although she still dreaded it. Still, she asked for just a small chance that maybe he would let her go. But small hope die easy. After about half an hour, he returned to the room with a small platter of food. Leftovers, really.

"Breakfast in bed!" He said, clearly mocking her situation

She didn't reply. Too focused on the searing pain in her abdomen. Not helped by the aforementioned tightness around her waist area. Sweat pouring from her face down her neck and everywhere else. Using every muscle in her body to stop herself from letting it go. Eventually, everyone breaks. She starts leaking, slowly, little by little. Fred is still watching, but she didn't care at this point. The leaks come more regularly, and each time lasting longer. As her panties and leggings grew wetter and wetter, she lost control completely and let it all out into her panties, leggings, skirt, even her socks and shoes got wet. Nothing down at her lower half was spared from the torrent.

Fred started chuckling, and looks very clearly aroused. He didn't say a word after what happened. Neither did she. The only difference being that he's laughing and she's crying.

Eventually, the silence was broken by the evermore assertive Fred

"Wow! I uh- i- 've no words. You have no idea how long i've wanted to do that!"

"You're getting off on this?!" She replied angrily. Her messy face beet-red with both anger and embarrassment. But still, that was a massive relieve to finally let out that sea she was holding in. She knows that he's obviously into this sort of thing now after that interaction.

After some time, he started feeding her the aforementioned food. In which, in whatever emotion you can call what she is in right now, she refused to eat. Turning her face away, and even knocked a spoonful onto herself. After that, Fred obviously took that she's not in a mood to eat, so he left the room.

"I'll remove the tape so you can call me whenever you're hungry, alright?"

She nodded.

Chapter 2 soon

*001*2022-08-10 18:08

Chapter 2: Surprising things, and not so Surprising things.

After he left, she was left to contemplate. It's a weird feeling. She'd never been in a situation like this before. It's weird, and gross, and yet slightly intriguing. She knew Fred had a crush on her for quite a while, but never really think anything of it. She's personally asexual herself so, any guy she'll brush off pretty much; kindly though. Never thought he'd go to such strange lengths.

By now, the time is about evening. The sun is setting, she could see it by the light shining through the window's translucent blinds. Fred was playing a video game in the living room for a while before leaving the house. He said he'd be there waiting to feed her, but she guessed since she didn't call him for so long, he figured she wasn't going to eat and left. That's fine though, she wasn't hungry. She just feels slimy and gross, covored in all the various fluids of her own creation. The scent starting to become slightly more apparent. If Fred was here she'd take a chance and ask him for a bath in a heartbeat, before even a meal. But Fred's not here, and even if he is, he'd most likely say no anyway. Well, she's not hungry, so she figured there wasn't really anything better to do besides sleeping. At this point her bladder's starting to fill up again, but she can't really do anything about that, can she? She can only try to ignore it and go to sleep.

She wakes up with an unpleasant sensation, bordering on painful but not quite there yet. Turns out, unsurprisingly, she really needs to pee. The diuretics are clearly still there in her somewhere. Although much milder than before, but clearly still there doing the thing Fred wanted it to do. The time now is midnight; she could see it on the wall. She'd slept for four hours already. Fred is now home, and luckily still awake. He's one night-owl afterall. She called out to him:

"Fred, I... I really need to pee again... please Fred..." she said with a desperate and slightly embarrassed voice.

"Well no, obviously." He replied from the living room.

"You already pissed yourself once, what's the difference now?" He added.

She whimpered, then sighed, gave up, and went. The warm liquid slowly soaks itself into everything once more, this time a slower stream. Looks like the still damp fabric of her clothes and the matress won't have the chance to dry up today. It was a slight help though, she must admit. Her legs were getting quite cold with her wet leggings clinging to her and getting colder and colder. The new wave of warm urine helped in eliminating that. Still though, she wouldn't prefer it. After she finished, she called out to him again

"I'm uh... i'm a little hungry.."

"Alright, sure." He replied with an unexpectedly genuine tone.

He went into the room, picked up the platter of food, and left.

After a moment, he came back with a fresh new plate. Mexican rice and beans from a takeout place. As he fed her, they started to talk. It was a strangely romantic moment. A calm and quiet conversation

"You have no idea how long it took me to set this up. The dates, the time, the plan, I'm quite happy with myself i must say."

She didn't reply

"Eversince we graduated, i've been formulating a plan. It took a lot of time... and a lot of luck too i must admit. Counting dates, organizing people, alligning schedules. After all that effort, the stars must've seen it and alligned themselves too hahaha" He continued

"You're obsessed." She replied, with a strange mix of emotions. She knows this kind of information should've been much more shocking to her, and yet she's calm. A little angry of course, a little terror too maybe. Maybe it's just the mood of the situation. Maybe both of them are just tired. Well, most likely both, she thought.

"Of course.... my dear. Hahaha" He replied without hesitation, or shame.

They continued talking for a little while after. He started to join in on the food as well. They opened up a lot of things in the process. They surprising share a lot in common, even some kinks hehe. After they finished eating, they both say their goodnights to each other, and Fred even joins her on the pissy bed. He's into this stuff so he doesn't mind a little piss. But the thing was big enough for both of them so he wasn't touching the stuff much, which he prefers.

A long deserved rest for Lily after everything. But of course, it's still far from over

To be continued in Chapter 3

*002*2022-08-10 20:07

Chapter 3: Getting Intense (in more ways than one)

Warning: this chapter contains almost messing, if you don't like that. But it's only a very small part

Day 3; Rise and Shine. Fred was already awake by the time she wakes up. And already, just after waking up:

"What's that smell?" She whispered to herself, with slight disgust. Her face then turns beet-red after quickly realizing it was coming from her herself. She was tied up with her arms raised, cuffed to the wall. So it was pretty obvious where to trace back the source. She knows that sweat caused by stress and fear can smell worse than regular sweat. And obviously, the situation the night before was pretty... intense. And she was left to stew in it for two days without a bath, of course this would happen.

She wanted to clean herself yesterday, and she couldn't want it more now. Though in last night's talk, Fred opened up about having a kink for sweat, so unfortunately, she doesn't think Fred would let her. She'd still try to ask him though. Now for a question with a little more obvious of an answer; She needs to pee. Morning pee, it's inevitable. Everyone has water building up inside of them when they sleep, and she's no exception. Already accepting her fate, she pisses herself right then and there, keeping everything perpetually wet.

The smell of stale sweat and stale piss together in an unpleasent combo for some... or most. Lily included of course. But is quite arousing for the sick few like Fred (or me, the Author hehe) She tries to ignore the scent of herself, focusing on the more pleasant smell of food; Fred's currently cooking breakfast. And not long after, he'd bring it in.

"Breakfast, honey!" He said with a proud smile

"Not much, i'm not one to cook. But hopefully it's fine atleast"

"Oof- but it's starting to smell in here, ey?"

That caught her attention more. And immediately, her face was bright red again. She quickly turned away from embarrassment, and almost teared up.

"Maybe we should get some fresh air in here, don't you agree?" He chuckled

She didn't reply, still very embarrassed. But inside, she must say that she doesn't hate the idea at all.

With that, Fred opened the windows, letting some much needed fresh air into the room.

"Ah! There we go. Sorry, didn't mean to humiliate you like that. It's just that it's my room, and y'know? Don't really want it smelling like... what it smells like now haha"

She looked back at him with a mixture of anger and embarrassment, but didn't say anything. Even secretly thanking him deep down. They both needed the fresh air, especialy her.

"Well uh... should we start eating?" Asked Fred. His tone a little softer than the mocking tone of the first night, but still tease-y.

She nodded in response.

After finishing the meal, which they both enjoyed, she asked Fred if she could take a bath like she intended to

"I feel bad for you, but i think you know what the answer is. You look pretty cute when you're embarrassed though haha" he replied (in a tone I could only describe as "y'know, y'know? Brooo")

She hung her head low and let out only a soft, whimpery "Mhm." in response.

Suddenly, a sensation started to hit her. And oh, it's much worse than the pee. Like a truck, the urge to defecate hits her sharply in the lower abdomen. Almost causing her to let it go right there. She holds in the oncoming train painfully until it subsided, using every muscle in her body. Beads of sweat forming on her forehead. Immediately afterwards, she desperately shouted for Fred

"Fred! Fred! Please i need to go so bad! And it's not piss this time!!!"

After that, Fred quickly rushed into the room. He's not really into messing, and plus he just feels really bad for her right now, so he quickly tries his best to untie her. Despite it being more powerful as a locking tool, the handcuffs were the easy part. The confusing mess that are the ropes tying up Lily's legs are far more time consuming. They both quickly scrambled to untie the elaborate knots Fred had setup. Lily almost soiling herself in the process. When the restraints were undone, she hurriedly dashed to the bathroom. Taking off her panties and leggings as fast as she could, she sat on the toilet and let the eruption out. (I'm not going to describe this scene further)

After she was done, she obviously looks around, like a new area was unlocked in a video game. Then she spotted a jackpot: her phone! Fred was hiding her phone in here. Guess he didn't plan on letting her go to use the bathroom at all. Picking this valuable asset up, she finds out that there was over a dozen missed calls by her friends, clearly worried about her after she stopped responding to their texts. They even went to her apartment to find her, but of course she wasn't there. Now pretty much crying, she is debating whether to call them back or not. What if Fred hears her? He is still very much right there in the room.

Ok now, this is where YOU come in. I have 3 story routes planned at this point, and you, yes you, will get to choose. I'll continue writing in the most voted for route. (But i'm no leaving the other choices behind either. As a bonus, i will continue both of the less voted for routes as seperate endings like in a video game. You'll get to see all of them, just the other ones later.) Another rule is, if the results are insufficient: as in there are not a lot of people reading or replying, i will continue the story in the route i think is the best personally. And in the rare case of a tie, I'll run the poll back again between the two most requested routes.

Ok, let's vote!

A - She calls her friends immediately

B - She doesn't call her friends

C - She calls her friends later, waiting for Fred to leave

All i can say is: all three of the routes might lead to outcomes you might not expected, so keep that in mind also

Anyways, hope you're enjoying the story so far, and I'll see you in Chapter 3 Part 2

