Plan Pee

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2024-01-06 21:32

Happy New Year! I realize it's been a long time since I wrote a new story but what can I say other than I really haven't felt in a fetish mood at all lately. I mean I go through stretches of time where sometimes I go on a fetish binge and can think about anything else for like a week at a time or more where I can barely concentrate on anything other than my fetish, and I go through long stretches of time where sometimes I have no interest whatsoever, and I have to say in the last two or three months I've been in a huge asexual stretch where I just barely can find myself having any interest in the fetish whatsoever, and haven't really been checking the this board regularly, and just nothing seems to be happening to stimulate me in that area.

I was actually really productive as the last two months for the last three months of the year were actually much more productive than the rest of the year, but I was focusing on my serious stuff and even though I ended up writing over 60 stories last month alone not a single one was on anything fetish related, but at least I've been staying healthy and productive.

But yesterday I was responding to something in another thread about how women should be more precautionary about watching their liquid intake and planning for a bathroom and everything like that, and that sort of inspired this story rather spontaneously and it's pretty much flowed effortlessly, so I finally got a fetish story and for the first time in like 2 1/2 months now, so I hope you enjoyed this. It's a fairly basic kind of story but I think that it works pretty well.

Plan Pee

"I have the whole day planned out so this way I know that I will not miss out on an opportunity to use the bathroom," Jill said.

"Jesus Jill why do you always have to plan your entire day out around going to the bathroom, the entire point of the day is that you doing something other than sitting at home and sitting on the toilet," James said.

"I never plan my day around the bathroom, I figure you just have to wing it," Barbara said as she began drinking her water bottle.

"I don't understand how anyone could not plan their day around the bathroom when you know there might not be one available for several hours, or at least if I wasn't going to do that I would watch my liquid intake," Jill said looking as Barbara ominously finished her first bottle of water. "I believe that when it comes to going to the bathroom you should always have a plan B."

"Or maybe in this case a plan pee," James said as he laughed.

"Very funny, but if you've been a woman on a day out you would realize that there isn't a bathroom opportunity every time that there happens to be a bathroom, there could be a line, there might only be a limited amount of time to go to the bathroom, you might not be able to find the bathroom, and it's not like we can just whip it out and pee on a bush like you could," Jill said.

"But I think you just have to have more faith that there's going to be a bathroom available when you need one," Barbara said and Jill would argue with her as Barbara had been in numerous situations where her poor planning resulted in a lot of bladder pain

"Well I think that you're going to end up being sorry for that," Jill said as she once again watched Barbara chugging down her liquid and thinking that she was being extremely foolish, as was any woman who would go out without taking the bathroom into consideration.

"Well I guess we should all get on the bus as we don't want to be late," James said.

"I think I just need to use the bathroom one final time since there is one available, you should probably do the same Barbara as you drank a lot of liquids," Jill said but Barbara simply shook her head as Jill went and used the bathroom.

Once Jill had gone to the bathroom the three of them got on the bus and Jill ended up taking a window seat as James took the next seat and then Barbara the final seat.

"But you know maybe I should have taken an aisle seat so that I will be the first off of the bus at the rest stop," Jill said as she realized she was rather fenced in.

"Everybody please be seated, the bus will be departing now, so please remain seated until we get to the rest stop," the bus driver said over the announcement as Jill sat down in frustration.

"Calm down Jill, you just went to the bathroom, I am sure that when we get to the rest stop you will be able to get to the restroom right away, having to wait for us to get out of the seats isn't going to take more than a few seconds," James said.

"But you don't understand everything has to be carefully planned or you might not get to use the bathroom, or at least you would understand if you were a woman," Jill said.

"Don't worry when we get to the rest stop we won't get in your way, Jill," Barbara said as she started getting comfortable and continued drinking away at her bottle of water. All Jill could do was look at her and shake her head as she didn't understand how Barbara could end up being so irresponsible as to not take bathrooms into consideration on a long trip like that.

Fortunately she had gone to the bathroom before the bus pulled out but unfortunately they ended up encountering a lot of traffic, so by the time they got to the rest stop it had already been 2 1/2 hours instead of the two hours that they had originally been planning on.

"Please exit the bus in an orderly fashion," the bus driver said as Barbara very slowly started getting up from her seat and stretching.

"Hurry up, we have to get to the rest stop, we only have 15 minutes," Jill said checking her watch and dancing in place. Even though she had been watching her liquid intake she noticed that she had to go to the bathroom a lot more than she was expecting, and she was really counting on that rest stop as she had it carefully planned out, and now Barbara was inhibiting her plans.

"Okay Jill I'm not going to block you in," Barbara said as she started meandering down the aisles before a bunch of other people came out in the seats in front of them so that she and James were bottlenecked.

"Dammit this is exactly what I was worried about," Jill said as she stood there impatiently.

"Calm down Jill, don't have a panic attack," James said. "I'm actually fairly eager to get to the bathroom myself."

"Yeah but your bathroom probably won't have a line," Jill said as they slowly started moving out of the bus with Barbara nowhere to be seen.

As soon as they approached the rest stop Jill practically froze in her tracks as she saw a big line snaking out of the ladies room door.

"Dammit," Jill said as James quickly went into the men's room and came out a few seconds later looking a lot more relieved, whereas the women's line was relatively stationary.

"Calm down Jill, we have 15 minutes," James said.

"Wrong we only have 12 minutes left and this line isn't moving very quickly," Jill said as she impatiently tapped her foot and looked ahead of the line to see that it wasn't moving. "I wonder where the hell Barbara went?"

Jill continued standing there in the stagnant line checking her watch constantly and getting more anxious by the moment. With only five minutes left things were looking rather grim.

"Come on, what is holding the line up," Jill said trying to look ahead and see what was going on as she realized that now there were only four minutes left.

"There's only like two stalls in the restroom, and one woman is hogging one of the stalls," one of the women said as she walked by from the front of the line.

"I hate stall hogs, I wonder what fat bitch is holding everybody else up and keeping us from peeing," Jill said as she could see that there was only about two minutes left and she wasn't even in the door.

As Jill said that Barbara came out of the bathroom with a relieved look on her face once again taking another drink from her water bottle as she came to join Jill and James.

"Wow Jill, you are right, I probably should have planned for these things better, I'm lucky I was able to get in there pretty quickly," Barbara said. "I thought I just had to pee but wow I ended up really taking my time in there, I hope I wasn't inconveniencing anyone, I think I probably took that toilet pretty much out of commission."

James couldn't help but smirk at Jill who simply frowned at Barbara.

"Is something the matter Jill?" Barbara asked as she continued drinking from her water bottle.

"Everybody we have to get back on the bus, we are already delayed by a half hour," the bus driver said as he blew a whistle.

"Dammit, this is why I plan for the bathroom," Jill said as she shook her head.

"Well it looks like your planning didn't really help all that much did it, the best laid plans of mice and women huh," Barbara said as she laughed before taking another drink of water and Jill practically wanted to knock it out of her hand but Jill didn't want to give away the fact that she was really annoyed that she didn't get to go to the bathroom. "But don't worry, I am sure that the traffic will clear up and we will be at our destination soon," Barbara said slapping Jill on the back which jostled her bladder a little and wasn't helping the situation.

"You guys go in first," Jill said as they got on the bus and she made sure to sit in the front of the bus so that she would be the first off of the bus when they finally stopped.

"Fine I'll take the window seat since you ladies seem to be stampeding to the bathroom when we get to the rest stop," James said as he took the window seat and Barbara took the next seat and Jill took the seat on the aisle.

"I hope it wasn't an emergency," Barbara said as she once again slapped Jill on the back but could see that she was annoying Jill.

"I just hope there isn't that much traffic," Jill said.

Lots of traffic later.

"I can't believe how terrible this traffic is, I think I need the bathroom again," Barbara said as she continued drinking.

"You need the bathroom, you just went to the bathroom at the rest stop, I've been holding it for 4 1/2 hours," Jill said as he sat there with her legs crossed. "And maybe you should stop drinking so much!"

"But don't worry Jill, we're almost there, we should be there in another 10 minutes tops," Barbara said.

A half hour later.

"Finally, we're here!" Jill said leaping up from her seat practically ready to bolt as she immediately went to the door of the bus and started pounding on it. "Hey the door is not opening, I think it's jammed!"

"Let me see that," the bus driver said as he tried fiddling with the door before shaking his head. "You're right it does look like the door is jammed, everybody it seems that the front door of the bus is jammed, so everybody will have to exit through the emergency exit in the back."

As Jill turned around to realize that now everybody in the back of the bus was going to be first off of the bus she practically wanted to scream as she had already been holding it for a good five hours and she felt like her bladder was ready to explode.

"Best laid plans huh," Barbara said as she stood in front of Jill and laughed. "Honestly I have to go to the bathroom pretty badly myself."

"I've been holding it for five freaking hours!" Jill said as she stood there with her legs crossed as the men and women slowly exited one by one out the emergency exit at the back of the bus.

As soon as Barbara had went through the exit of the bus Jill practically jumped on top of her back trying to get out of the bus, and jumping from the back exit of the bus onto the floor only jostled her bladder further and caused her to grab herself as she whimpered in pain.

"Oh my God where are the bathrooms," Jill said as she started looking around frantically.

As the three of them started looking around for the bathrooms they could see what looked like a bathroom, and luckily it looked as though there weren't a line.

"Oh thank God," Jill said as she and Barbara ran towards bathroom door only for Barbara to get there first and to push on the door and find that it was locked and there was an out of order sign on it. "Please use the bathrooms on the other side of the park. Dammit the other bathroom is all the way on the other side of the park, we have to hurry!"

"Don't worry Jill, the bathroom will still be there when we get there," James said.

"But all those other women have a head start and there could already be a line there in the first place," Jill said as she began sprinting towards the direction of the bathrooms as Barbara started running shortly behind. Jill was actually surprised because it seemed as though Barbara was actually getting ahead of her, so maybe she actually did have to go to the bathroom more than she was letting on.

In fact as Jill continued looking at Barbara she could see that Barbara looked as though she had disappeared. When Jill finally approached the bathroom she was horrified to see that there was a huge line in front of it.

"This is a nightmare!" Jill said as she hopped up and down. "And where the hell is Barbara?"

Jill had totally lost sight of Barbara in her charging towards the bathroom but there was no way she could have already been in the bathroom, as she wasn't that far ahead of Jill.

"Well I think I'm going to use little boys room, I'll be right back," James said as she glared at him and realized that that was not the thing to say under the circumstances. James was out of the bathroom a few seconds later only to find Jill still hopping up and down in line.

"I wonder where the hell Barbara went?" Jill said trying to look ahead in line but she didn't see Barbara anywhere in the line which was snaking way out the door as she pressed her knees together.

Jill stood there impatiently waiting for the bathroom as five minutes soon turned into 10 minutes, and she kept looking at her watch and kept looking impatiently at James.

"I really wonder where the hell Barbara went, she looked like she had to go pretty bad herself but I don't see her anywhere in the line, and she hasn't come out of the bathroom," Jill said.

"I don't know, she just totally took off and disappeared, wait there she is," James said pointing to Barbara who was walking towards them with a confident stride and a smile on her face.

"Where did you run off to?" Jill said as she stood there crossing and uncrossing her legs and looking extremely agitated.

"I went to the bathroom," Barbara said.

"No you didn't, you came from that direction, the line for the bathroom is here, surely you didn't get that far ahead of me into the bathroom," Jill said.

"I went to the other bathroom, I thought that was the other bathroom but I guess I was wrong," Barbara said as she laughed.

"There's another bathroom, where?!" Jill said as she grabbed Barbara by the shirt practically choking her.

"It's over this way," Barbara said pointing off into the distance.

"Was there a line?" Jill asked.

"Not this big," Barbara said as she stretched out her arms in front of the giant line that Jill was waiting in.

"Then what are we waiting for, get me to that bathroom fast," Jill said as she followed Barbara stopping every few moments to press her legs together. This was a super super emergency. She continued running until she saw what looked like a huge line. "What the hell? I thought you said the line wasn't as long!"

Barbara scratched her head. "Well it wasn't when I was using it but I guess a lot of the other women figured out that there was a second bathroom, and well it looks like this one's the most popular one!"

"Should we go back to the other bathroom?" James said.

"No, by the time we get back to that one it will probably be even more crowded," Jill said as she stood there impatiently in line infuriated that Barbara had managed to find a bathroom shortcut. Here she was the one with all of her plans and Barbara was that already getting to go to the bathroom twice and she hadn't even gone once yet.

The line was moving extremely slowly and now it had been a good 5 1/2 hours since she had done to the bathroom, and Jill could barely think straight because all she could focus on was holding it in as Barbara stood there consistently drinking again and again.

"Oh my God, do you have to drink so much, what are you some kind of a whale?" Jill said.

"Calm down Jill, you'll get to the bathroom in a minute, you shouldn't dehydrate yourself you know," Barbara said as she took yet another sip of her water bottle.

Jill tried her best to ignore the fact that Barbara and James had already gotten to go to the bathroom twice, and that Barbara was still chugging down the liquids like she had been lost in the desert for 40 years following Moses and this was the first drink that she had in all that time, and just focus on the line in front of her.

Finally after about 25 minutes Jill got to the front of the line and she was barely able to pull her pants down and sit on the toilet before she began exploding as her entire body trembled with the intensity of all of that. It was one of the most satisfying pees she had had in a long time, and she felt a lot lighter when she was done with that.

"See Jill, for all of your planning I got to go to the bathroom a lot sooner than you did," Barbara said when she came out.

"You know you are right, you did everything wrong and it worked out fine for you, and I did everything right and it worked out pretty badly for me," Jill said. "So you know what screw it, give me something to drink," Jill said as Barbara took out a couple of sodas and she began drinking them down, finally quenching her thirst which had developed strongly over the day since she was trying to watch her liquid intake.

Jill made sure to use the bathroom again before they left and got back on the bus but by the time they were approaching the rest stop she was ready to completely explode.

"I really should have planned this better," Jill said as she ran off the bus to the rest stop where she could see a large closed for cleaning sign on the door as she was practically ready to tear out her hair and scream.

Barbara laughed. "You know Jill it's probably a good thing that I actually took your advice and that I watched the liquids on the trip back, because fortunately I don't have to go very bad," Barbara said as she continued to laugh right before she took one look at Jill and put her fingers in her ears so that she wouldn't go deaf when Jill let out the inevitable scream.

This was inspired by something that came up on this board and comes up frequently, where somebody asked if women plan their day around the bathroom when they know that there is not going to be a bathroom, and I always say the smart ones do, but I think that most people, men and women alike, tend to be shortsighted and don't tend to plan for contingencies or planned for the situation, and usually will end up regretting it.

In this case originally I was going to have it be a case where Barbara ends up suffering the results of her shortsightedness and poor planning, but then I thought it would be more hilarious if Barbara did everything wrong only for everything to work out well for her, and for Jill to do everything right only for the plans not to work out, which just goes to show you that even when you plan stuff out and aren't spontaneous the way I am that it can still end up blowing up in your face, and a lot of these things still do come down to luck and other factors you can't really plan on or anticipate.

And this was just sort of another story taking place on a bus trip to a park because that's sort of the same situation I think of such as that big fat woman on the tour group I was on as I mentioned in my tour guide story, as well as in my full-length novella expansion of that, The Bathroom War on the Tour. I still go back to frequently thinking about that big fat woman who was desperate to pee and that she wouldn't stop drinking in spite of the fact that there was no bathroom in sight. I will never understand people like that, but in this case her shortsightedness actually ended up working out well for her, whereas all the careful planning ended badly for Jill.

Also can be read in my blog https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/14560.html

*003*2024-01-07 20:25

@trekkie

"Barbara is not long for this world! But it’s like that sometimes, isn’t it?"

@alfeiro

"Not long? No, it's the opposite. The lucky ones are lucky."

I think the idea that I was getting at was basically that you can do everything right and still have it blow up in your face, and you can do everything wrong and still have things turn out well for you. It always kind of annoys me when someone who does everything wrong and makes no plans manages to get to go to the bathroom while is somebody who is as unspontaneous as I am tries to plan everything out often finds that things come up you can't expect and there is nothing you can do about that.

