Too Much Beer

Author: DblCrossedLegs

*000*2017-05-18 01:35

Danny finished his last drink and placed the glass back on the bar. Glancing at the bathroom lines (too long, might as well go home) he headed out the door.

The walk to his house wasn’t that long, but soon enough Danny’s beers settled into his bladder. He loosened the belt on his jeans but the waistband was already beginning to feel tight. He kept walking, trying to ignore the fullness in his abdomen.

As he walked the bushes looked more and more inviting. He wanted to unzip right there and just let go but he decided to wait until he was home, he only had five more blocks to go. Squeezing his dick through his jeans he continued on his walk, trying not to do a potty dance.

By the time he passed the second block (only three blocks to go!) he was already struggling. His walk was definitely strange and he had to grab himself every once in a while. He hissed feeling a dribble of pee soak into his briefs. He massaged his dick and kept his wobbly pace.

Two blocks left, and he stopped for a moment to collect himself. He had almost leaked again (maybe he had), so he grabbed himself firmly with crossed legs and tried to keep it all in. He was successful, so he continued walking as fast as he could manage without peeing his pants.

One block left and he was unsure if he could make it. He was starting to sweat from the effort of clenching so hard. He had his hand on the front of his pants, not caring about onlookers any longer. He would rather be seen holding himself than be seen having an accident. He gasped as a little bit of liquid worked its way out of his dick. He stood and clenched with all his might, and although it stopped, there was now a noticeable wet patch on the front of his jeans. He cringed and sped up his pace, tightening his grip on his dick.

When he got to his front door he started trying to open it before realizing he had locked it that night. He pulled out his keys and tried frantically to fit it in the lock. He felt another spurt of pee working its way out and he doubled his efforts finally getting the key in the lock and turning. As he pushed open his door, the floodgates opened. He tried to clench, grab himself, anything to stop the flow, but he was peeing his pants anyway.

A puddle collected at his feet as the liquid raced down and out his jeans. After a minute, the last bit trickled down his soaked legs. He sighed, went inside and threw the jeans straight in the wash.

