Panty Allergy: A story in two parts

Author: DerivativeWings

*000*2022-04-22 14:00

Foreword

Hi, reader! This story is a somewhat unusual one, but I hope the high concept will capture your imagination. I was planning to finshing this story completely before I posted it, but as these things often do it became a lot longer than I had initially anticipated. I am also going to be leaving soon to travel for a while, so it like a good time to post this thing since I wouldn't be able to work on it for a while. I know I can be a little spotty with updating my stories at times (Life gets in the way), but if people seem to enjoy this one I'm going to try finishing it when I get back home again. Either way, it was a fun story to work on so I hope it will be equally enjoyable to read!

Panty Allergy: Part 1

For her entire life, Annica had suffered from a rather unusual condition. Simply put, as long as she was wearing clothes covering her bottom bits, she would be completely unable to pee. Whether she was wearing jeans, a skirt or even just a pair of panties, not a drop would escape her. Now, this may in fact seem like an advantage – allowing Annica to avoid wetting herself in case of an emergency. And it might have been, had that been the only part of her condition. However, Annica was also unable to pee for about twenty minutes after removing anything covering her lower parts. As you can imagine, this was highly inconvenient whenever Annica left her home. By necessity, she had cultivated a significant endurance, but she still ran into situations where she ended up having to hold it far beyond what was comfortable from time to time. This is one of those times.

Annica had known the five-hour train ride would be somewhat challenging given her condition but had not foreseen the issues this particular trip would cause. A few factors throughout the day had conspired against her. To start, she had severely overslept, causing her to rush to the train station and completely missing her chance at a morning pee. To make matters worse, the train’s arrival had been delayed by an entire hour. During this wait, Annica couldn’t exactly pee either despite there being a toilet at the station, as she would either need to drop her pants in public or wait inside the toilet and potentially miss her train. And to top it all off, when Annica finally got onto the train after what felt like an eternity, it got stuck on the rails after just over two hours. And it was for these three reasons that Annica was absolutely bursting to pee less than a third into her train ride.

I would like to make an attempt at providing a visual description of this particular moment in time, as Annica realizes she is in quite the troubling situation. It was 13:07 at this precise point in time, just around three and a half hours since Annica woke up. She is sitting on a window seat, having all of the four-seat booth to herself. The seats themselves have a velvety red color, and the view from the window is somewhat dour at the moment – barren forests and poor weather. Annica herself is clothed fairly casually – a red worn-out plain t-shirt, jean skirt and a heavy jacket. The seats come furnished with a folding table, and the one next to Annica has an empty coffee cup as well as a crumb-covered wad of paper that once held a sandwich. And as I mentioned before, the train was completely and disappointingly still.

While Annica is afforded some privacy as a result of having no seat-neighbors at the moment, the rest of her car is populated enough that dropping her pants for an hour seemed rather unfeasible, for several reasons. Lowering her skirt and panties for just a moment felt risky enough, to say nothing of keeping them down for almost half an hour! Furthermore, if someone saw what she was doing, how could she possibly explain her situation in any reasonable way? Annica was reminded of a horrifically embarrassing situation from when she was younger and had been in a similar plight.

Searing pain and desperation had pushed her to try to go pantsless for an extended period in a much less public situation than this. Back then she had been discovered and had to tearfully explain her condition while wearing nothing downstairs – a double blow to her dignity. Now, in the train, she was not quite as mind-shatteringly desperate as she had been back then, but she was also more than three hours away from any kind of privacy. And to make matters worse, even when she did reach that privacy, she’d still have to wait the last agonizing twenty minutes before she could relieve herself due to her condition.

With all of this in mind, it’s not so strange that Annica is carefully considering her options. Her pee-addled brain definitely makes it harder to focus, but she remains keenly aware that things were only going to get worse from here. It was critical that she found some kind of solution while she was still capable of thinking straight. She decides to spend some time walking down the corridors of the train to figure out what she had to work with. Due to her unsubtle, slightly hunched over posture, anyone taking more of a cursory glance would have to conclude she was in quite desperate need of a toilet. However, that same person would of course deduce she was headed straight towards one of the two train bathrooms, concluding that she would soon be relieved of her problem.

Instead, Annica walks right by the first bathroom, then the second. Nobody pays her enough attention to make a note of this, but if anyone had observed her for the duration of her walk, they would undoubtedly have found her behavior strange. Any normal person as full as Annica was would have rushed into the first bathroom as soon as they saw it, but getting inside was not going to be of much use to her unless she could then also stay inside for a while. Since neither of the bathrooms appear to be suffering from especially heavy traffic, Annica makes up her mind. Looping back around, she enters the first bathroom. Quickly, she removes her skirt and underwear and sits down on the toilet, which still had the seat down. Unsurprisingly, no liquid escapes in the toilet bowl despite how full Annica is. The upcoming hour was undoubtedly going to be slow, but at least our heroine was going to get to pee, right?

Sitting on the toilet, nude waist down, and absolutely desperate to pee would undoubtedly be both strange extremely and uncomfortable for most people. For Annica, it was something she’d experienced several times in the past even though she always tried her hardest to avoid it. Her bladder pushed against her stomach, and seemingly Annica was having a hard time finding a sort of comfortable sitting position while naked. A few times she stands up, and paces back and forth, which is more of a waddle with her skirt on her ankles. She gets her phone out and scrolls aimlessly, perhaps to take her mind of her need to pee. Again, I would like to paint an image of this moment, as Annica sits on the toilet waiting. Her posture is a lot stiffer than what you would usually expect for someone seated on porcelain, straight-backed rather than slightly hunched over. Her tee is slightly displaced, only halfway covering what is a very noticeable bulge on Annica’s lower stomach.

A little over fifteen minutes since Annica entered the train bathroom, a knocking sound emanates from the other side of the door. Then, a woman’s voice “Excuse me, but are you finished soon? My daughter really needs to go.”. Annica visibly tenses, and appears to nearly drop her phone before balancing it on the nearby sink. She responds “I-I’m having some stomach issues. There is another toilet, it might be free s-sooner?” Annica strokes her midsection when she finishes speaking, perhaps because the sudden commotion agitated her bladder. Only a minute later, there is more knocking and the same woman’s voice, now with a tinge of desperation “Please, the second restroom is out of order. My daughter is about to have an accident!”.

Now, I think it’s worth elaborating on Annica’s inner thoughts at this point in time. When she responded the first time, she was desperately attempting to ensure the other toilet would be used. She had already spent nearly twenty uncomfortable minutes inside the bathroom, and hours before that bursting to pee. If she could just stay like this for a few minutes longer, she would finally get her long-awaited relief. In that light, I think the slight selfishness on her part can be forgiven. However, as soon as she heard the second plea, a different sort of image appeared in her mind. It was that of a young daughter, who unavoidably going to wet herself unless Annica acted now. As a grown woman, Annica simply had no choice. She barely felt any discomfort as she stood up and covered herself up, though she did give one last longing glance towards the toilet seat before she left the toilet for good.

Stepping outside, Annica is witness to the full extent of the issue she had been the cause of. The daughter was not the young girl Annica had imagined, but nonetheless seemed to be in a state of genuine desperation as she rushed inside the stall. In addition to that, a line of several women had formed since Annica entered the bathroom, and each of them seemed clearly quite eager to get their turn in. There was a tall, blonde-haired girl exchanging worried looks with her shorter travelling companion who looked quite worse for wear and openly fidgeting. Another woman in too tight-fitting jeans was blushing with grit teeth, betraying the fact that she was in a bad spot. The mother, seemingly having secured a more favorable spot in the queue for her daughter but not herself, regretfully eyed the closed bathroom door while making her way to the back of the queue. Annica, not wanting to deal with any further embarrassment, hurried back to her seat.

How will Annica resolve her predicament? Find out in the next part...

*005*2022-10-18 09:01

Panty Allergy: Part 2

A couple minutes later, and Annica has returned to her seat. The time was now 13:41. Careful observation would reveal her bladder’s bulge through her tee and skirt, though there was nobody around Annica who would pay such close attention to her at this time. Annica’s desperation was still “bearable”, in the sense that she’s capable of thinking somewhat clearly. Well, clearly enough to curse herself over missing her chance to pee, at least. Even so, she had some found resolve to hold out after selflessly giving up her relief. However, more and more of her mind was becoming clouded with thoughts of how badly she needs to go. And this would only get worse as she kept waiting.

Time passed, as Annica waited. A few times, she went to check on the bathrooms again. But the bathroom in the back remained out of order, and there was always at least one person waiting outside the other one. Annica simply did not have the guts to make a second attempt as long as there was only one bathroom available, so discouraged was she after her previous failure. But her bladder gave her no quarter. As time passed, her already overfull bladder kept filling and filling. With every passing minute, there was more and more and more liquid, causing greater and greater and greater urgency. And unless Annica did something, that liquid would have no hope of leaving her.

@@The time was now 14:46. The train was still not moving. At this point, desperate thoughts would be swimming around in her head leaving little room for other thought. Thoughts like “Please, I have to pee so badly!”, “If I could just wet myself, I would!” and “My bladder is already too full, and I still have to wait for several hours!”. The resolve she had an hour ago had been reduced to almost nothing thanks to the still train. With that in mind, it is not so strange Annica’s actions would become increasingly unpredictable. Options that she would have considered impossible an hour prior were now on the table. And even though she was disinclined to take any action that might result in massive embarrassment, the longer her brain and bladder was made to marinate in this unavoidable agony the more likely it became she would. In other words, with more than three hours left of the trip it was completely unavoidable that Annica would have to find some kind of solution that let her pee ahead of schedule – even if that solution broke all social norms.

Four minutes later, Annica stood up from her seat. Mustering significant effort to remain composed, she walks to the train bathrooms one final time. There is a queue. Four women in various stages of desperation wait outside the door to the first one. She does not stop to look at the queue, or join it. After all, even if she was allowed to cut ahead there is no way she could stay inside for twenty minutes. She keeps going to the next bathroom. At this point in time, it had an “out of order” sign on it. Annica feels the handle, confirming that it is in fact locked. Crestfallen, she returns to her seat.

By 14:52, Annica had ran out of options. She was in such severe pain due to her full-to-the-brim bladder. The knowledge that she would have to keep holding it for an indeterminate amount of time, three more hours at best, was further degrading her mental state. She was understandably worried that her bladder, unbearably full now, would end up in a state beyond agony if she had to wait that long. With her intense desperation and this mental state in mind, what she decided to do next was only understandable.

At 14:54, Annica carefully unbuttoned her skirt, then took it off and put it into her bag. Then, looking to the side one last time to make sure the coast was clear, she also took off her panties. She held them for a moment, perhaps resentful over how they restricted her ability to pee. Nobody was looking, but if anyone had been, they would have seen a rather strange scene. A woman, sitting totally bottomless in her seat, holding a pair of completely pristine teal panties with her impossible-not-to-notice bladder bulge on full display. Any such watcher would of course assume this lady was having a major urinary emergency and was about to pee on the floor to avoid a wetting. Perhaps if this hypothetical watcher knew about the queue to the toilet, they could put two and two together. However, such a watcher would of course be mistaken. Annica was not peeing, and she was not going to either unless she could remain like this unnoticed for another twenty minutes.

The suffering Annica was going through for these minutes was of a special kind. A type of peril so odd and unusual most people would not experience it throughout their lives. The agony of sitting naked, full-bladdered yet completely unable to go was only intensified by the fear of being found out. If anyone realized what Annica was doing, it was possible she would have to put her panties and skirt back on again. This threat kept her heart pounding, and her mind on full alert. Exposed as she was, anyone who took even a cursory glance at her was likely to realize what she was doing. And it was while Annica was in this vulnerable, scared and desperate state that the train started moving again.

After more than two hours of standstill, the train had finally decided to move. Even though Annica wanted nothing more than for the train to arrive so she could get her relief, she recognized this was bad news. For a while now, nobody had walked past Annica’s seat. However, any change to the circumstances could lead to a change in situation. The train moving meant people getting on and off, and that meant someone might walk past her, or take a seat near her. Her way of thinking was, at this point in time, fixated on relief. She wanted nothing more than keeping her panties off for however much time remained before she could pee. And so, in this state she could only recognize the train’s movement as a threat to her mind’s desire. Annica was terribly frightened someone would walk by, and even as the minutes passed she could not reason out a plan or way to explain herself if that were to happen – she was simply too desperate to think straight.

In a different world, perhaps the cosmic forces that be would have taken pity on Annica and allowed her to wait out the twenty minutes with no interruptions or bad fortune. In that world, she would have had an extremely relieving pee on the train floor. However, this was not to be. A little over minutes after Annica had removed her nether garments, the train once again ground to a halt. This time, it was at an actual station. The doors opened, greeting a handful of people waiting for their late train. Annica’s heart, at this point, must have been beating out of her chest. A man, speaking on his phone, walked towards her seat. Anyone who even looked at Annica’s face at this point would instantly react to her look of fear, despair and pain and realize something was wrong, never mind her lack of pants.

However, the man simply walked past Annica and found his seat, distracted by the conversation on his phone. Annica’s pulse spiked in that moment. Had she been able to, she would undoubtedly have lost control and started peeing into her seat. But of course, that was not possible for her. The train was moving once again. Annica returns to her state of unease, looking around the train. Even though she had evaded disaster, she could not in that moment shake a sense of terrible foreboding. The source of this bad omen was not known to Annica at the time, but far down the train was a ticket inspector moving seat to seat, shouting “tickets please.”. One seat at a time, the ticket inspector was heading closer and closer to Annica.

Annica would soon be faced with this new danger. Yet before we reach that point I would, again, paint a picture of her current situation. I do this in order to impart upon you that Annica was now more desperate than she had been in her entire life, and perhaps more desperate than she ever will be. It had, at this point, been more than twenty hours since Annica last peed. I previously mentioned she had missed her morning pee, which accounted for seventeen of those hours; that is to say, Annica had gone to sleep at ten in the evening and not peed since then. However, Annica had also neglected to pee immediately before going to bed, instead taking the opportunity to go after her dinner at half past six. In both cases, her travel fatigue had caused this mishap, as she had been too tired to think to take a pee before going to bed, and too tired to wake up in time for a morning pee.

@@Now, while twenty hours is a long time to go without relief, time is not everything. Annica had even held it for longer in the past. But even so I insist that this time was her most desperate so far. This came down to two additional factors – how full her bladder was, and her mental state. Now, nobody could claim that Annica’s wasn’t full after twenty hours with no relief. But what they may still not realize was just how full it really was. As Annica had peed some twenty minutes after dinner, she had not yet metabolized what she drank while eating. These two glasses of wine were only the starting point. Before going to bed, she had also had a large cup of tea with honey. And then when she woke up, she had not had any time to eat breakfast due to running late. To make sure she had something to keep her going, she had downed a glass of milk before hurrying out of her lodgings. Then, while waiting for her train, she had gotten a one-liter bottle of carbonated water from a vending machine to stay hydrated. And finally, she had carelessly been drinking coffee out of boredom just a few hours ago. In other words, Annica’s bladder wasn’t simply full. It was, in fact, as close to as full as it could be after twenty hours with no toilet.

@@This finally brings me to the last factor of Annica’s desperation – her mental state. In terms of willpower, Annica had reached the end of her rope. Anyone would understand that Annica was feeling the pressure in more than one way – serious pain from her overfull bladder, and anxiety over potentially being caught in her current state. However, there was much more driving Annica’s emotions in this moment. Since her last successful pee, she had suffered several defeats; and each had been worse than the last. There had been many times when she could have peed if she had just acted a little differently, or had the opportunity to pee but had squandered it. If she had peed before going to bed, if she had woken up sooner, if she had tried the train bathroom earlier, if she had peed at the train station, if she had waited a little longer in the train bathroom, if, if, if. If she had done any of those things, she wouldn’t be in this horrible situation. And with all that came the knowledge that she might lose the opportunity to pee yet again if someone realized what she was doing. How many more times would she try and fail to pee if she didn’t get her relief this time? Annica was so full, so desperate for relief, and with all of this in mind she had determined she needed to pee now, no matter the cost.

And soon, she would be able to get her relief. As she had been checking the watch, Annica knew that she would be able to pee any minute now. And it was then Annica started to consider her options once again. So far, she had been laser focused on getting her relief no matter the cost. Even if she had to pee on the floor. But now the end was in sight. And with that in mind, Annica could think a little clearer. She could think clearly enough to remember the one-liter bottle of carbonated water she’d had at the train station, and how that bottle was still inside her bag.

Now, both you and I know there is more than just a liter in Annica’s bladder. But despite that, it was not a half-bad plan. After relieving herself of that liter, Annica would have options. Perhaps she could find something else to pee in, or even put her panties back on and start checking the toilet again. Either way, it would significantly raise her chances of getting out of this situation both relieved and free of needing to explain a massive puddle. Annica grabs the bottle, and gently brings it into position. She is now ready to start filling it as soon as her twenty minutes are up. Any second now. Any second n-.

“Excuse me miss. Please, use the train bathrooms – they should be free right now.”

O, misfortune of misfortunes. With her current pose, it was not possible for anyone to misunderstand what Annica was about to do. Of course, Annica wanted nothing more than to follow the ticker inspector’s directions. If she could just pee in the toilet, all of her worries would dissipate. She would get her long-deserved relief while avoiding the mortification of several lifetimes she was currently experiencing. But it was impossible – getting up to use the toilet would unavoidably mean putting her clothes back on first. And despite her total embarrassment, the pain and volume in her bladder more than tipped the scales. She couldn’t wait any longer, she just had to pee as soon as possible. Even adding an additional twenty minutes before her relief was unthinkable.

“I-I..ah… I’m so s-sorry! I-I can’t move or I-I’ll…!” Annica was far beyond able to come up with even the simplest lie. However, her body did not quite seem to agree with the truth of her need to pee, at least in the eyes of an onlooker. After all, there was still nothing coming out of her. Even with her pee hole pointed directly at the cup, not even a small leak would escape. Every second must have felt like an age – to Annica and the confused ticket inspector both. Annica, waiting desperately to start relieving herself into the bottle even with an audience. And the ticket inspector, unsure of how long it was appropriate to wait before speaking up again. Eventually, the horrifying silence became too much.

“If you can just hold it for a few seconds, I ask that you come with me to the bathrooms. They are just nearby.”

Annica stood up, then. What else could she do? Explaining the situation was just too much for her in her current state.

“And please,” the ticket inspector looks a little concerned. “Put something on first.”

It was as if these horrible words became Annica’s herald, her clarion call. The final sign her body needed to give in. Of course, the true reason was that her twenty minutes were up, and that now that she was finally able to pee, she had neither willpower nor strength left to stop it. Now that she could pee, she would pee. It left her body like a torrent, carried by gravity until it splashed against the floor.

Unconsciously, Annica had slightly parted her legs. Anyone staring at her lower abdomen would be able to visibly how it deflated as urine left her body in a hurry. And anyone who could see or even hear her would be shocked at just how hard she was peeing given she was for all intents and purposes wetting herself. But you and I both know the reason – now that she was finally able to relieve herself fully she simply had to do it, no matter the circumstances. If there was any doubt as to the relief Annica felt in that moment, her generous moans would have been the final giveaway. That is, if anyone could hear them over the raging waterfall.

And other than the ticket inspector, there was one more who could see and hear Annica’s relief. I have told this story as someone who witnessed this critical moment. Just a few minutes prior, I had boarded this train. I had been a long time abroad, and this particular train was the last one I would have to ride before finally coming home. At that time, I had walked past Annica’s seat, completely oblivious to her desperation.

However, when the ticket inspector arrived it had been impossible to ignore the clearly desperate-to-pee and half-naked lady a few seats down from my own. I didn’t exactly want to stare, but hopefully you will understand my shock and curiosity in that moment. And as Annica started peeing, the greatest pee I have ever witnessed, I simply couldn’t take my eyes away. But enough about myself. I have, at best, a minor role to serve in this story. And details such as how I came to learn about Annica’s condition and the circumstances that led to my witnessing her relief are irrelevant to this particular story. Now, we return to the moment of Annica’s relief.

Annica’s pee stream kept going and going for what felt like an eternity. I suspect the ticket inspector was too stunned to speak. But all things must end, even a pee so desperately needed as this one. Annica stopped peeing almost as suddenly as she began, her stream going from full blast to nothing in an instant. One last spurt fully empties her bladder, finally. Annica looks up again, shyly. “I-um. I have my ticket in the bag.”

