Damsel Knights - Page 2

Author: donut_tire

*025*2018-11-04 18:51

Have a New Profile! It´s Her turn now!

Name: Tess Colton

Age: 19

Occupation: Management Student

Stone: Earth

Weapon: Earth Mace

Special Attack: Earth Quaker

The Second in Command of the Damsel Knights, Cheery, optimistic and determinator, these are the traits that define Tess. it is yet to know in which circumstances the Earth Stone chose her

Growing up on her Family´s Ranch, Tess has experience the benefits of the physical work, her family is quite big, thus she knows how to handle some situations like the constant bickering between Elysia and Meifeng earning herself the title of Team Mom. She has no problems being diapered and she´s completely comfortable wearing them.

Tess helps in many variable ways in combat as she´s the Tallest and physically Strongest of the Knights, she also backs up Adaleiz with extra trainings whenever is required. While good at combat, Tess driving skills are a bit too much for Meifeng. Despite this, Tess is always there for her Girls.

*028*2018-11-05 03:38

{{4 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Nice loving this

}}

Thank you for the continous support I really appreaciate it!

{{3 hours ago, AndrosTecaduro said:

The wall of text was so big and solid that I couldn't read the great story inside.

My suggestion is: open a new paragraph for each person speaking. Descriptions will have paragraphs to themselves. The story flows better so. Here's an example:

"Did you pee now, Beth?" - said Amanda.

Beth was struggling to not use her diaper, not yet.

"Barely holding on, let's go."

}}

Thanks for the advice, I´ll fix the text before posting the next Episode so nobody misses the story :)

*029*2018-11-05 09:19

We´re getting closer to the Villains Profiles! XDDD

Meanwhile here´s today´s Profile!

Name: Yang Meifeng 杨美峰

Age: 17

Occupation: High School Student

Stone: Wind

Weapon: Wind Fans

Special Attack: Wind Cyclone

One of the Youngest members of the Damsel Knights, also the shortest of them all. Hot headed, impulsive and rebellious, Meifeng is a pint sized force to be reckoned with. She was chosen by the Wind Stone in the middle of a fight with Anastasia inside of an abandoned Building

Meifeng comes from a hard working family, however her Parents were more focused on her academic education rather than what she thought, one single fight to protect a bullied classmate was the last straw for her Parents thus retiring her from school and cutting all contacts with her then friends, Meifeng spent her teenage life Homeschooled until she was allowed to enroll on a Girls Only School where she would meet future team mate Princess Elysia.

Meifeng and Elysia often gets into arguments that escalates quickly often requiring the intervention of either Adaleiz or Tess (Mainly Tess actually) and still they respect each other. Meifeng´s rebellion also leads to dislike anything girly, yet, being the Knight of Wind, she got herself a Bright Green Qipao Style Uniform much to her dismay, she also has a inner dislike towards being diapered full time (except when she´s playing videogames or sleeping)

*031*2018-11-06 06:37

The Last profile of the Heroic Damsel Knights!

Name: Princess Elysia Toov

Age: 17

Occupation: High School Student/ Ambassador / Princess

Stone: Thunder

Weapon: Thunder Spear

Special Attack: Thunder Strike

The Other Youngest Knight on the Team, Regal, Proud and Polite, Elysia lives up to her Royal Lineage.

She was chosen on her very first school day far away from her home, the Kingdom of Majesteria.

Elysia is the Youngest Child on the Majesterian Royal Family, she lived surrounded by all kind of luxuries, yet, she doesn´t let this got up to her head. Her life turned upside down when her Mother Passed Away and years later, Her Older Brother went MIA on a Mission leaving only her Father, Prince Björn with no option than send Elysia to America as an Exchange Student and Ambassador of Majesteria.

Elysia is a very confident girl and remains stern and serious in battle, however, her constant bickering with Meifeng sometimes compromises the battle, despite they do respect each other, Elysia and Meifeng doesn´t seem to get along. Elysia is quite embarrassed about being diapered and her only bit of support is when she´s with her team.

*033*2018-11-06 07:01

{{13 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Awesomeness

}}

Really appreciate all your support! More Profiles will come after Episode 9. :)

