Genshin——Raiden Shogun

Author: daibd

*000*2025-04-04 11:23

Posting for the first time

Translate the full text from a foreign language into English.

In Inazuma City, the Tenshukaku was shining brightly under the illumination of the resplendent lights. A grand banquet to celebrate the successful signing of trade agreements between Inazuma and multiple countries was in full swing. Envoys from various countries and nobles of Inazuma flocked here and gathered together. In the entire hall, wine cups and chopsticks were clinking, and laughter and conversations rose and fell one after another, interweaving into a bustling diplomatic spectacle.

The Raiden Shogun, dressed in a magnificent outfit with exquisite tailoring and intricate embroidery, sat majestically in the main seat, like the most dazzling star in the night sky, exuding an awe - inspiring dignity. Her posture was upright, her expression cold, and every gesture demonstrated the demeanor of a ruler. As the banquet began, the waiters, like shuttling swallows, constantly poured fine wine for the Shogun. Although the Shogun was not fond of such social occasions by nature, for the sake of Inazuma's diplomatic cause, she had to force herself to socialize. Before she realized it, she had drunk quite a bit of fine wine.

Before long, a slight urge to urinate quietly hit. At first, this feeling was relatively mild. The Shogun just slightly furrowed her brows and then continued to talk cheerfully with the envoy from Mondstadt beside her. However, time was like a relentless hourglass. With each passing grain of sand, the pressure in her bladder was like a rising tide, becoming more and more surging. The urge to urinate was like a runaway wild horse, becoming increasingly difficult to suppress.

The Shogun's legs unconsciously and slowly came together, as if this could build a dam to resist the urge to urinate. But this meager effort was just a drop in the bucket. That unbearable feeling was like a sharp thorn, mercilessly eroding her will. Her face still maintained an appearance of calm, yet a thin layer of fine sweat had quietly oozed out on her forehead, just like the glistening dewdrops on the tips of grass in the early morning, revealing the struggle in her heart.

"Your Excellency the Shogun, the successful conclusion of this trade agreement is entirely due to your wise decision - making!" The Mondstadt envoy had a beaming smile on his face, and his words were full of praise.

The Shogun slightly nodded and replied steadily, "This is the result of the joint efforts of the two countries. May we be able to expand more cooperation opportunities in the future." Although her tone was still calm, during the pauses in her words, she had to secretly clench her teeth to resist the overwhelming urge to urinate.

At this moment, the Shogun's bladder was already filled to the limit, like a balloon on the verge of bursting. She felt as if she was on the edge of a cliff, and with the slightest misstep, she would fall into the abyss of incontinence. Her legs couldn't stop trembling slightly, and the tips of her toes were unconsciously tapping gently on the ground, trying to distract herself from the constant pain. Her hands tightly grasped the armrests of the chair, and her knuckles turned pale due to excessive force, just like the remaining snow in winter.

Suddenly, a warm liquid unexpectedly leaked from the Shogun's lower body. Her heart tightened suddenly, and a trace of panic flashed across her face, but years of calmness and fortitude allowed her to quickly regain her composure. She knew that she had already started to leak urine. To avoid being noticed by others, she quietly shrank her body back into the chair, hoping that the wide skirt could, like a loyal guard, cover up this embarrassment for her.

However, the situation of urine leakage became more and more serious. The warm urine flowed continuously down the inner side of her thigh like a winding stream, pooling into a small puddle of water on the ground. Fortunately, the people around didn't seem to notice the Shogun's anomaly and were still immersed in the cheerful conversation. The Shogun was extremely anxious and filled with helplessness. She desperately wanted to find an excuse to escape this situation that made her feel like sitting on pins and needles and deal with this urgent physiological need.

Finally, the banquet came to an end. The Shogun, enduring the urge to urinate that almost overwhelmed her, struggled to stand up and bid farewell to everyone one by one. Her movements were slow and stiff, and every step she took seemed to bear a thousand - jun weight. Her legs were tightly clamped together, as if bound by an invisible rope, and she moved her body with great difficulty.

When she finally stepped out of the hall and there was no one around, she could no longer care about her usual dignified image. She tightly covered her lower body with both hands like tongs and rushed towards the toilet in a hurry. Her body was slightly hunched, her steps were staggering, and from time to time, painful groans escaped her mouth, like a wounded wild animal wailing alone in the dark.

"Faster, go faster..." The Shogun kept urging herself in her heart. However, the long - term urine leakage had exhausted her physical strength, and her steps became heavier and heavier. Every step was like stepping on thorns.

The warm urine continuously gushed out from between her fingers and trickled down her arm onto the ground, leaving a trail of embarrassment. She clearly felt the flow of that warm current, and the sense of shame in her heart burned like a raging fire, becoming more and more intense.

Finally, when she rushed to the toilet, the Shogun was as if struck by lightning - the toilet door was closed, and a conspicuous sign read "Under cleaning, temporarily out of service". Seeing this, despair, like a cold tide, instantly submerged her.

"How could this be..." she murmured to herself, with a hint of sobbing in her voice. At this moment, her bladder was filled to the extreme. Every second of waiting was as long as a year, and every heartbeat was accompanied by unbearable suffering.

Her body leaned weakly against the toilet door, and her hands desperately covered the urethral orifice, trying to stop the urine from flowing out. But all was in vain. The urine still seeped out from between her fingers. Her legs were trembling more and more violently, and her body twitched uncontrollably, as if making a final protest against this cruel reality.

"No... I can't incontinent here..." The Shogun shouted desperately in her heart. She looked around, and her eyes fell on a utility room not far away. At this moment, she had no other choice but to drag her heavy body and stagger towards the utility room.

Her steps were heavy and faltering. With every step she took, more urine gushed out. Her skirt was already completely soaked and dragged heavily on the ground like a lead weight, as if sighing for her embarrassment.

Finally, she came to the utility room. She pushed open the door with a trembling hand and stumbled into the room. However, it seemed that fate was still not willing to let her go. Just as she stepped into the utility room, her foot was severely tripped by a box on the ground.

She fell forward, and her hands instinctively tried to support the ground. This fall was like the last straw that broke the camel's back, making her completely lose control of her bladder. A large amount of urine gushed out from her lower body like a burst dam, forming a powerful stream.

"Ah..." The Shogun let out a desperate groan. She lay on the ground, allowing the urine to flow freely. Her body was completely soaked by the urine, and her hair was messily stuck to her face. At this moment, where was there any trace of the Shogun's dignity? There was only endless embarrassment and shame, as if being mercilessly teased by fate.

It was a long time before the Shogun's urine gradually stopped flowing. She weakly got up from the ground and slowly sat down against the wall. Her eyes were empty, her face haggard, and fatigue and helplessness enveloped her like a haze.

"I never thought I would be so embarrassed..." The Shogun murmured to herself, her voice full of bitterness. This unexpected experience made her deeply understand the helplessness and vulnerability of ordinary people. Even with great power, in the face of physical instincts, one seemed so small and powerless.

After a short rest, the Shogun tried her best to tidy up her clothes, trying to regain the dignity that belonged to the Shogun. She took a deep breath and slowly walked out of the utility room.

At this time, the night was deep, and the Tenshukaku was plunged into silence. The Shogun silently returned to her room and gently closed the door. She lay on the bed, staring at the ceiling, and couldn't fall asleep for a long time. Tonight's experience, like a brand, was engraved in her heart, becoming an indelible memory, constantly reminding her that even as a god, she had a vulnerable side like an ordinary person.

