Car wetting

Author: Docmain321

*000*2022-10-01 02:02

Jay was a 20 year old boy riding in the back of the car next to his little brother and his mum in the driver seat.

The family were travelling back from a weekend break and had just embarked on their 8 hour journey back home. Everyone had used the toilet before they got in the car. About half an hour in jay fell asleep and so did his brother, a couple of hours later they both woke up. Jay looked out the window as the scenery passed by. His little brother playing on his ipad. Jay had 2 coffees with his breakfast and was now starting to need the toilet but was no where near desperate. Soon his little brother spoke up “mummy I need to pee”. “Okay I will stop at the next service station, how are you jay”? “Yeh I’m fine, I could go if we stop” jay replied. The next service station was 15 miles away. “Glad I’m not really desperate” thought jay.

Soon they passed a sign “service station 7 miles away”.

”god still 7 miles to go” jay thought. Jays urge had grown stronger but still a while away until things get serious. He kept trying to distract himself by looking out the window. “Mummy I really need to pee” his little brother” shouted. “Don’t worry we will be there soon” mum said. “How are you jay”?. “I’m fine” he replied he was now at about 7/10.

They pass a sign “services 4 miles”

”thank god, not long to go now, I shouldn’t have had that coffee” he thought to himself. Suddenly the car started to slow down. “What’s going on” jay asked anxiously. “There’s a bit of traffic jam” his mum said as the car came to a halt. “This better be quick” jay thought. His need was now at an 8. The traffic was at a standstill. “Mummy I really need to pee” his little brother screamed. “Don’t worry we will be moving soon, just hold on” mum replied. Jays little brother was still in the middle of toilet training so his mum made sure he wore a diaper in the car just incase a situation did arise.

10 minutes later the traffic hadn’t moved an inch. Jay was now getting desperate. “How long do you think we will be here for” as he sat bouncing his leg to distract him. “I don’t know not long I don’t think why”?. “Just kinda needing the toilet” jay replied. “God did I really just say that” he thought. “Mummy I really need to go I don’t think I can hold it any more” his little brother shouted. “Just try and hold on sweetie”.

Another 10 minutes pass, “mummy I can’t hold anymore” his brother screamed. “Okay you did well, that’s why you have a diaper on” his mum said. Jay hears his little brother start peeing. The psssss can be heard which makes jays desperation even worse. “This is so unfair, why does he get to release and I have to hold on it’s not fair” jay thought to himself.

The seat belt was cutting into jays bladder which was making the situation worse. He prayed that the traffic would start moving. Jay started to hold himself discretely while shifting about in his seat. “Are you ok jay”? Mum asked. “Yeh I’m fine” jay lied. 5 minutes later, jay was now at a 10. Suddenly jay leaked. He immediately grabbed his dick. He could feel a little wet patch in his boxers. His brother turned to jay “mummy jays holding himself”. “No I’m not, I’m just itching” jay lied. His mum turned around. “He’s fine sweetie” his mum totally unaware of the little pee patch currently sitting in jays boxers. “God this can’t be happening” jay panicked. I cannot pee in my pants. A 20 year old pissing himself in front of his little brother and mum.

5 minutes later and another leak came, this time it was a little bit bigger. Jay could feel that it was worse as he could feel the wet patch grow about another centimetre in his boxers. Again he grabbed himself and seized his penis to stop the leak. “Fuck no no no this can’t be happening”. He discreetly slipped his hand down his boxers to asses the damage. He felt the small wet patch that had formed on his white boxers. “God I am going to piss my pants if we don’t start moving soon” he thought. “mum I really need to pee now, can I just get out and go at the side of the road”. His mum looked around “ you can’t jay there’s a police car behind us, they will arrest you if you get out and start peeing” she said in a concerning voice. “Don’t worry we will be moving soon”. “God just my luck jay thought, I could easily get out and pee but society thinks I should just pee in my pants”.

Another 5 minutes passed, jay was holding on for dear life. Eventually his body gave up, he could hold no more. He started to wet himself. He couldn’t stop it. The pee filled the front of his boxers and started to flow over the sides of his legs, he could feel the pee cover the top of his legs and slowly consumed underneath him. His bum was now wet and near swimming in his accident. His jeans slowly changed colour.

“HAHAHAHAHHAHA, Jay has peed in his pants” his brother laughed. “Shut up you idiot” jay snapped back. His mum turned around to look. She saw her son sitting in a puddle of pee. “Don’t worry, honey, there’s nothing you could have done”. Jay sat in his mess near to tears. He was so embarrassed, he a 20 year old was sitting in wet pants. He was no different from his little brother. He was ashamed and close to tears. A minute later the traffic started moving. 10 minutes later they pull in into the service station. His mum got his little brother out of the car. To get something to eat and so she could go to the toilet. “Are you coming jay”? Jay looked up “No mum I can’t, everyone can see that Iv pissed myself”. “Okay just stay in car, we will be back soon. 8 minutes pass and jay was alone in the car. He needed to pee again. His 2 options, get out and go to the bathroom and face the embarrassment of passing loads of people in dripping wet pants. Or, he could just re wet himself.

“What have I got to lose I’m already wet and I’m definitely not walking in public like this” he thought. He undid his seat belt, pulled his jeans down so he was only wearing his boxers. He sat back and relaxed himself. The stream started again, the near white boxers now slowly turning a dark gray colour grew in size. The warmth again filled his front and covered his bum. Once he finished he looked down. Utterly ashamed of himself. He hadn’t wet himself for about 15 years and now he’s peed in his pants twice in the past half hour. 

He pulled his jeans back up just as him mum came back to the car. “Here” she said as she tossed him something, put that on, I’m going to go back get some snacks for the car with your brother. Jay looked and saw that his mum had tossed him a diaper. There was no clothing stores in the services. So it was ether sit in the pee soaked boxers or change into the diaper. Could this get any worse he thought. He penis and bum was getting cold as the pee had set in. He stripped and put the diaper on. He slipped his jeans back on, he was lucky as the diaper protected him from the wet patch on his jeans, lucky he was sitting down when his body released.

An hour later jay needed to pee again. He did not speak up, the humiliation he had had to endure today was too much. He decided that he wouldn’t last until he got home. He hadn’t spoken the whole way home. He sat there desperate to pee. “Why oh why did I have those coffees this morning” he thought. He didn’t care at this point. He couldn’t hold on and he didn’t care. Suddenly, “pssssssss”, he started to pee in his diaper. The warmth once again filling his sensitive areas. He didn’t care. Humiliation couldn’t get worse, he was just enjoying the sweet release. “What’s that noise mummy” his brother asked. “I don’t know” she replied. She looked around and caught jays face in the mirror, she could tell that jay was currently peeing. “I think it’s just the car honey, I will look when we get home”. She didn’t want to embarrass her son anymore, the last thing he needed was “oh that’s jay peeing in his diaper”.

They finally got home. Jay got his wet boxers and put them in his bag. He got out the car, the once snug fit diaper was now hanging down, sort of dangling due to the amount of pee jay had let out in the car. There was a chaffing sound as he walked. He sat down on the stairs to take his shoes off. The diaper pressed up against his bum. The diaper was warm so it didn’t bug him that much. He went up to the bathroom and tuned the shower on. He took his clothes off and could see himself in the mirror. A grown boy standing in a soggy wet diaper. His mum came in. “Jay don’t worry about today we all have accidents in our pants sometimes. Did you pee in your diaper”? “Yes I didn’t want to say I needed cuz I thought what’s the point” he whispered all embarrassed. He took his diaper off and handed it to his mum. His bum and penis still wet from being in the diaper. He then hopped in the shower and cleaned himself up.

