A smelly fantasy

Author: David_E

*000*2018-05-04 10:58

Unfortunately this story is pure fiction!

I was in my second year at university, on an engineering course, when I discovered a student internet group that organised kinky parties.

I only really had one kink, and anyway my girlfriend at the time was not into anything kinky, so I just stored the link away for possible future use. Eventually my beautiful girlfriend left me, and for a while I felt very lonely - just plunging myself into the coursework to take my mind off my loss. One lonely evening, I checked out that link again. They were running a "Cat Chaser Conspiracy" themed party!

The blurb explained that there wouldn't be a "Wetty Gurl" to perform while singing - but all the girls who came would be encouraged to wet themselves - so "Come in something washable!". The event was arranged at very short notice - the following evening - so as to avoid any problems!

I arrived at the party a little late, my lab work had over-run a bit, and by the time I had showered and changed, it was almost too late to go. Inside the room, the floor was covered in plastic, couples were dancing, and there was indeed a certain pee fragrance about that room. Most of the girls seemed to have followed instructions and wet their jeans at least a bit, but practically every girl was dancing with someone. Two girls were dancing with each other - both wet - but it looked as if they didn't want anyone else to join them!

There was one girl stood at the side, looking rather nervous. Her jeans were seriously soaked, and she looked absolutely adorable (even without her wet jeans), slightly plump, and a little shorter than me, with long brown hair.

As I approached her, she looked up, just as I realised that unlike the other girls, she absolutely STANK of pee! I was just about to turn away, when the most sensible part of my body stood rigidly to attention and saved the day by making me start to chat her up!

As we danced, I put my arm round Rosemary and pulled her in closer. I think she must have felt the sensible part of my body, because she smiled slightly. Then she whispered,

"I like the Cat Chaser theme, but I think I overdid it!"

"Or maybe you got things just right! What happened?"

She giggled a bit - obviously not too embarrassed - "Well, I forgot I was supposed to hold my pee for this party, so I peed what little I had into an empty spray bottle, and sprayed it on my like a perfume!"

She blushed adorably!

By now, I was getting used to her pee smell, so my head was starting to agree with my sensible bits.

"The result is sensational!"

I could feel her relax in my arms, and we both picked up a glass of wine.

Back at her room, she insisted that she must shower before anything else happened. I didn't say anything, but she read my face, and giggled again.

"Or we could do this the really dirty way, I suppose!"

We kissed for ages, before I started to undo her jeans.

"Are you sure you wouldn't still like me to go for a shower?"

I smiled into her beautiful face, and answered by sliding her jeans down, and starting to kiss her thighs, still with her wet panties on. She was already breathing very deeply when I slipped her panties off....

I am now in my final year, and Rosemary is still my girlfriend. Normally she is a very clean girl, but every so often we re-enact that first evening, including the pee spray!

