Heroes of Olympus

Author: drummerdevil

*000*2017-08-01 17:39

Chapter 1

In a way, it began before the seven demigods came together. However, it did not turn into something sexual until they did. The three girls had always had issues finding time to relieve themselves on these side missions. Annabeth had it the worst; as she had a small bladder and had gone on several missions, but neither of the other girls had had it easy either. Hazel had issues because she was so shy, and all the girls had remarkably small bladders.

Even in the early stages of the trip, it was a nuisance to the girls to relieve themselves. There was only one bathroom on the entire ship, and quite frequently it would either be busy or they just wouldn’t have time to visit it. Combine that with the fact that they had been lectured on making sure to keep good hydration, and it was a recipe for disaster.

Needless to say, all three of the girls had wet themselves multiple times on this trip, but had been too embarrassed to say anything about it. However, tonight, that was going to change.

It was a very cold Mediterranean night, colder than anything Hazel had ever experienced. The strange thing was, the other girls seemed to be fine, but Hazel was freezing. The heater was broken and Leo had crashed, he probably couldn’t be awoken even if Hazel wanted to, and she didn’t because he needed his sleep. What that amounted to, though, was Hazel sitting in the mess hall wrapped in blankets and drinking hot chocolate.

She had refused to go down to her room, stating that she needed to remain on duty, but she was finally willing to admit that she was not needed on deck, as she was hurting their progress more than helping. So she sat, curled up in her blankets, and she drank hot chocolate.

Now, the issue was, with all the blankets providing padding, she was starting to not feel things as much. Shen the hot chocolate was too hot, she didn’t notice. When she needed to pee, she didn’t notice. And when she got to the point where she should have gone to the bathroom a long time before, she still didn’t notice.

That changed when Annabeth ran down into the mess hall, screaming “Hazel! Get up here NOW!” Immediately, or as quickly as she could, Hazel threw off five or six blankets and raced up on deck.

Now this was something she had never witnessed before in her life. Pegasi were attacking the ship.

“What are they doing? Pegasi don’t act like this!” She shouted, as the sound of all the Pegasi was too loud.

“I think Gaea found a way to brainwash them! We have to get them off the ship or they’ll break everything!”

“We can’t hurt them! They’re innocent! They’re just brainwashed!”

“Any ideas, then?”

“The water cannons! We can blast them! It doesn’t hurt them but it will drive them away!”

“Then get to the cannons!” The three of them sprinted across the deck, covering their heads from attack. The cannons took a few seconds to fill, but then they all picked a direction and shot at a cluster of pegasi.

It resulted well. The pegasi that had been hit flew off, never to be seen again. Unfortunately, that only enraged their comrades who hadn’t been hit. They flew directly at the girls, and the girls were forced to blindly fire almost directly upwards. The result of this was that the girls got soaked. The water was freezing, the night was freezing, and now Hazel realized how badly she had to pee.

Now, being from the forties, Hazel was not willing to just pee herself. So she held on, even though it made her less effective. The combination of the wet, the cold, and the sound of the cannons left here more desperate than she could ever remember being in her life.

It took a miserable twenty minutes to drive away the pegasi. Eventually, they did.

“Annabeth, can you go record the attack in the ship’s log?”

“I thought that was usually your job.”

“It should be, but I really need to go to the bathroom. Please help me out.”

“Sure.” Hazel waddled off, trying not to have to hold herself but eventually admitting to herself that it was necessary.

Eventually, she finally reached the bathroom. She grasped the handle and turned, only to find that it was locked.

“Who’s in there?”

“Frank.” Came a muffled voice.

“Can you try to hurry up in there? I really need to go.”

“I can try, but you know me.” Hazel did know him. It usually took him a while when he used the bathroom. It was just a product of the way his metabolism worked. “You know, you can come in here and join me. I won’t tell.”

“Frank!” She exclaimed, growing flustered. “OK, I’ll try to wait.” She waddled her way back up onto the deck where the other girls were.

“You ok, Hazel?” Piper asked.

“No, not really. I really have to pee, but Frank’s in the bathroom, and who knows how long that will take.

“I know. Hey, let’s go down to the mess hall and try to find a way for you to relieve yourself.”

“No way, Piper. I’ll wait for Frank.”

“Actually, you won’t. He’ll be at least another half hour, and given that my mom is Aphrodite and apparently a lot of people are into that sort of thing, I can tell how full your bladder is. You won’t make it five more minutes. Now, let’s go find a giant bowl or something.”

“Oh… ok then.” Hazel was very embarrassed but she knew Piper wasn’t lying. She knew that, if there was a chance for her to relieve herself, she had to take it, and was now willing to do anything. She stuffed her hands in her crotch and waddled down to the mess hall, where Annabeth was fixing herself a snack.

“Problem, Hazel?” She asked innocently.

“I really have to pee and Frank’s in the bathroom. According to Piper, there’s no possible way for me to make it, and I need to find a bowl before I explode.”

“Totally get it. Hold on.” Annabeth ran and grabbed a giant serving bowl. “I know this is embarrassing, but pull your pants down.”

Red faced, Hazel nodded. She yanked down her jeans, but couldn’t get off her panties before she began to pee. Eventually, knowing it would just spill everywhere, she just gave up and went through her panties.

Sighing with relief, she looked around. She noticed Piper had her hand down her pants, and was blatantly staring at Hazel.

“Piper!” She exclaimed.

“I can’t help it! You know my issue!” That was true. Now that she could think clearly, Hazel remembered that Piper was constantly horny due to being a daughter of Aphrodite and frequently had moments where she could do nothing but masturbate.

Hazel decided not to dwell on it. Piper’s fetishes were dictated by what people were currently into, and apparently a lot of people liked piss. She decided to try to finish this and never think of it again. Little did she know how much this little accident was going to spark.

*005*2017-08-03 20:40

Guys... I'm not Rick Riordan, I'm a terrible writer in general, and this is like my second omo story ever. Please don't judge. It will not be as good as you want it to be. If you don't like it, don't read it. I can't do anything about this, I'm just an awful author.

*010*2017-08-08 19:16

There will be an update. I'm just slow.

