Overwatch: Defending the Factory

Author: dodedrea

*000*2017-02-27 02:21

The faint red light flickered in the distance on the snowy evening in St. Petersburg, Russia. The bleak sky reflected an all-encompassing neutral tone on the Volskaya factory as dusk faded to evening. The factory was a known battleground that had caused many a fight to occur in securing objectives and disrupting its operations. The objective was simple enough; capture a point or defend until time expires and the battle was won. It fell upon the Blue team of six to defend this last objective in a tug-of-war conflict. However, the Blue team had boasted a small victory hardy enough to allow a counter-push back towards the Red base.

Reinhardt gave a hearty laugh and raised his fist to the skies. "WE BRING THE FIGHT TO THEM, catch them off guard and finish this for good." His voice broadcasted loudly over the room and finished his chant with a firm pat on his suit's chestpiece. It was difficult to not feel the morale boost from his passion.

With very little delay, Mei spoke up.

"I um- I'll defend the point to try-- if anyone tries to--- um sneak behind.", it was an awkward fumble of words to attempt to hide the real reason for wanting to abandon the team. The exchange was almost as embarrassing as the reason itself, but spared from a warming smile and salute from Tracer, "Of course, love. I believe in you!" This seemed enough for the remainder of their team to give a questioning shrug of their shoulders and push onwards to the next battle. In leading the charge, Tracer dashed away with the rest of the team trailing shortly behind and leaving Mei to herself. A hasty call to action brought about all-but-one mass exodus from defending the last objective room. It was a question Mei raised to the team with her alterior motives concealed.

The environmental scientist gingerly pushed her thick black-rimmed glasses up to the precipice of her nose. The sweat from an exhausted battle caused them to immediately slide down to rest lower on her nose again, eliciting a frustrated sigh. The sigh produced a plume of condensated breath with the freezing temperatures leaving much to be desired. Even with the gear prepared for such a climate, the weather sent an irregular chill throughout her body. There was still a flushness in her cheeks from the exhaustion of battle and a redness to her nose from the chill of the occasional whipping wind. With a gloved hand, she attempted to brush a few strays strands of her auburn hair away from her face.

"Um, everyone is gone, right?", the soft and insecure question was only met with a set of resounding echoes for confirmation. It brought awareness to just how large of an area the factory spanned. The main section of the factory was moments ago a heated battleground that now lay silent and uncharacteristically serene.

Mei gave an affirmative nod to her environmental robotic companion Snowball, "I guess my team is taking charge and it falls on me to defend this!" Her confidence melted away into concern almost instantly.

"But sooner rather than later would be so appreciated." Unconsciously Mei shifted the position of her feet, her body blaring and now free for broadcasting her need. The Chinese scientist had felt an urgent and desperate need to relieve herself over the span of the last battle. In the long and difficult fight for the final objective, after receiving a few injuries Mei had to drink several health capsules to stay engaged. In the intensity of battle her body had numbed her mind to the need in the obvious priority of attempting to stay alive.

In the post-battle it had taken her a valiant effort to obscure the direness of the situation. It was such a private matter and a problem her team need not know about. She could not live with the shame of letting all of the other five team members that she had worked with so closely that in a serious combat she had lost track of so basic a need as a grown woman.

It was then that Mei found herself in the quiet of the capture point room, only the soft hum of Snowball's processor and the distant work of a furnace to create any noise. Now free of judgment, her gloves quickly darted downward to hold herself. The pressure she was able to apply was drastically limited from the thickness of her particular jacket and let her presently unsatisfied. As a follow-up she jammed her gloved hand more forcefully to apply whatever pressure she could manage. She was unsure of how it had welled so quickly inside her after drinking just two health capsules. There was a swift run of her hand over the front of her jacket, but should could still feel the swell of a hardened and filled bladder inside of her.

"What if I just go really quick? If I went back to base to go no one would notice, right? I'm sure no one would get past my team." The bright blue interface of Snowball flickered in understanding, but it was ultimately a one-person conversation.

"But... Tracer had so much faith in me. I can't let her and the rest of the team down."

While deep in the dialogue, subconsciously Mei had began to rapidly tap her left boot on the cold metal flooring. In a quick glance at her wrist, the display showed a red 10 minute timer working its way downwards to zero.

The scientist stifled a desperate whimper and the weight her in bladder felt that much more overwhelming with a new dread filling her, "Ten minutes?!" The thought of holding for another ten minutes caused an anxious panic to set in for the climatologist. There was a definitely warmness and almost numbness in her abdomen that was now impossible to ignore. Mei stood still, internally debating the likely two-minute abandonment of her post and what consequences it could possibly have for her team.

Momentarily forgetting the want to keep her struggle to herself, Mei exclaimed, "I NEED TO GO SO BAD! HURRY UP!"

"I can do this. I can do this.I can do this! Just 9 more minutes", the short-haired scientist scrambled to pull together what confidence she could.

"I can d--" Her personal mantra was cut abruptly short with a nimble action as an arm with suddenly grappling around her throat and the press of a gun barrel against her back. In a quick flash the figure came into full form, a mechanical glove clutching around Mei's neck. The terrifying awe of the moment cause a temporary loss of control and a short burst of warmth rushed down Mei's thigh, dampening the patterned tights.

Sombra spoke with a smooth boldness that seemed laced with vicious intent, "You can do it? I'm not so sure amiga." The mexican hacker pressed the gun barrel more harshly against Mei's back, making sure the threat of death was known. "Let's talk."

[End of part I]

***Let me know what you think and of course of any grammar/spelling errors you find, thanks!***

*004*2017-02-27 15:15

"So--um. wha-", a confused jumble of words left the climatologist hostage. It was difficult to imagine that her situation could get any worse, but here it had tenfold. A moment of reprise allowed Mei to piece together the scene and attempt again to speak.

"What do you w-want? I won't give this point up, my team needs me." The words left her mouth with such little personal faith it was hard to place Mei as anything but helpless. Even in the tone there was no anger, just a plead, a beg for empathy. With a drawn weapon at her back she could not confirm, but the burst of wetness from being surprised still lingered, teasing a full release. The desperate need was to be discounted at the moment, as losing your life and what you promised to protect takes precedence. The ability to freeze herself crossed her mind, but with the device on her belt, it would be a test of speed from pulling a trigger and flipping a switch. A battle that would be gambling a loss against a trained gun-wielder.

If Mei were to turn around and see the devious expression Sombra was now showing, it would nothing less than disconcerting. The smile spoke of a dangerous intent with consequences yet to come with clear satisfaction. The deep purple eyes of Sombra stared at the previously unsuspecting prey from behind, her eyes full of vigor.

Sombra's voice was practiced in forced demands, the Mexican hacker spoke with a commanding tone laced with threats. "What do I want. Hm, good question. Well drop that gun at your hip unless you want this objective taken and your team to come back to your funeral." The lack of hesitation in her voice was the most unsettling part of her words.

Mei found the will to speak up, taking a brief pause as her bladder gave a warning throb. The dampness on her thighs caused a flush to begin again rising to her cheeks. It was time to accept the situation. With being compelled from her captor, Mei detached the Endothermic Blaster from its holster. The metal blaster dropped loudly to the floor as one of the canisters on the side promptly broke. "I... let my team down, but can't you just let me go? I can go to base and you can freely have this point."

"Who said I here for the point?" Sombra tensed her arm more tightly, bringing Mei's body more into hers.

"So you want to kill me?"

"Kill? You think so little of me. Why do you want to go back to base? Your team is fighting to hard out there it does not seem right to go relax, huh amiga?"

Mei stood silently, pondering a way to keep her strife secret. Another short leak pressed the dialogue forward, snapping her out of her thoughts. The portion of her tights that had quickly gone cold from the temperatures had now revived its warmth. With all of the tenseness of her body and as a captive it was difficult to think clearly. "I-- need to go."

"Oh? Go where, do you have a meeting?", the tone sent despair all throughout the Chinese woman's body as it was clearly meant for toying with her prey. Although not mentioning it previously, Sombra knew her plight. Now she just wanted to force Mei to vocalize it.

"Go-- to the restroom." The admission felt shameful. For a profession in a life-or-death situation, it felt like the plea of a little girl. Even worse that some was already released. The fortunate detail was how the length of her thick jacket kept the darkened part of her tights hidden.

The Mexican woman loosened her grip on Mei's throat, allowing a little relief of breath. "There, was that so hard?"

The easing her throat allowed for a question, but being likely seconds away from a full accident, there was a boldness in Mei's voice not found before, "Can I go to the base then?". Sombra withdrew the pressure of the gun at the pose of the question.

The question was posed and there was a lull in conversation after the scientist's words. Without notice, a warm hand patted the inside of her thigh, causing a surprise and an involuntary release. A fresh burst of warmth escaped, that cascaded lower down her thigh than the previous, "HEY!"

"Seems like you're a little late for the restroom, snowflake." Sombra said, finishing a quick brush of the saturated patterns tights of Mei. "I thought they potty trained members for the Overwatch initiative, guess I was wrong."

What started as a simple blush turned fully reddened, blood rushing to the face of the captive climatologist in embarrassment. An accident was mere seconds away and the predator that held her knew the stakes. Mei could barely feel her abdomen anymore, the sensation lost to numbness for holding to so much liquid and straining her muscles so much. The chinese woman could feel the cooling sensation of wind brushing by the sweat beading on her forehead.

"You can go.", the words echoed in Mei's head, the excitement giving her weakened bladder muscles a moment's resolve to hold on for the finish line. Was this a trick? It seemed too good to be true. Maybe Sombra had just wanted to torment her and have her definition of fun, but she had to confirm.

Mei spoke, "I can go back to base?"

The laugh the hacker released shattered her hopes before the words she said were even processed.

The petite woman holding her hostage flicked her brown hair to the side, then leaned in next to Mei's ear whispering, "Hardly. No, you can go here and now."

*008*2017-03-02 14:46

{{10 hours ago, Dracon said:

Ice wall...and run

}}

Honestly, I thought about this when writing. "Why wouldn't she just ice block/wall." Maybe I'll edit in a little blip about Sombra disabling abilities.

*010*2017-03-12 14:44

Here and now. It was a pemissible request with the level of urgency that Mei felt. The scientist could hardly resist obliging as the swell of her bladder was now painful to hold. The contents of her bladder were craving release and her body against her will ready to submit. The tension in her body was overwhelming making it difficult to think clearly. A freeing burst of urine made its way from her body causing a sudden gasp to escape her lips. The warmth snaked its way down her thighs and trailed downwards into the fur of her winter boot. Even through the intense winter chill of the russian afternoon, her whole body felt engulfed in a strong heat.

"No..."

Mei's voice trailed off, her confidence lost as a steady flow had begun to leave her body. The point of being spared the accident was easily a minute in the past. The pain that was wracking her nerves was ready to be defused. Her team would arrive back the base to find a pathetic little girl who couldn't hold it, the thought quickly formed a set of tears recalling Tracer's confidence.

"I...I...o-okay." The last word mumbled its way past Mei's lips in form of a stifled half-sob.

It was time to come to to terms with just how wholly the battle had been lost. With a resigned sigh, the strained climatologist submitted. What had started as an all silent trickle down her leg had now increased to a soft hissing sound beneath her thick coat. More and more her patterns tights became dark and saturated as her resistance subsided, a blaring sign to all that she had thoroughly soaked herself. She reveled in the relief of her strained muscles as the constricting pain was melting away.

This was such a personal moment for Mei, a personal time of weakness, of shame, but there was an ever-present witness. A witness holding her hostage at gunpoint and due to her own personal struggle had forgotten all about. Sombra was suddenly rememeber as she felt the warmth of an arm wrapped around her abdomen and a cold metallic hand running through her auburn hair. The mexican hacker was behind her still, now fully embracing the scientist that was peeing herself.

Somba spoke, her tone a full reversal of the sharp and viscious tone before. "Shhh, just let it all out." There was a smoothness in her voice, a comforting call. With emotions in chaotic state, Mei found it difficult to discern the sincerity. Internally, Mei scrambled for a response, but came up short. A noticeable wet warmth had collected in her one boot giving an audible squish as she adjusted her leg.

*014*2017-03-18 22:31

The whole situation was overwhelming in so many regards: humiliation, relief, fear, disappointment. Mei could do little to restrain the welling of tears in her eyes, making the afternoon glow of the Russian factory surrounding her difficult to see. Sombra had continued to run her hand fluidly through the scientist's unkempt hair, soon turning into a guided petting motion. It was bewildering to absorb the situation and Mei's mind clung to the strangely reassuring stroking of her hair by her captor. The lull in her mind and the strength of the embrace from behind caused the Chinese climatologist to succumb and fully relax, giving into her body's fading resistance.

Even with the steady stream of pee that had begun to soak floor and tights of Mei, there was still more contained.

Sombra leaned over Mei's shoulder and with a warmth breath at her neck whispered, "Go ahead my little snowflake, just relax."

The flow swiftly increased to a powerful stream, bursting through her already sodden tights to make a loud splatter on the installation floor. The sound noisily echoed off of the factory walls, only joined by the sound of heavier breathing from Sombra and a stifled moan from Mei. A large pool was now collecting directly between her booted feet and hastily increasing in size. The contrast of the hot urine and cold winter air caused condensation to quickly make her accident more evident. The powerful release allowed the scientist to arc her back into Sombra's tight embrace, now forcing her captor to support some of her weight.

The audible hissing slowed as her body neared empty, the reality of the mess now settling in her mind. The last few drops left her tights to join the pool below her and a last stream snuck through the already drenched fabric. The soggy fabric was on her thighs and as if any further confirmation was needed.

"I... I peed myself." It was such a defeated phrase that left her lips, the tears previously held in her eyes now beginning to streak their way down her face. A quiet sob followed the tears.

