The Cab Ride Home

Author: davidparker265

*000*2016-08-09 19:23

My first piece of fiction. Contains desperation, wetting, and some sexual content, particularly toward the end.

###

Katie brushed her hair back and took another sip of her beer. It was Friday, and she was celebrating an early quitting time with a few drinks at the bar with her friends. Her boyfriend Zack was still at work, and had been all week--with the long hours he'd been working, she'd barely gotten a chance to see him. But it was Friday, and they were finally going to have some time to themselves.

Katie had even dressed for the occasion. Knowing that this would be their first night together all weeks, she wore her favorite seafoam green tank top. It was hardly what you would call low-cut, but she liked it because it showed off just enough cleavage to drive Zack crazy, especially compared to her usual clothing. Katie was rather conservative in public, though the last few years with Zack had brought out an otherwise-buried wild side when they were in private. She shuffled in her seat, thinking about the night to come.

Katie took her last gulp and put down the empty glass. It was her second beer, and she was beginning to feel that ever-familiar urge to pee. She glanced at the bathroom, but decided to hold it--not out of laziness, but naughtiness.

Aside from an insatiable libido, Katie had a pee holding fetish--for as long as she could remember, she loved the feeling of filling up her bladder and squirming in her seat. As she got older, she became more daring, wetting her pants in the bathtub on occasion, and even some very wet sex with Zack (after she got the courage to admit her fetish). Her ultimate fantasy was to pee her pants in public--not a full wetting in a crowd, mind you, which was too embarrassing for her timid midwest sensibilities. But she got excited about the idea of letting out some descreet spurts where no one would see. She hadn't gathered up the courage for such an outing, so it stayed a fantasy for now.

Still, on this chilly Fall night, she was feeling frisky, so she decided she was going to use this urge to her advantage. She stuck her hand between her crossed legs, sneakily took a photo of it with her phone, and sent it to Zack. She didn't have to go that badly yet, but she staged the photo to tease him a little. "Saving up for you", she tapped in a text message, and sent it off to him, feeling a tiny twinge of excitement in her crotch for the night to come.

Katie checked her watch and realized she still had awhile before Zack would be home. So, to kill time, she decided to order one last beer. As she drank, she began to squirm a little in her seat--beer always went right through her. She figured this was perfect--by the time she got home, she'd be at the perfect level of desperation for some naughty fun. She paid for her beer, stepped outside, and did an incognito potty dance as she waited for the cab.

Once it arrived, she hopped in, gave her address, and rode off. But a few minutes into the drive, the car slowed down, and Katie's heart sank. There was an accident up the road, which, coupled with Friday afternoon rush hour, had brought the the only route home to a standstill.

Katie pulled out her phone to check their ETA. What was usually a twenty minute drive was now forty, and there were no easy detours they could take to get around the traffic. Katie cursed her choice to skip the bathroom--her strong urge was quickly turning into desperation, though she convinced herself she could hold it until she got home.

Katie tried browsing Facebook on her phone, but she soon became unable to concentrate. She had never gotten this desperate this quickly--it must have been the beer, rather than her usual water, that sped up the process. She squirmed in her seat, crossing and uncrossing her legs, trying to find a position that relieved the pressure. But nothing helped--she had to go, and soon.

She stealthily unbuttoned her jeans, which were now tightening around her bulging bladder. Her light pink panties peeked through the top, and she tried to cover it up with her hand so the driver wouldn't see. She resisted the urge to shove her hand down her pants to hold herself, and instead checked her phone again. They were still twenty minutes away. Clearly she wasn't good at estimating her bladder capacity--even without the traffic, she'd have been cutting it close. But with the traffic? There was no way she'd make it all the way home. Her bladder was still filling up at an alarming rate, and she was aching with a need to pee.

She looked out the window for possible places she could relieve herself. Unfortunately, they were on the freeway in the middle of the city's park--there was no bathroom to stop at, no way to turn around in the middle of the traffic jam, and there was SURELY no way she was going to ask the cab driver if she could squat on the side of the road. She'd rather wet herself in a cab than flash her crotch to a freeway full of unmoving cars.

Her only option, she concluded, was to try to let out a little bit of pee to relieve the pressure. Just enough so that her panties would get wet, but not her jeans. Of course, she had reservations--Katie had read enough desperation stories online to know that "letting a little bit out" rarely works, and she could risk a full-on wetting. But if she didn't try now, she'd just end up soaking herself later, so she decided it was worth the risk.

Katie uncrossed her legs and scooted her ass over the edge of the seat, just in case it all came rushing out--it'd drip onto the floor below instead of back into her seat. She didn't want to end up sitting in a puddle and soaking the butt of her jeans.

She took a breath, braced herself, and relaxed her muscles. But despite how desperate she was, being in public made it hard to truly let go. Finally, she felt a small spurt escape, dampening her panties before she immediately clenched back up.

"I did it!" she thought. "I didn't lose control at all!" Unfortunately, the spurt was so small that it didn't relieve any pressure either. She didn't even see a wet spot on her jeans. She could go a little more, right? She'd already proven to herself that she could stop.

She relaxed again, a bigger spurt shooting out from between her now-damp lips--but this time, it was harder to stop. She felt her muscles spasm as another spurt escaped. It slowed to a trickle, before she lost control completely and started shooting a steady stream into her wet panties and formerly dry jeans.

The stream quickly filled her panties and started to dampen her jeans, dripping onto the seat. "Fuck fuck fuck, no no no" she muttered under her breath as the drips turned into a steady flow, a small waterfall of pee cascading down the seat and onto the floor below her.

It felt so good to let go, but she forced herself to clamp down. After a good ten seconds of full-force peeing her pants, she was finally able to stem the flow. She let the last few drops fall, then scooted back into her seat, legs together and shaking.

She felt a little better, but she still had a strong urge to pee, and she knew her bladder was still filling up thanks to that last beer. She re-crossed her legs and dug her hand into her crotch, no longer caring who saw. She felt the wetness on her jeans on her hand, and pressed it into her crotch--she was nervous and embarrassed, but it was hard not to get a little turned on. She pulled her hand away and watched the clock slowly tick by as she bounced her legs up and down.

As she expected, her bladder filled back up quickly, and Katie began to get worried. Her pants were drying, but slowly--if she let any more out, the wet spot would certainly be noticeable when she got out of the cab, and she couldn't handle the embarrassment of walking to her apartment with wet pants. She decided she could hold on. They were out of the traffic, and she was only ten minutes away from home. She could make it. She HAD to make it.

After what seemed like an eternity and only a few accidental dribbles, the cab finally pulled up to her building. She frantically paid the driver, losing a few drops in the process, and opened the door. As soon as she stepped out, though, she doubled over, realizing that holding the dam was going to be twice as hard standing as it was sitting. Another trickle escaped down her inner thigh as she took her first step toward the door.

Barely holding on, she took quick, tiny steps up to the door of her apartment building. A jet of piss shot down her leg while she fumbled with the keypad. The door unlocked, and she rushed in, confronted with a horrible choice: Take the stairs, which were quicker but more likely to cause leaks, or the slow elevator, in which she could stand still.

Fearing her decision wouldn't matter, she dashed toward the elevator, hoping it was already at the lobby floor so she wouldn't have to wait for it. Score! It opened immediately, and she stepped in. Before she could rejoice in this tiny bit of luck, she heard a voice behind her yelling "Katie, hold the door!" Her downstairs neighbor, a woman in her late 20s, was looking to get on the elevator too. Even in her desperate state, Katie couldn't give up her midwestern manners--after all, she didn't want to become known as the building's resident bitch. She held the door for her acquaintance, and the elevator began its slow ascent to Katie's floor.

Trying not to look too conspicuous, Katie attempted to stand still, but the spurts were becoming more regular, each one only seconds after the last. She winced as she felt tendrils of pee drip down both her legs, praying that it didn't enlarge the wet spot on her jeans. After an arduous minute of waiting, Katie reached her floor, and the elevator doors opened. Her neighbor waved goodbye as Katie drew in a breath, prayed to keep control, and took the few steps out of the elevator toward her apartment.

As the elevator closed, her shuffle became a sprint--she was so close she could taste it. But as she reached her door, she realized she hadn't gotten her keys out yet--all that time wasted in the elevator! She began fumbling through her purse, but her excitement in reaching her apartment had gotten the better of her. She felt herself lose control completely as she futiley shoved her key toward the lock, missing the keyhole, and the next spurt exploded into a constant spray of piss, shooting right through her now-drenched panties and soaking the legs of her jeans.

There was nothing she could do anymore--she was full-on wetting her pants, frantically trying to get the key in the door. Then, in her worst possible moment of failure, her apartment door swung open, Zack standing in the doorway as her pee hissed out of her crotch and down her quiverling legs.

"I thought I heard you out here, you having trouble with your keys?" He said, before he noticed the tears beginning to stream down her face and the puddle at her feet.

"I...I tried to hold it too long", she stammered as she looked up at him, blushing with embarrassment. She was still peeing full force, but had given up on making it to the bathroom. Her jeans were already soaked, what was the point in trying?

Zack stood there, dumbfounded, while Katie said nothing. The only sound in the doorway was the hissing of her pee filling up her panties and falling onto the ground. Finally, she let out a long sigh as she found her relief, her stream finally slowing to a trickle.

She silently walked inside and began wiping off her clothes while Zack quickly mopped up the mess at their front door. He walked into the bedroom just as she pulled down her soaked panties, her glistening pussy peeking out as she bent over. Zack walked in and pulled her close with a strong, but tender kiss. "Be honest," he said. "You enjoyed that a little".

"It did feel awfully good to finally let go," she admitted, "and I peed a little in the cab too"--a fact that turned her on more than she'd let herself believe. After all, this was what she'd always dreamed about--a real public accident, her ultimate fantasy. And though it hadn't happened quite the way she'd planned, she was starting to get turned on again.

Zack kissed her neck, slowly moving down her chest and stomach, until he reached her bare, shaven, and piss-soaked pussy. She let out a loud moan as his tongue finally found its way to her clit.

He continued licking, her pussy already wet with anticipation, and she thought back on the entire incident--naughtily peeing in the cab, losing control at the door, and now, Zack's tongue tasting her pee as he licked her wet cunt. It was all she needed--after only a minute of tonguing, she started shaking as he brought her to a quivering, standing orgasm. A little extra pee trickled from her lips and down her leg as she came.

There were worse ways to end the week.

*003*2016-08-10 14:39

{{13 hours ago, littlebird said:

This was...wow. More please??

}}

Thank you!! What a compliment :-)

I am actually working on another one that's a little different. I'll post it up here sometime...whenever it's done...you never know how long these things are going to end up taking.

