Male car desperation

Author: Dinopee28

*000*2024-05-05 16:38

I used AI but wrote it in my own words.

The car is old and rickety, the engine growling like an animal as it idles. The interior is a mess of discarded fast food wrappers, empty soda cans, and the odd sock or two. The sun streams through the dusty windows, casting long, lazy shadows across the worn upholstery. It's just another typical afternoon for the two best friends in the world.

Jack sits behind the wheel, his muscular arms flexing as he grips it tightly. His face is flushed, his dark brown eyes darting nervously to and fro. He glances over at his friend, Tom, who sits next to him, his expression a mix of amusement and concern.

"Dude, are you sure you gotta go this bad?" Tom asks with a chuckle. "We're almost there."

Jack grinds his teeth together, feeling a familiar pressure building in his bladder. "I swear to God, if I don't piss soon, I'm gonna lose it," he says through gritted teeth. "Just give me a few more minutes, okay?"

Tom raises an eyebrow, his expression turning slightly mischievous. "Oh, you mean like this?" He leans back in the seat, folding his arms across his broad chest. "Or maybe like this?" He adjusts his position slightly, crossing his legs.

Jack's eyes widen, and a bead of sweat trickles down his temple. "Come on, man, seriously," he pleads, his voice growing desperate. "I can't hold it anymore."

Tom chuckles, unmoved by his friend's plight. He reaches into the paper bag between them, fishing around before finally retrieving a half-full water bottle. He unscrews the cap and hands it to Jack, a mischievous glint in his eye. "Here," he says, "drink up."

Jack stares at the water bottle, then back up at Tom. "You're serious?" he asks, his voice trembling.

Tom nods. "Why not? It'll help." He shrugs casually, but Jack can tell his friend is enjoying this way too much. With a sigh, Jack takes the bottle and begins to chug it, the cool liquid flowing down his throat. As he finishes it off, Tom takes the bottle back, unscrews the cap, and tosses it into the backseat.

"See?" Tom says, grinning. "That wasn't so bad, was it?"

Jack wipes his mouth on the back of his hand, still fidgeting in his seat. He glances down at his crotch, feeling the familiar pressure building up there as well. He clears his throat uncomfortably. "Yeah, well... thanks, I guess," he mutters, his voice barely audible over the rumbling engine. "But can we just get there already?"

The old car lurches forward, accelerating down the highway. Jack leans back in his seat, trying to relax, but he can't help but feel the growing tension inside him. He starts to fidget again, adjusting his grip on his crotch, wondering how much longer he can hold out.

As if sensing his friend's discomfort, Tom reaches over and places a reassuring hand on Jack's shoulder. "Hey, dude, we'll be there soon. Just hang in there a little longer, okay?" he says, flashing a sympathetic smile.

Jack nods, forcing a smile of his own. But the pressure in his bladder is growing more intense by the second, and it's becoming harder and harder to ignore it. He can feel his face flushing red, his heart racing. This has to be the most desperate he's ever been to pee.

"Dude, you okay back there?" Tom asks, concern creeping into his voice. "You don't look so good."

Jack shakes his head, unable to speak. His eyes dart around the car, searching for any possible distractions, any way to take his mind off of the painfully full feeling in his bladder. But it's no use. He can't focus on anything except the need to find a bathroom, and fast.

As the old car continues to rattle down the highway, Tom glances over at his friend, concern etched into his features. "Dude, are you sure you're going to be okay? I can pull over at the next rest stop, if you need me to."

Jack nods, still unable to speak through the desperation. He reaches down, gripping his aching bladder, feeling the familiar pressure building inside him. His face burns red, and sweat begins to bead on his forehead. He tries to take deep breaths, but they come out ragged and shallow.

The old car rumbles along, the engine making a steady thrumming sound that seems to echo through Jack's skull. He can feel his bladder stretching, threatening to give way at any moment. The urge to just let go and empty himself is overwhelming.

But he knows he can't. Not here. Not like this. He's got to hold on just a little longer. Tom glances back at him again, concern etched into his features. "Hey, man," he says, "just take it easy. We're almost there."

Jack nods, feeling a new wave of panic wash over him. "I'm... I'm doing my best," he manages to choke out. His bladder feels like it's about to explode, but he refuses to give in. He can't control his own body, can't control the urge to pee. All he can do is try to ignore it, try to focus on something else. Anything else.

As the old car finally pulls off the highway and onto the exit ramp for the rest stop, Jack lets out a shuddering breath. The air smells of exhaust fumes and freshly cut grass, and he can see the distant outline of a row of restrooms in the distance. It's almost within reach. Almost.

"Thanks, Tom," he whispers, his voice hoarse from strain. "I really appreciate it."

The old car comes to a stop at the entrance of the rest area, and Tom glances back at him again, concern etching deeper into his features. "You sure you're going to be okay to walk on your own? I can help you, if you need it."

Jack nods, his face burning red as he grips the handle above the car door. "No, I think I can make it. Just... just give me a second." He takes a deep breath, steadying himself as he prepares to open the door and face the world outside.

As he swings his legs out of the car and onto the pavement, the warm summer air brushes against his wet underwear, sending a shiver down his spine. He winces, feeling the weight of his full bladder pulling at his abdomen, but he refuses to give in. He can't let Tom see him like this.

Jack takes a tentative step forward, his gaze darting around the rest area. To his relief, it's mostly empty. A lone trucker sits in his cab, idly flipping through the radio stations, and a family of four sits on a nearby bench, laughing at something one of the kids has said. Jack forces himself to walk normally, trying to ignore the growing dampness in his pants.

He finally reaches the row of restrooms, his heart racing in his chest. The restroom doors are marked with familiar symbols: a man and a woman, a wheelchair, and a baby. He can't help but feel a pang of embarrassment as he realizes he has no choice but to use the men's room. He hesitates for a moment, debating whether he should try to use one of the other facilities, but he knows it would be pointless.

Jack gathers his courage and pushes open the door to the men's room, immediately overcome by the familiar smell of urine and disinfectant. The restroom is dimly lit, with only a few flickering fluorescent lights overhead. The walls are covered in graffiti and there's a line of urinals along one wall. He hurries over to one of them, his bladder feeling like it's about to burst.

He unzips his pants and leans forward, desperately trying to relieve some of the pressure. But before he can even begin, he feels a warm trickle running down his leg. His heart sinks as he realizes what's happening: his bladder has given out, and he's peed in his pants. The urine continues to flow, soaking through his boxer briefs and pooling around his feet.

