Planet of Desperation

Author: DerivativeWings

*000*2017-10-16 07:56

Preface:

A Sci-Fi epic may seem a little ambitious for my very first Omorashi story... However, I am reasonably confident in my ability to write non-Omorashi stuff, so maybe it will translate over?

Each chapter will have a number of fetish tags attached to them (Minor desperation, Major desperation, Peeing, ect). The first chapter will partly be used to set up the world this all takes place in, so I urge you to read that one even if it's fairly light on the fetish side of things. I don't mind if people point out spelling errors or the like. Language mistakes annoy me, so I'd like to fix them if I can.

This first part of the story will span four chapters and feature Leanore Turnstar, plucky protagonist. And so, without further ado, let's get this show on the road!

Chapter 1 - Enter Turnstar!

[Minor desperation]

Earth, 2041.

"Sixteen years ago, we humans learned we were not alone is the universe. The weather was obviously different all over earth when it happened, but, many accounts cite a particularly warm and bright summer day. It was June, after all. We never stood a chance.

It was sudden. The only thing separating the idyll of summer and the ominous spacecraft blanketing out the sun was the blink of an eye. Later, we came to understand that a complex set of instructions and demands were telepathically communicated to the leaders of the world. For your average person, however, the following days must have been completely incomprehensible.

For the first few minutes, the earth was simply shocked into silence. Then, with a frantic energy, we tried our hardest to understand what was going on. The news went mad, half-truths and conspiracy theories were peddled over the internet, and our leaders and influential figures raced to come out with an official statement. Two hours later, the nukes were fired.

In a desperate attempt, some madman military or chief of state lost to history launched several megatons worth of nuclear missiles against the alien spacecraft. This had, seemingly, no effect yet it started a conflict known as the four-day war. Indeed, it took only four days for all of human society to capitulate to the aliens. No, or at least very few lives were lost on either side.

Present day, our world has advanced at an incredible pace, thanks to alien technology. The aliens (we now know them as GOFD, or Milky Way Federation) shared some incredible technology, which has improved living conditions all over the globe. The Federation brought many societal changes as well, such as the school system becoming more geared towards sending students to work not only down on earth, but also getting them into positions with the GOFD. Not to mention the somewhat unusual toilet syst-... Are you listening, miss?"

The class turned to face Leanore Turnstar (Known as Lea to her friends). She snapped out of her daydream and mustered a slight uh-huh and gave her teacher a little nod. As soon as attention was directed away from her, she once again stared out the window, mindlessly observing the bluish falling leaves.

"So, as I was saying, the treaty between the humans and the Federation brought a number of laws and limitations we must follow. The strangest of which is probably the toilet directives. As you all know, all toilets are kept and maintained by the Federation, and you in this class are young enough that you don't even know what it was like before then, but..."

Lea knew most of this already. Four restrooms were available at school, two for males and two for females. Yet, instead of queuing up for these bathrooms, everyone was assigned designated break times during which they could enter the toilet. You simply pressed your hand against the door at the right time, and it would open. This was Lea's first class in "Recent History", and she was guessing that this was just them covering the very basics. After all, you'd pretty much have to be blind to not know this stuff.

"Hey, Lea..."

I mean, teaching a bunch of third-years about the toilet directives? They've lived with them their whole lives, that's really...

"Lea?"

She once again left her window, as someone softly called her from her right.

"What's up, Eri?" Lea's benchmate and friend, Erisa, always got a bit of a forehead wrinkle when she was fretting about something. Lea turned to face a pretty wrinkled forehead.

"Um... When's your next toilet break?" Erisa had kind of a pleading look to her, so Lea was pretty sure she knew where this was going.

"Got mine at 12:50, just after lunch. How so?"

"Do you think I can have yours?" Erisa was desperately trying to keep her voice down. "I got really unlucky with mine today, I really don't think I'll make it like this"

"Sure, no problem" At this, Erisa's face immediately shone up. "Just try to be more careful next time, if you end up relying on me for toilet breaks, that's sure to cause some trouble eventually." Perhaps surprisingly, people were free to swap or even give each other toilet breaks. Lea usually had no issues with the directive due to her rather generous bladder capacity, but she knew several girls who had.

"Thanks, I don't know what I'd do without you..." Erisa let out a rather nervous-sounding chuckle while gently fidgeting in her seat. Lea wasn't really how Erisa already had a need this early in the day, maybe she had managed to miss her allotted morning pee somehow?

*003*2017-10-16 18:15

The first two chapters are a little light on Omorashi material since I've got a whole sci-fi setting to set up. But I think that'll be fixed when chapter three comes around...

Chapter 2 - Wondrous and Mysterious. Urene!

[Minor desperation] [Omorashi-related science]

Second class of the day was Chemistry, and while Lea had barely been paying attention during Recent History, she was feeling pretty energized about this class. Since Erisa and Lea weren't going to this class together, they agreed to meet up at lunch.

A rather excited-looking Ms. Lee excitedly entered the classroom carrying some scientific-looking case, so the lesson already seemed miles ahead of the last one to Lea.

"What I just got my hands fed-side this morning is a small sample of the universe's most powerful known energy source in it's unrefined form!" Sarah Lee always tried to add a dash of drama to her lessons. "Behold!"

Inside the case rested a metal and glass container with a number of small yellowish crystals. A thin yellow mist encased the crystals, as if though they were emitting it. "Is that, Urene?" It was a shrill, excited voice belonging to a girl Lea didn't really know all that well.

"Please raise your hand before asking questions, Elsanova." The girl sank back into her chair, but couldn't hide a little anticipation.

"Even so, you were right. This is indeed a small sample of Urene crystals. Today, all human technology is powered by these, but we don't understand how they are made. The type-1 batteries you use at home, for instance, contains an even smaller amount of Urene" Sarah Lee went on with her opening lecture, drawing a cross-section of the battery and explaining it's components.

"The Federation are our only source of Urene, since each country are assigned a monthly allowance of the stuff. However, none of their regulations prevent us attempting to create our own, so that's what we're doing today!" Ms. Lee was absolutely beaming at this, and Lea couldn't help but share a little of her excitement. The arrival of the Federation had brought with it several new fields of chemistry, physics and even biology. It was Lea's dream to join the world's top scientists in humanity's newest frontier; space.

"Now, the greatest minds of our time has struggled with figuring out the manufacturing process of Urene, so the likelihood that we'll be able to do it now seems a little slim. But even so, I want you to try, and I want you to learn!" Ms. Lee started handing out chemistry sets, and pairing students into groups of two.

"...Yohn, Mintha..., Alex G, Derrik..., Elsanova, Leanore..." The class shuffled around until they all found their lab partners.

Ms Lee walked up to the table and turned to face the class. "So! I want one student from each group to come up and grab a crystal so you may get a proper feel for it. But be careful since-"

"Ohmygod! Is it dangerous?" Another of Lea's classmates, Ceel, shot up from her seat.

"Hands, please. I wouldn't say it's dangerous, per say. But to illustrate, have any of you students accidentally broken a Urene battery at any point?" Another student quickly raised her hand, a blonde one, Lea didn't know her name.

"And what happened when you did?" Sarah Lee asked. The blonde one started blushing, but didn't say anything.

Ms Lee explained for her. "Indeed, Urene has many wondrous and sometimes strange qualities, one of them being..."

Lea was perfectly aware of the effects of a broken Urene battery. Years ago, when she first became aware of the origins of the Urene battery and the mystery they posed to humankind, she instantly became insatiably curious. She spent about half an hour in her room picking one apart and tinkering with one before she started feeling her bladder fill up surprisingly fast. Since it wasn't too intense at that point, she figured she would keep picking at the battery until her toilet time, just an hour or so later. That ended rather badly for her.

"...and so, to prevent embarrassment we will remove these crystals from the container one at a time, and safely enter them into the examination capsules." Ms Lee demonstrated by flicking a switch on the metal part of the container, causing one of the crystals to fall out of an opening at the bottom. She then brought an examination capsule and pressed it against the crystal with great precision and skill, causing it to enter flawlessly.

"If you do it this way, you will only be exposed to faint Urene radiation. Even so, I want you give the person who's doing this a bit of space when you queue up, so as to avoid unnecessary exposure."

"So, do you wanna do it, or should I? I've got a toilet just after lunch, so I don't really mind." The sound of Elsanova's voice caused Lea to turn.

"I'll do it!" Lea confidently exclaimed. "I've been wanting to handle one of these babies for years, and you can't get them unprocessed from anywhere unless you've got special grants."

"I see. I'm glad I've got such a a psyched lab partner." Elsanova was smiling warmly. Lea didn't exactly know the girl, they'd spoken a few times, but she couldn't help but give her a smile back.

Lea queued up behind a few other students. When it was her turn, she carefully flipped the switch, letting the crystal out onto her sanitized lab-gloves. For a moment, she couldn't help but be mesmerized by the yellow shard. Up close, it was quite beautiful. In addition, it represented such a great wondrous mystery to humanity. Indeed-

"Lea, you can observed the crystal after it has entered the examination capsule." Ms. Lee's voice, coming from the other side of the table, sounded a little strained.

"Ah, sure I-" Lea quickly pressed the crystal against the gum-like texture of the capsule. It entered, not quite as effortlessly as Sarah's had, but it entered.

Quickly as to not embarrass herself further, she took the capsule containing the crystal back to Elsanova.

After all the stundents had returned to their seats (There was a bit of a commotion as the second-to-last girl to get her crystal accidentally dropped it on the floor) Ms. Lee spoke up again. "This assignment is done in two parts. First, examine your group's crystal and document your findings. Then, every group has recieved a paper. It contains a very simplified version of a paper on attempts to create Urene by Stromback-Acker. Use them to try to create your own."

Lea couldn't help but notice how Ms. Lee was gently fidgeting as she was explaining this. Lea was starting to feel a very slight twinge herself, and she wistfully wondered if it came as a result of the crystals, or simply her breakfast getting processed into her body.

When it became time to examine the crystals, Lea inserted the capsule into the examination equipment and started fiddling with various levers and latches to turn and zoom in on the crystal. Elsanova was attentively taking notes and occasionally suggesting a turn of this, or a focus on that. They were quite the efficient team.

After about twenty minutes of that, the girls went over the crystal cultivation instructions a few times and got to work. They were to prepare an environment suitable for proto-Urene cultivation and then kickstart it with the small Urene sample they'd been given as well as a given collection of nutrients and minerals.

Lea knew that their chances of producing honest-to-goodness Urene were pretty much zero. These experiments had been done in the past, by individuals way smarter than her or Elsanova, and with cutting-edge equipment. Still, she couldn't help but feel her excitement well up inside her as Elsanova let three drops of the clear liquid solution they prepared fall onto the Urene crystal, causing it to melt into a puddle.

Ms. Lee spoke up as she made her way through the classroom, checking each pair as she went. "You will be graded as a pair, based in part on your documentation of both assignments, as well as your crystal cultivation when that finishes next week. Please place your cultivation beakers onto your shelves when you're finish-ah finished."

Lea felt a little bad. Ms. Lee clearly had to pee, possibly as a result of Lea's previous carelessness when she handled the Urene crystals. She hoped Sarah would get to have her toilet time sooner rather than later.

When it came time to clean up, Ms. Lee, who at this point was grinding her legs together, excused herself and left the room before the students even had time to clean up their tables. Lea hoped, for Sarah's sake, that she had a proper toilet time and wasn't headed to the nearby public toilet. Since it was lunchtime, the public toilet would be crowded, and the queues would probably prevent Sarah from having any time for lunch.

Elsanova snapped her out of her musings. "So, pretty fun class, huh? I'm impressed she managed to get her hands on actual Urene."

Lea kept the conversation up while removing the equipment from their bench. "Yeah, seems like we'll get a good grade too, unless the crystals explode."

Elsanova let out a rather chirpy little laugh. "Yeah, well, see you next week in chem, anyway. I gotta go catch my toilet time before lunch so something else doesn't end up exploding."

Lea and Elsanova went their separate ways, with Lea heading towards the cafeteria and the other girl heading towards one of the restrooms. Elsanova's remark reminded her of Erisa, who she was supposed to meet up with at lunch. She hoped Eri wouldn't be too desperate by now, since there was still about an hour left before her toilet time. She once again felt an annoying twinge in her bladder, stronger than before but still very much manageable.

*005*2017-10-16 18:40

{{8 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

This is getting so good

}}

I'm glad to hear you think so! Since chapter one was mostly exposition (and a little short) I was a little worried no-one would comment or anything, because I'd feel a little silly posting chapter 1 and 2 with no comment inbetween :P

However, now we're getting more into the meat of things I feel. Chapter 3 should be ready tomorrow, or the day after if something ends up getting in the way for me.

*015*2017-10-17 07:01

{{8 hours ago, Rinatro said:

This is honestly great. Instantly followed. Can't wait to see where this goes

}}

Believe it or not, your zombie-survival interactive from a while back is actually a big part of what inspired me to start writing this story in the first place. Essentially, your interactive made me want to create an Omorashi-world instead of just a Omorashi-story, if that makes any sense at all.

So yeah, I'm pretty happy to hear you like my writing.

*016*2017-10-17 19:22

The next chapter might take a little longer; I have some exams coming up, and some plot details for chapter 4 are not fully planned yet. Even so, here's:

Chapter 3 - A writhing tangle and a quivering ball

[Major desperation] [Free peeing] [Wetting]

Later, Lea was sitting at the lunch table, chatting away with two of her friends. Erisa was there, as well as dark-skinned Meranda, a childhood friend of theirs.

Or, well, they had been chatting away, but the situation was getting a little awkward. The food was stifling the conversation somewhat, but more importantly, Erisa...

"So, yeah... I-Ah! ah was trying to get some ice for Nngh..." A subtle bang from under the table as her knees shot together. "...for his head b-but he kept squir-nngh Squirming! around..." A few nearby heads turned as Erisa raised her voice, presumably unintentionally.

When everyone around had lost interest and went back to eating, Meranda spoke up. "Um, it's fine if you do what you gotta do to hold it, girl. No-one's gonna judge, you don't gotta pretend you're fine if you're not."

"It'sFineI'mFineDon'tWorry" Suddenly, Erisa raised her glass of Raspberry-flavored soft drink with her right hand and as if to prove herself, she started chugging it like a crazy person. Her left hand was awkwardly situated beside her abdomen and seemed to be shakily edging closer to her legs.

Lea tried her best to salvage the situation (as well as Erisa's bladder) "Er, Eri, it really is fine t-"

"AH!"

Suddenly, Erisa's face went beet red and her torso started shaking gently. Her legs were separated and her arms were absolutely still at her sides. For four seconds, no-one dared to move and Lea expected a gentle hiss and drip to start at any time now.

*pssh!*

As if time had been stopped and then sped up to compensate, a flurry of motion suddenly burst from Erisa's slight frame. Her hands quickly slammed into her panties with the force of a car magnet (Her now mostly empty glass fell to the floor and rolled somewhere away from the action). When her hands had seemingly fused with her crotch, her legs wrapped around themselves several times over, as if to create the cutting edge in Desperate-Girl Leak-Proof Seal.

Lea decided to take charge of the situation before it went out of hand. She quickly downed her drink and finished her food in record time. "So, it just occurred to me that Eri and I have to be somewhere. In fact, I think we're leaving right now." She gave Meranda a bit of a wink to tip her off to her intentions.

Meranda gave her a toothy white grin. "Well, get on your merry way then. I'll see the two of you later, then! I'll get your plates when I leave, don't want to keep you from 'somewhere'" She seemed to have gotten the message.

Lea awkwardly led Erisa's shivering form away from the cafeteria into the relatively more secluded hallway. In the relative privacy of this place, Erisa was not even trying to pretend she didn't have to go anymore. "Gotta.. Mpfh.. Ah.. Gotta peee... It's so full..!"

Lea quickly considered her options. Her toilet time was scheduled for 12:50, which was still a little less than half an hour from the current time, 12:26. Looking at Erisa, that seemed like a very long time indeed. The public toilets were a complete no-go; the wait for those were without a doubt going to be much, much longer than twenty-five minutes at this time of the day. Heck, just getting to the closest one would probably take a while with Erisa's state of body. That left one option; peeing outside. This would be quickest, and might be the only chance of sparing Erisa's panties. There was just one big drawback to it: it was flagrantly illegal. Even so, when Lea looked upon her friend, a writhing tangle of limbs covering a quivering ball of urine, it seemed like their best option.

Gently, she started leading Erisa down the hallway while giving her words of encouragement. Thankfully, it was mostly empty at this time of day, the younger students were eating, and the older ones had classes. Erisa was so focused on keeping herself dry that she hardly seemed to notice where they were going at all.

Getting though the hallway and away from the main school yard area took much longer than Lea expected. Not only was Erisa now moving at the speed of pee-filled molasses, she frequently had to stop and curtsey and once, sit on her heel to press it directly under her skirt.

Lea knew a few good pee spots in the area (What, every girl in this day and age has done it at some point..!), and after a quick calculation, she opted for the bushes behind the A-building; they were closest and Lea preferred to relieve her friend of her pain ASAP.

When they were just making it to the corner, Erisa stopped to curtsey again. She blushed as she spoke. "U-um, go check so no-one's there..."

Hearing this, Lea turned the corner and looked around. No-one. She turned to face the space between the nearest to bushes, but was met with an unbelievable sight.

First, she was met with a pair of shuffling and frantic legs. Then, suddenly: Butt. And not just any butt, but a lovely one at that. Round, but firm. The motion of quickly going into a squat seemed had left it subtly jiggling. White panties were hanging off the left leg. Lea's brain could not compute what was happening fast enough. She spoke. "Bu-but wha-"

Reacting to the noise, the squatting girl turned, her face the color of a tomato. It was Ceel, Lea's classmate. "I-" She seemed to be about to speak up, but before she could, a thundering noise hit the ground. Yellow liquid was splattering on the ground with an unbelievable force. The stream was so great, it tore off the top layer of turn; as if Ceel was digging a hole with her pee.

Ceel's entire body tensed up. Her buttcheeks seemed to suck in against her bones. Once again, she attempted to speak. "I-I, didn't get my late toilet yesterday or my morning toilet and that's fine but then I dropped the crystals on the floor and I drank so much and I was filling up so fast and I couldn't hold it and I didn't know what to-"

*Psssssssssss!*

While she was doing her best to keep herself shut, Ceel's body was having none of that. Once again her bladder released waterfall-like quantities with the pressure of a water jet cutter. She couldn't help but loudly moan in relief. "P-please don't tell on me. It was just not possible, I swear."

Lea said nothing in response, instead she ran back around the corner with the speed an oiled lightning bolt; if Erisa saw that it'd spell her immediate, pee-based doom. "So.. Um- actually, there was a person- there andWeCan't goThereBecauseWe'dBeSeen andAlsoIt'sIllegal."

Erisa was giving her puppy dog eyes. "Bu-Ah, Gonna... Going t-ah Haah! wet myself! Did-didn't.. to-toilet! this morning and now..." She clutched herself extra hard. "C-can't hold it...!"

Lea checked her wrist for the time and brought out her riskiest gambit yet. "Let's go back to the toilet, toilet time is in less than ten minutes! I know it seems impossible now but you can make it. Just ten minutes!" That last bit was total fabrication. Lea's toilet time was still thirteen minutes away, so 'less than ten minutes' was optimistic in the extreme.

"L-less than ten..!" Erisa slowly raised her head to face her, and it seemed as though a though a faint glimmer of hope shone through her lightly tear-stained eyes. Lea nodded and tried to put on the most convincing, understanding smile she had. It probably came out a little forced, but Erisa didn't seem to notice. If Erisa wet herself because of this, Lea would feel bad but that'd have to come later.

When on their way back, Erisa seemed to have regained her composure somewhat. She wasn't holding herself any longer, instead she was walking straight-legged and straight-armed with the most stiff posture Lea had ever seen. Perhaps knowing that she'd be able to pee in a toilet soon had a positive psychological effect on Erisa.

However, Lea couldn't shake the impression that the girl's faux-confidence was like that of a student showing up to a test after not getting any studying in; pretending that everything was going to be okay, even though they knew with every fiber of themselves that it wasn't.

Lea opted to take Erisa to the B-building's toilet; it was a little further away than the one in the A-building, but there would be a lot less people walking by right now. If Erisa ended up getting an audience when she needed to hold herself, it could spell disaster.

When they reached the B-building's toilet, Erisa sped up a little, getting her to the toilet before Lea. She turned to Lea, still trying to put on a brave face and failing miserably. "H-how long..!"

Lea checked her wrist. She'd known this moment would determine the fate of Erisa's panties. "...Seven minutes"

Erisa looked like a deer caught in the headlights. Her knees buckled together slightly, her hand clenched, then unclenched. It was as though she had been expection those magical words, "Now". It was as though she had been expection to get away without grabbing herself, but now that she had to wait her entire body knew grabbing was the only way out of an accident.

Lea tried to snap her out of it. "Eri! You gotta hold yourself, come, comeon it'll be hard but you can do it I know it!" Lea noticed there was a hint of despair to her own voice. She prayed Erisa wouldn't notice this.

It seemed to work, however. Erisa froze for a fraction of a second, then every part of her body seemed to be moving. Finally, she seemed to reach a holding position that was going to keep her dry. Lea realized she had kept her breath ever since she last spoke, and let out a sigh of relief at this.

Two minutes left. Lea was very happy no-one had walked past them in the hallway, as Erisa would have been giving them quite the show. Desperate girls were a daily fact of life, but Erisa seemed to have forgotten the rest of the world even existed, she was so focused on her hold. Her fingers had found their way past her panties, directly plugging herself against the flow. A least she was facing the wall, preserving what little of her modesty she had left.

*Pssht*

"Ah! Lea...! Lea!" At this, Lea tensed. Quickly, she moved close to her friend. She had been facing the other way to give Erisa the privacy to do what needed to be done, but this was an emergency.

"Ah! It's, it's coming...! I..!" Lea noticed a few drops running down the white wall, where Erisa had given them a surprise shower. More alarmingly she noticed a thin stream of liquid running down her friend's pale leg.

"Ah... Hah..! A-at least if I-I-Ah! do it this w-way it won't be in ma-mah pantie-ah!" There was more than a slight hint of panic to Erisa's voice. Lea was starting to panic herself, the toilet was so close but-

*Pssht*

Screw it. This, right now, was not the time for any sort of indecision. Lea gently steered Erisa towards the bathroom door. When Erisa was just in front of the door, with Lea just behind her, she decisively raised her hand towards the symbol to open it. She hadn't checked her wrist yet. She knew that if the door didn't open, this would be it. Whispering a quite prayer to various gods she could remember, she pressed.

The door opened.

Giving Erisa an incredibly gentle forward shove into the bathroom, she spoke the words Erisa had been waiting for all this time. "Go."

As Erisa entered the room, Lea was once again relieved that the hallway was empty. Erisa had bunched her skirt up to her stomach, and her damp panties were giving her a wedgie; anyone behind her would get a near-full view of her butt and privates. Lea blushed, and turned her face away as the door closed automatically.

*023*2017-10-19 13:08

{{11 hours ago, phoenix80803 said:

Any timeframe for the next chapter?

}}

Can't say for sure, but I suspect it'll be out by this weekend.

*024*2017-10-20 22:08

A magical gnome helped me rewrite the hard parts of this chapter, so it's out a little earlier than expected.

While this chapter includes some minor desperation of the other kind, this series will not feature messing in any significant form. I have no qualms about writing about that type of stuff, but it's just not a big part of this story.

Chapter 4 - Experiments: Day negative one

[Minor poo desperation] [Major desperation] [Free peeing]

Erisa's face when she got out of the bathroom was pretty incredible, but after that Lea's day ended up being kind of a slog. Her classes after lunch were really, really dull. Then, she had missed this during Recent History apparently, they had gotten an assignment she had to finish. 'Write an essay about an important event relating to relationship between Earth and the Federation during the early 2030s'. Lea cobbled together a text about the Northern Russia transaction, which ate up all of her time before dinner and more.

"Urgh... Freakin' history. Who gives an assignment like this for their first class!?" Finished with her text, Lea sank into the beanbag in her room. Her bladder was sending her some rather angry signals at this point; she hadn't peed since morning. She checked her wrist for her next toilet time.

21:36

"Dangit, does the algorithm hate me or something?" She cursed inwardly. While she wasn't going to have too much trouble holding it for two more hours, she had hoped she could take a pee soon, and then go to bed early. The adventure with Erisa had been nerve-wracking, and Lea was pretty darn tired.

Besides, 7:47, 12:50 and 21:36? Seriously? Aren't you supposed to get a fourth time certain days to prevent them from being too spaced apart? Nine hours isn't too spaced apart?

Lea opted to just stay in her comfy fluffsack and read a book while she waited. Without looking, she grabbed the one lying on the table. 'Relic Hunter'. Good, that was the one she was reading right now. She felt herself sinking deeper into the beanbag as she flipped to the right page. After a while, the book started feeling very heavy in her hands. She vaguely registered the lights in her room automatically dimming and eventually going out.

Lea was in a queue for a public toilet, the one near the harbor. She was first in queue. Behind her, a huge line of desperate girls and women. They were grabbing themselves, wiggling, massaging their bladders, doing everything to hold it in. But Lea needn't resort to such things. Her bladder was the fullest of anyone here, but it was a fortress of cast iron. She stood proud, maintaining good posture. It felt great.

A cloaked figure exited the bathroom. The public toilet would wait 30 seconds before letting the next person in, but after that it was gonna be Lea.

The girl behind her, a redhead who seemed a little younger than Lea was digging her jeans into her skin with her hands. "P-Please hurry...! I-I can't.." The girl was wearing some rather strange jewelry: earrings and a necklace made from whole crystals.

Lea didn't answer. When the hand symbol next to the bathroom door turned green, she pressed it, then leisurely entered the tube-like building. The inside of the toilet was very clean and smelled nice, as it always did.

Lea bent down and removed her teal panties, exposing her butt. She sat down on the toilet, but didn't pee yet. Her bladder certainly protested, but it felt like she'd be able to hold it forever.

She adopted an evil grin as she squeezed the panties together, opening her hand to reveal they had shifted into a small monitor. Memory-fibers were very useful.

She suspended the monitor in the air in front of her and went to work. Normally, the a toilet (public or not) would kick you out if it detected you weren't using it for more than five minutes. Lea quickly disabled that function. As she assumed total control of the federation-built bathroom, she set the walls to one-way transparency. Now, she could see everything happening outside, but no-one could see in.

"A-ah..! Why is she taking so long.." The woman third in queue was shivering as she said this. She was wearing very fashionable clothes, a red vest over a print tee. Her bladder bulge was jutting out of her shirt and jeans, exposing just a little bit of midriff. Lea checked her monitor. It read: "964 ml".

"I-I can't take this anymore! I-It's impossible, I'm going to explode!" For some reason, Ceel was in the queue, too. She squatted down right in the middle of the queue, exposing her quivering, shaved pee-hole. With Ceel's slightly spread legs, it was possible to see her impossibly distended bladder from Lea's position. "1840 ml"

The splattering, hissing sound of pressurized liquid hitting concrete filled the air. Ceel moaned unabashedly. For the desperate line, that was the last straw. Some of the women simply wet themselves on the spot, or started leaking uncontrollably. Others quickly squatted and yanked their panties off to save the garments.

The only dry girl remaining was the redhead in front. Her bladder bulged out despite her tight jeans. It seemed rock-hard. She started frantically knocking on the door. "C-come ou-ah! of there...! I'm so full..!" Before Lea's very eyes, the redhead's bladder seemed to expand. The girl kept hitting the door with one hand, while manically trying to unbutton her jeans with the other. Lea's monitor started displaying numbers.

"797 ml", "846 ml", "896 ml", "950 ml".

The girl was still hitting the door as hard as she could.

Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang Bang...

Pang Pang Pang Pang Pang Pang Pang...

Lea awoke rudely to the vicious pounding of her rock-solid bladder. She immediately grabbed herself. When she felt certain she her bladder was back under her control, she relaxed by just a little bit. She checked her morning toilet time.

7:57.

Not too bad. Her body was aching for a toilet at this point, but she'd wait another thirty minutes no problem. Lazily, she got out of her beanbag and started heading towards the shower. The rest of the house was waking up alongside her; lights turned on as she walked though the hallway and she heard her sister shuffling out of her bed.

She threw what she was wearing in the dirty-clothes bin, and set her teal panties aside at the panty-rack. To avoid wetting herself, she made sure the water was hot before she stepped into the shower.

The slightly soapy hot water felt heavenly running down her moderately tone frame. The sound, however was a challenge. It was regrettable, but she couldn't really relax like this. Having an accident was one thing, but not in the shower. Never, ever, in the shower. She repeatedly had to raise her left knee to squeeze herself whenever she got a little too relaxed. The running water made her need attack her in waves.

Eventually, this got too uncomfortable. She quickly switched to pure water and grabbed a towel to dry herself. She checked her panties on the rack and, satisfied that they had finished cleaning themselves, wrapped the towel around herself and headed back to her room to pick out some clothes.

When she was finished with this, Lea went down the stairs to and headed into the kitchen. She found her little sister at the table, glued to her chair and staring awkwardly at her food. "G'mornin' Dot, seen mom today?"

"U-um.. she left for work already." Dorothene Turnstar had a pretty stiff posture to her this morning, and she still wasn't touching her food.

Lea ignored it and started making breakfast for herself, rummaging through the kitchen shelves as she kept her legs locked together. "So, what were you playing yesterday? A new o-"

*Pfrrt*

A fairly unappealing odor wafted through the air, offending Lea's nostrils. She looked judgingly upon her sister. After an awkward, quiet pair of seconds, Dorothene defended herself. "I-I can't help it! I was holding it in all night and now there's so much pressure I can hardly stand it!"

Lea kept her judging gaze upon her sister. "And you didn't need to go yesterday evening?"

Lea's bread popped out of the toaster. Dorothene winced and put her hands under her butt. She protested:"I-I... It was a bad toilet time! I couldn't go then!"

Lea sighed in defeat. Her sister had a tendency to get distracted by what she was doing and miss her toilet times. Finding her at home, playing videogames with one hand and holding herself with the other was not at all uncommon. She set her breakfast on the table and started eating.

It was a strange sight, the two sisters sitting at the table in the morning. Dorothene wasn't eating, instead she cupped her clenched butt while red-faced and sweating. Lea was faring a little better, but not by much at this point. While drinking, she banged her legs together and wrapped them around each other under the table.

Every once in a while, one of the girls would check their wrists hopefully. Dorothene was the first to move from her seat. A quick glance at the wrist, and she was off towards the bathroom, holding her bottom.

Lea got a very strange feeling. She followed her sister to the toilet. From inside, she could hear a muffled "pffrt", "plop" and moan (The residential toilets are not completely sound-proof, unlike the others). She double checked the current time to confirm her fears.

7:57

Lea's bladder pulsed. This wasn't supposed to happen. She and Dot lived in the same house, the algorithm was supposed to make sure they wouldn't get morning toilet times this close together. You were given a little bit of flexibility with your toilet times; you were still let in if you were one or two minutes late. She doubted Dorothene would be finished quickly enough, though.

She considered her options, then headed outside. It was still early, and people were getting their morning pees around now. The public toilets should not be very crowded. Lea headed for the one closest to her home in a hurry.

Lea couldn't believe her eyes. It didn't make sense. None of this made sense. The line was about twenty annoyed-looking women and girls long. Twenty women was at least a half hour wait, maybe more. She'd be late for school. And while she had been keeping dry so far, she had assumed she'd get to pee very soon ever since she woke up. Her bladder was reaching it's limit, her muscles tiring. Maybe she could sneak a pee outside somewhere?

However, before Lea was able to make a decision, Erisa exited the bathroom, saw her, then walked up to greet her. "Good morning! Are you on your way to school?"

Lea gave her friend a strange look, then glanced toward the queue. "Oh! Yes, it seems some construction has been interfering with the residential toilets of a few buildings in this area since yesterday. I made sure to wake up early so I could make my morning pee today..."

Lea was constructing a plan while on her way to the school with Erisa. She didn't want to admit she was going to find a secluded spot and pee in the open to her friend, not after Erisa's incredible determination yesterday. However, they did not start the day in the same class; Lea could sneak off and pee in the bushes when they separated.

When they made it to the school area, Lea was at the brink. It felt as though the contents of her bladder was a millimeter away from her quivering girlhood. In front of Erisa, she didn't want to outwardly express her extreme urgency, which made her hold even harder to maintain.

As they walked past the school gates, Lea scanned the area for a private location. To her dismay, it seemed like the place was unusually bustling and full of people. When they reached the intersection between A- and B-building, Lea readied herself to make a run for the bushes behind the former, the place Ceel had peed at yesterday.

"Where are you going?" At this, Lea's body tensed up. It wasn't part of her plan. "I-I.. The first class of the day. We're i-in different buildings..?"

"Nope! New schedule since we have Recent History now, remember?" Erisa grabbed Lea's hand and dragged her along towards B-Building.

Lea was wracking her mind. Thrice now, her plans had been foiled at the last possible second. A horrible revelation hit her. She was running out of time. She was running out options. If she followed Erisa to class, she would pee herself before class ended, 100%. She couldn't think of a good excuse to go back outside, and she wasn't even sure she'd make it at this point, anyway.

As they reached the chemistry lab, she suddenly thought of something that might save both her dignity, and her panties. "Umm, ah- actually, Ms. Lee asked me to go check on my-mine and Elsanova's Crystallarium. I'll see you later in class." She let go of Erisa's hand and hurried into the lab.

When inside, she finally had the privacy required to properly hold herself. She quickly opened the cupboard closest to herself with her free hand, revealing sets of large beakers; the same type as the ones used for crystal growth. While making the necessary preparations, her bladder felt like a ticking time bomb. She wasn't sure she even had ten seconds.

Raising her skirt, moving the front of her still-dry panties to the side, positioning the beaker between her lower lips.

And then, she started peeing. It wasn't Ceel's laser-like fire hose. It wasn't Erisa's spurting and leaking. Lea's pee was extremely controlled, in fact, she was practically still holding; only letting the liquid out as fast as she absolutely had to. Still, she couldn't help but let out some stifled squeals and moans. It felt wonderful to finally let go.

When the beaker was about three fourths full, she stopped. She still wasn't finished with her pee, but it was much more manageable now. She took some time to examine the results of her desperate solution. Flipping the beaker revealed a grave error on her part. The label read "Ceel and Fannya"

Lea was horrified. She had ruined another group's science project! In her desperation, she had missed the transparent crystals growing on the inner surface of the beaker. But before she had any time to dwell on this, she observed the strangest thing.

The amount of liquid in the beaker seemed to decrease in volume and color. The urine became clearer until it resembled water with a light yellow tint. Then, the clear crystals in the beaker changed. Their surface cracked and got a discoloration, like rust. The crystals then shedded their coat revealing the new form beneath.

Yellow crystals. Urene.

End of Planet of Desperation, part 1.

An update where I explain the future of this series will be posted tomorrow. It seems something else is about to happen, too.

