Arthur: the house-seller

Author: desperate87

*000*2023-07-20 18:49

HELLO!! I wrote a story about a very desperate male house seller,even with the help of AI. I hope you enjoy....please let me know what you think( It's important for me)

( i was also thinking of writing a story about a tentacle alien with a wetting passion( maybe also messing).

I hope you enjoy reading.

ARTHUR: THE HOUSE-SELLER

At 35, the years have been kind to Arthur. With coal black hair, piercing blue eyes and a finely chiseled jawline, he looks like he stepped out of a magazine.

His class and charm were impeccable, and he was always dressed to perfection. He never failed to make an indelible impression on all those who crossed his path. With his suave mannerisms, he knew how to sweep someone off their feet.

Arthur was a well-known philanthropist who was always looking for ways to help the less fortunate. His charm was not only skin deep and his heart of gold made him even more attractive. He was gracious and kind, and his beauty radiated from within.

He was a gentleman in every sense of the word, with a regal air that left all who met him breathless. Arthur was pure, refined, and stunningly gorgeous; a perfect gentleman who stole the hearts of many. Arthur is a house- seller, he had been selling houses for a decade. He had seen the real estate market go through its ups and downs, but he had always managed to survive. Each house was special to him—he wanted to make sure that it was sold to the right people who would treat it with respect and love. That day Arthur checked himself in the mirror one last time. He was dressed in his best work suit, a light beige which gave him a professional look. His beige trousers hung low and were complemented by a red and white stripped dress shirt, and a light red underpants that sneakily peaked out from beneath his shirt. Only he knew that the two-tone suit was more than just for show.

Arthur had heard from a mutual friend that there was a young couple who had expressed interest in buying a house. He was both excited and anxious about the meeting as he had heard that they were a gay couple both in their early twentie: john and peter. They were looking for a house to buy, and Arthur was happy to help them out.

As they chatted, Arthur was surprised to find out that the couple wanted the house to use as a club for something called 'omorashi.' He had never heard of it before, and wasn't sure what it was. He was too polite to ask, but the couple could tell that Arthur was curious.When they met Arthur, they noticed he was a bit reserved. John and peter had a plan to try to figure out if he liked omorashi. They decided to make some trick jokes about holding one's pee, without saying omorashi.

John started off by saying, 'It's hard to hold your pee sometimes, isn't it? I could never do it for more than an hour!'

Peter followed up with, 'I always get an urge to go every time I drink a cup of coffee. How about you, Arthur?'

Arthur smiled and replied, 'It's easier for me to hold it. I can usually make it for a couple of hours or more.'

John and Jack exchanged a look, and John said, 'That's impressive. I'm sure you're a real pro at it!'

Arthur chuckled. 'Well, I've had a lot of practice,' he said.

By this point, John and Jack were almost sure that Arthur liked omorashi. peter and john were both taken aback by his beige trousers - they were so perfect they could have been tailored to fit him.

The couple couldn't help but wonder what it would be like to see Arthur wet himself while wearing those trousers.John and Peter had a plan. They wanted Arthur, the house seller, to drink a lot of orange juice, so they offered to take him out for breakfast at a nearby bar. Arthur was happy to accept their offer and the three of them went to the bar.

Once there, John and Peter ordered a big breakfast with a lot of orange juice for Arthur. Arthur was very pleased and he drank the juice without any suspicion. Peter and John then introduced Arthur to some of their friends, who offered Arthur even more orange juice.

Arthur was completely unaware of the fact that he had already drank more than 1.5 liters of orange juice. He was too busy enjoying the company and the conversation. John and Peter were happy with the success of their plan. He left the bar without using the toilet and he knews that as a seller it wasn't professional to use the restroom while on the job. Arthur had been a house seller for over 5 years. He prided himself on being able to show potential buyers the best of what a property had to offer. But there was one thing he never did: use the toilet while on the job. He knew that something as small as a flush could be enough to disturb potential buyers and put them off a purchase. He also knew that if you weren't careful when using the toilet, you could create a mess and leave a bad impression.

But most of all, he knew that the toilet was a private space and using it while on the job could give buyers the wrong impression. After all, it was his job to make the property look perfect and inviting.

Arthur drives John and Peter to see the first apartment, It took them around 40 minutes of driving,When they arrived, the three of them spent the next 30 minutes walking around the apartment complex, Arthur explaining in detail why this particular pad could be perfect for the both of them. Unfortunately, neither John nor Peter seemed particularly taken with the idea.

The longer they stayed, the more convinced Arthur was that this was not the right place for his clients. Feeling a little dejected, he thanked the two of them for their time and moved on to the next listing on his list of potential homes for sale. Arthur drove for 25 intense minutes,but he couldn't help feeling uneasy, particularly as he noticed a growing sensation in his lower abdomen.

@@and for the first time in that entire journey, he thought to himself, 'I have to pee.' But Arthur knew he had to focus on the task at hand, so he fought against the urge. The urge to pee was small, but he could no longer take it off and felt like his bladder was getting bigger. " Oh....i start to have a little need to pee....it will be a long day, let's start to hold." he thought to himself.

After 10 minutes, He arrived at the destination and began walking up the stairs to the second apartment he had to show. With each step, he felt an overwhelming urge to relieve himself. 'Come on Arthur, you can do it,.........hmmm. i start to feel a very need to pee but i can hold" he told himself.

At last, the door was opened and he showed the potential buyers around. Somehow, he managed to keep up a professional demeanor, even as the urge to pee kept growing. Arthur felt his bladder filling up as he showed the apartment to John and Peter. He tried to focus on the details of the prospective apartment, but as he took the couple around to view the kitchen, living room, and balcony, he couldn't help but feel the urgent pressure of needing to find a restroom.Arthur the house seller tried to stay calm. He had been showing the potential buyers around the apartment moving from room to room, and he knew he couldn't let on that he needed to pee, also because the toilet in the apartment is not working

The buyers had seen pretty much everything they needed to by now, but he was expected to be the perfect seller and guide them through every nook and cranny of the place. He forced a smile as they asked questions and tried not to hold his hands too tightly around his waist, desperate to relieve some of the pressure.

But the need to pee was getting stronger. He began to talk more rapidly, his sentences rushed and jumbled, in an effort to speed things along and get out of the apartment soon. His back started to ache. Suddenly, Arthur was aware of sweat dotting his forehead, and he quickly made an excuse about being too warm and went over to one of the windows, trying to keep his back from showing, and opened it. Arthur tried to remain composed as he stood in the middle of the living room. His bladder was so full it was as if he had drunk a gallon of water! He had been working with this client for some time, and there was no way he could leave the room to relieve himself. He was starting to sweat and it didn't help that the client was looking closely at every detail.

@@He crossed his legs and shifted his stance, hoping the client wouldn't take notice. But the bulging of his stomach was becoming hard to hide. Sweat beads ran down his forehead and he tucked his chin towards his collar, attempting to hide his face from the client. " come on......oh my god....how i need to pee......maybe i drank too much at breakfast and now i really need to pee... i mustn't think at this. but....ahh....... i really have to pee.........how much is long this tour of the house.....why they don't buy immediately the house........ i mustn't say they how i have pee, i feel my bladder so full.....please....i want go away and run to a bathroom.." he was thinking with a a very worried face. Arthur was starting to have the feeling of a very full bladder and he tried to cover, but it was starting to be very difficult because his pressure was getting much highier every second that passed and john and peter was looking every singol detail of the apartment. Arthur starts to fidget his finger and was also moving one leg. John and peter start to notice how fidgety he was getting.

" is everything okay, arthur??" peter asked.

Arthur shufted his weight from foot to foot and grimaced " Uh yeah, i'm fine" he said thorugh gritted teeth.

"john looked ah him suspiciously " You look like you really need to pee"

N-no... i just have to....um...check something" arthur stuttered, his face turning red with embarrassment.

"Are you sure?" asked peter "maybe you want to go to the bar to use the toilet? But this house is really beautiful and we would like to know everything about the apartment. Maybe you can hold your pee a little longer, you said earlier that you are used to these situations and we have noticed it. You will know better than us that the longer it holds, the more beautiful it is to piss. Take it as a challenge, hold it up until you can and well..... we have lost many times and we have many experiences to tell, but watch these videos".

@@john and peter show arthur a video of them peeing in their pants. Arthur is shocked for the passion of his costumer and also because they understood how he have to pee., but John tells him "We like this, but we dare you because we know you can hold your pee. Besides, this house is so beautiful that it would be a shame not to buy it. Don't worry, we won't tell anyone, you are a good seller who meets the passions of his customers"

Arthur was shocked but He remembered that his clients, John and Peter, had mentioned they liked omorashi, and now he understand what it is. But He felt a strange sense of pleasure in the sensation of pressure building in his bladder and he and was less embarrassed knowing of the passion of the two customers and had to sell this house.

" ehm...no don't worry. I can hold, i m 35" he just says, but then he think to himself

"ohh..why I refused to go to the bar??......but it's true that I like this feeling and then peeing after holding back.....well....at least they understand and besides they've already peed on several times. come on arthur.......you have to hold on... for a while and then...ah.....don't think about it......how long do I have to piss...."

" Good..." Say peter " let us see the balcony.

As they're reaching the balcony arthur sees the bathroom with the toilet he can't use. he thinks how nice it would be to use it and thinking about it, his pee runs even more- his desperate face does not escape john and peter. Arthur now was starting really to fidget and was becoming very difficult to speak for him. He had never needed to pee so much in his life and felt his bladder completely full. The situation was getting complicated, but he kept pretending that everything was fine, even though he was really desperate and he wasn't so sure anymore how much longer he would be able to hold his bladder. The worst thing though was that john and peter still seemed to have it for a long time.He had to concentrate to keep from squirming and he could feel the pressure building in his bladder. Arthur knew he had to hide the fact that he really had to pee.

@@He was struggling to stay still and as he showed them around, he started to bounce on the balls of his feet, desperately trying to cover his discomfort. But the needing was becoming too strong and he start to look really desperate. His breath became more fast and his legs was moving. He start to bounce and even if he want to be alone john and peter continue to follow him. It was passed 3 hours from the breakfast and now his bladder was very full and he start to have afraid. He had never wet himself in his life and he doesn't want to pee himself now , but he start to feel something strange in his bladder.He desperately tried to suppress the urge but the feeling kept getting worse. His bladder was already tense and swollen, and it was starting to spasm with each step he took. The sensation was uncomfortable, and he soon started to feel anxious. His stomach began roiling as his struggle to keep the impending gush at bay intensified. He had to find a bathroom as soon as possible, but he couldn't ask for a toilet because john and peter was stiil in the apartment.. A big spasm hit him and he crossed his legs, he must stop to speak and his face become red. " oh noooo......i really need a bathroom ....please.....stop.....i must hold.....come on....ohh...." he was thinking while more spams start to hit me. He prayed the feeling would pass. But of course, it didn't.No matter what, Arthur could always rely on his ability to stay composed - even in the most desperate situations. He was proud of having never peeing himself in his life, and he had no intention of starting now, but this time being compose was becoming impossible and he start to feel really desperate and have afraid to not hold his pee. john and peter notice that arthur really has to pee and they smile at how he moves and try to hide it, but they keep asking questions about the house. Arthur was desperate. He had found the perfect house and was in the middle of closing the sale with his realtors, John and Peter. He had held his bladder for over an hour and he was in unbearable pain.

Several times he had been about to ask if he could go to the restroom, but he was afraid that would jeopardize his chance to buy the house. The realtors continued to ask questions and go through paperwork, not even pausing to take a breather.

Finally, Arthur couldn't stand it any longer. He blurted out, 'ehm...excuse me....... Is there a bar nearby? maybe we can speak about the house at the bar?'

John and Peter looked at each other, confusion clouding their faces. 'What? I'm afraid there isn't a bar near here and we don't want to go. We can discuss about the house here. This house is very beautiful and we want to buy it. Mybe is for......the toilet??You can hold for a little......you said that you you can really? Don't worry sometimes accident can happen and let's play omorashi. Let's go to see the kitcken...' Peter said, a slight chuckle in his voice.

@@" But........I..........ok let's go" said arthur, but it was very shocked Arthur was horrified. He pleaded with them to let him use the restroom, but they said no. He was shocked that they would deny him something so basic. He was on the brink of wetting himself, his bladder uncomfortably full after drinking too much orange juice earlier that morning. He tried to distract himself by inspecting the house, but his full bladder kept distracting him. he had never had to pee so much in his life, but he continues to hold it in with all his efforts. He glanced at the clock, willing the time to move faster. He wished he had gone to the bathroom before . He had been so nervous that morning that he hadn't thought about it. g He tried to appear calm and composed, but his full bladder was making it difficult for him to focus. He forced a smile and started to show them around the house, all the while trying to ignore the pressure on his bladder. " Oh my god, i never had to pee so much in my life and this two had don't let me go o the bar.....please.....i must hold....ohhhh......how full is my bladder...i can fell and also see it....please.....ooh no......noo....not again.....ahh.......what are this spasm....i must holdddd......" he thought to himself.. But the pressure was getting really impossible to hold and arthur couldn't deny to john and peter how much he needed to pee.

@@Arthur shifted uncomfortably in his position, trying to keep a composed face as he desperately clutched the contract in his hands. He couldn't believe this was happening to him – of all moments, nature had chosen now to play its cruel prank on him. His bladder was protesting vehemently, each step he took testing his endurance to its limits. "Guys," Arthur finally spoke up, his voice a tad strained. " I-----I-----n------" he was saying. " please, is there a cellar in the house? how about the cost?" stop him Peter. arthur no longer knew how to behave, but his urge to pee was at an extreme level and he understood that he had no chance to leave the apartment immediately. he was hopping and trying to hold his pee as much as he could, but suddenly a sensation never felt before from his body made his eyes widen completely and his legs squeeze. a huge spasm caught him off guard and he felt all the contents of his bladder push on the tip of his dick. For the first time in his life he felt a splash of pee wet his red panties and his face was truly shocked. she could feel the heat around his balls and the wetness of his underwear, even though there was no stain on his beige pants. Yet his underpants were wet and he understood that for the first time as an adult he had peed himself a little, but what worried him most was that he was still running away from peeing and moreover in front of his clients. He stood still with a really desperate look and felt more spasms coming and started hopping around. He became all red in the face and began to move nervously losing all restraint. His hands often went between his legs and john and peter were looking at him smiling "Ehm....everything okay? they asked him. But arthur couldn't move and started stammering " i------i........mmmmm...." with a face that made it clear how hard he was trying to hold his piss in his now exhausted bladder. " oh nooo.------why is this happening to me. I can't believe........why is this happening to me.....ahhh...I can't take it anymore.......but........my panties feel wet, what a strange feeling almost.....ahhh..no....not again.....ah hold on.....please......come on...come on....." he thought to himself. But another big spasm seized him and despite all his efforts another splash of pee escaped, creating a small stain on his beige suit. "Uh-oh, what's that? Maybe someone's having an accident? Don't be ashamed, it happens," Peter said, seeing the stain on his trousers. Arthur felt very embarrassed, but his bladder couldn't take it anymore and poor arthur understood. He began to jump and tears almost came to his eyes. But his body was sending him many signals that he couldn't take it any more and for the first time in his life he realised that his bladder was about to explode. he began to cry out "No....No...." but he could feel the piss pushing its way out and his bladder about to contract. it took a masterful effort to hold what he could, but his mouth opened wide. He began to writhe and bend over and from shame he closed his eyes He began to squirm and felt how full his bladder was with the litre of juice he had drunk. He gritted his teeth as a gigantic spasm seized him again. A great wave of despair seized him as he tried to hold up the dam that was about to overflow, but for the home seller, the time had come. First a drop of pee escaped from the tip of his willy and slipped down his leg, then he managed to stop himself, but immediately a splash escaped and finally he began to piss and could not stop himself. Arthur was pissing all over himself in his beige suit in front of his customers. He let out a squeal of pleasure and contrary to what he expected, he began to feel a great sense of liberation as he pissed. He felt the pee wet his genitals and also his buttocks, making his clothes soaked and then running down both legs until it filled his socks and shoes before falling to the floor making a noisy sound. Arthur really felt pleasure and pissed himself completely. Eventually his beige trousers were now dark and it was clear why, seeing the contrast between

@@the dry part and the peed part. He enjoyed the sensation until the last drop of pee almost forgetting about the work he was doing and it was only by touching his pissed pants that he realized he had just peed himself in front of his customers. He stood embarrassed feeling all the wetness of his still dripping mautande and with a puddle of piss under him. In a low and embarrassed voice he said: "ehm .... sorry ... I didn't dare to ask .... and I couldn't take it anymore..and ... I peed myself". John and peter without saying anything applauded arthur and said "Yes...and admit it...you liked it just like us......accidents happen.....to everyone...even to us." Just then both john and peter started pissing on each other creating equally large puddles in front of them. Arthur was relieved and no longer felt embarrassed, on the contrary he admitted that he had enjoyed being passionate about omorashi. He managed to sell the house and has since become a regular member of the omorashi club.

