When in Rome... a Roman tale of desperation

Author: DespMely

*000*2016-07-11 14:51

I have started a historical omo fic inspired by a suggestion by Ola93 set in ancient Rome.

It will include pee and poop desperation (male and female), wetting but not excessive messing, and finding alternative ways of relief.

There´s also be intrigue and a bit of sexual stuff, including weird fetishes...its Rome, after all;)

The prologue got a little away from me, but here it is, i hope you enjoy!

„Why do I need to pee now….“ Lavinia thought miserably, fighting the urge to cross her legs as she eyed the grim-looking overseer standing behind her holding a short cane that she knew would be brought down on her back or buttocks if she gave in to the impulse.

She sighed and put her gaze back forward to were a small group of wealthy citizens stood by tables bearing fruit, sweetmeats and wine, looking over in her direction from time to time. Forcing a thin smile on her lips, she tried to adjust her stance to both appear energetic as the old woman in the slave quarters had instructed her, and press her tights against one another enough to avoid fidgeting, or, worse, losing control over her filling bladder.

She shuddered inwardly thinking of the consequences that would undoubtedly bring – a savage beating, for starters, followed by a trip back to the slave quarters and then, at night, to the slave auction at the night harbour where the only prospect of employment for girls were a labour chain gang in a field or a cheap brothel. Neither offered anything but pain, exhaustion and a quick death and so Lavinia held her pose, smiled and prayed to the gods to keep her from that fate.

Stood in a row on either side of her were several other girls, most around her own age, dressed in simple but elegant tunics shortened enough to show off their legs. She knew that she wasn´t the youngest, tallest of prettiest of the girls and it made her feel doubtful of her chances. Also, she thought sadly, most wealthy senators preferred exotic household slaves from the far corners of the empire, not simple italic girls like her.

As she stood, willing her bladder to stop filling, she noticed another of the girls subtly slide one leg a little in front of the other and press them together. She even made it look graceful, Lavinia thought, but then with athletic legs like these everything probably looked sexy. She was a bit jealous of the dark-skinned girl but at least she wasn´t the only one that had overestimated her bladder capacity and followed the old woman´s advice to drink plenty of water for the auction to “keep hydrated and appear healthy”. Her own bladder was small and she frequently had to urinate, but she´d never had to hold still for so long while full.

As time passed, the attending patrons looked at them less and less, focusing instead on the food and especially the wine, sparing the girls only occasional glances. Why did they insist on keeping them posing for ages when they probably picked their preference with the first, lust-filled glance, Lavinia thought bitterly. Still, to become the household slave of a wealthy roman senator or merchant was the best fate that any girl born or forced into slavery could wish for.

It meant living in either a villa in Rome or on a large estate somewhere in the surrounding countryside, enough food, clean clothes, and easy work – if you didn´t count the diverse and, from rumours in the slave quarters, apparently endlessly diverse and outlandish sexual favours routinely of slave girls from their patrons, either for themselves or given as rewards to friends or followers. Still – it was better than ending in a soldier´s brothel at the fringes of the empire, neglected and used night after night into a early grave.

The thoughts almost brought tears into her eyes again and she blinked, forcing the thoughts from her mind. She was here, now, and she would survive. She could deal with servicing men if asked of her and besides, if the rumours were true, very few of the favours household slave girls performed were traditional sex anyway. They were supposed to be the things that the patrons didn´t want to become known outside their household, private secrets shared with nobody and indulged in with those they owned and controlled. She smiled. If that was the price she would pay it – how bad could it really be? Nothing that a girl wouldn´t endure living in the Suburna, the slums of Rome, even should she manage to remain a free woman or even become a roman citizen.

No, doing things like that for men was just what life was like until – or rather unless – you found a gentle, caring man like her father. But her mother had told her years ago, when she started coursing, that these things would be expected of a girl. She´d also told her that it gave her power. Power over the men that craved those things, and that a girl had to wield that power carefully. And, Lavinia had resolved a month ago when she was made a slave following her parents death at the hands of bandits that burned down their little farm, wield it she would.

Looking at the assembled patrons, she smiled more now, not a smile of joy, but of bitterness and resolve. She would have her revenge. She could not fight, could not use force, so she would use her mind and her body. She knew that a slave girl called upon indulging their master in sexual fantasies meant that she would know a secret few, if any, others would know, giving her incredible power. But it needed to be used carefully. It was too easy to just dispose and replace a slave. No – it was not as simple as doing whatever was asked and then using blackmail. She´d need to be subtle – and devoted. She´d do whatever the secret was so well, so good, that her master would not want to get rid of her when she decided to wield the power. It would take time and resolve – but she had both, for the anger burned deep within her. She only hoped the tools she´d have to use on her road to revenge wasn´t too depraved.

Her thoughts were interrupted by another urgent signal form her bladder protesting at the enforced stillness while full. She flinched slightly and slowly pressed her legs closer together, hoping nobody was looking at her just that moment as she had to take a slight step with her left foot to press it against the other. Ahh – what a slight movement could help with the need to pee! She blushed slightly and smiled, a genuine smile this time, and looked ahead again – and froze.

From the back row, a middle-aged man dressed in a simple white, blue rimmed stola was staring straight at her, smiling. Lavinia felt her cheeks burn more brightly and forced herself not to look back directly at him, knowing that a single comment from any of the patrons could get a girl sent away instantly. Breathing deeply, she risked another glance at the man and found him still looking at her. Something in his expression was strangely calming, she thought. He wasn´t leering like most of the men had been when the girls started to pose, but seemed to be studying her. Emboldened, she dared to flash him a smile.

That had been another piece of advice the old woman had given them. If you see a patron interested in you, do your best to charm him. She´d given other advice, good advice, born of a lifetime as a slave. Few slave women ever reached her age and Lavinia had marvelled at the serenity of the woman, considering what she must have endured. “Life is too precious to waste wanting and longing”, she had said and smiled. “You make your own way any way you can, and find a way to be happy. If you´re happy, it matters little if you´re a slave, and if you´re unhappy, all the money in the world will not help you.” Tall words, but Lavinia thought they made sense – as had all the other advice. Well, almost all, she thought, feeling her bladder protest at the amount of water still flowing through her. THAT advice might be her doom.

“Honoured patrons, I trust that you have had ample time to survey the goods!” The owner of Rome´s most exclusive slave auction house smiled grandly as he entered, gaudily dressed in a multi-coloured stola and tunic. “You will now be able to make any requests you may before we settle the auction.” Lavinia sighed again, hoping the requests wouldn´t prove too much for her poor bladder. The first request was almost a given – that the girls bare their chests to let the patrons ogle their breasts. Lavinia glanced left and right, envious of the much larger breasts all the other girls had, and felt her fortunes sink again. The second request almost made Lavinia giggle, for a overweight senator wanted to look at the girls feet in detail. No harm there – feet were a common enough fetish and something that no girl would mind, she was sure. She hoped she was bought by him, but by the way he stared at the legs of the petite Hispanic girl next to her she thought that was overly optimistic.

The old woman had told the girls that the requests would be tame, as none of the patrons would dare to expose their fetishes to the others, since they were, by default, rivals who would use such information mercilessly. And she proved to be right – again – as they went through a series of easy and only vaguely sexual insinuations – licking honey off a stick was her favourite. Only once did Lavinia hesitate slightly, when they were requested to touch each other´s breasts. As she turned to the Hispanic girl who, even though she was almost a hand shorter than she, had almost double her breast size, she knew she was expected to enjoy it. Taking a breath and returning the other girl´s smile, she slowly cupped one of her breasts and ran her thumb around the big dark nipple, marvelling at her soft touch, then flinching as she felt the girls hand run over her own nipple. She felt a flutter of excitement and thought how strange that was, and then It was over.

She´d almost wished it would be longer, since it had allowed her to cross her legs while turning. Behind the Hispanic girl she could also see the dark-skinned girl with crossed legs as well, her hips moving in obvious desperation. She must have an even smaller bladder than me, Lavinia mused as she turned back into her pose with considerable difficulty.

“Are there any more requests?” The owner asked, still smiling. After a few moments, the patron that had caught Lavinia´s throat cleared his throat. “I would like them to stand with their legs spread for a little while” he said with the same serene smile, eyes on the dark-skinned girl. “Damn”, Lavinia thought, she´d hoped her brief moment of eye contact had won her points, before registering what he´d said. “Oh no…” she thought bleakly as she spread her legs with a sharp intake of breath.

As she held the position, she had to fight with all her strength not to pee right then and there. “Oh gods let it be over soon…” she could hardly believe her misfortune. How on earth was this turning anybody on? She didn´t know and couldn´t think of anything beside her desperate desire to pee. The girls next to her seemed fine, they either had bigger bladders or not drunk as much, but leaning forward ever so slightly Lavinia could just see the dark-skinned girl visibly shake. “She´s not gonna hold it…” she thought and turned her eyes front where everyone was staring at the struggling girl now who gave a silent whimper followed by a long, guttural moan as there was a loud hissing sound followed by her pent-up pee hitting the floor.

“Oh gods this is torture” Lavinia moaned inwardly, listening to the girl sob as she peed down her legs while being forcefully grabbed by the overseer and hauled back off the stage. Lavinia closed her eyes and clenched every muscle she could as she felt a few drops leak out of her pussy. “This is it..its over” she though, ready to give up, when the owner said “Alright we will start the auction now. Please put your bids in the respective bowls by the girls feet.” Lavinia gasped as she quickly closed her legs, first crossing them HARD for a few moments before managing to put them apart with one slightly in front of the other, pressing together. As she opened her eyes again she saw the patron watching her again and she thought she saw him nod at her gently as she struggled to keep control after her ordeal.

Bowls were put at the feet of each girl and the patrons started putting in small chits with numbers scratched on them, indicating their bid. She received only a few chits, including the overweight patron and she hoped that she´d go to that one. But when the other patron came down to place a chit in only her bowl and smiled up at her, she involuntarily smiled back.

The bidding was mercifully short and one by one the owner went through each of the bowls, announcing the winning bidders. Lavinia barely followed this as she was struggling to keep from leaking too badly, unable to keep small leaks from escaping. Thankfully in pressing her legs together she´d trapped on of the inner folds of her tunic between them and it was soaking up the leaks. Finally the owner reached her bowl and went through the pitiful 4 chits, grimacing at the low bids until he looked at the last one. Turning towards the attentive patron, he asked “Are you sure this is no mistake? This price is outrageous even for me exclusive establishment…” At the simple nod and smile from the patron he shrugged and indicated him as the winner.

“Outrageous price?” Lavinia thought. “For me?” She couldn´t fathom what she had done to deserve a high bid, especially not when compared to the other girls. “Come” the patron simply said, indicating for her to follow. Lavinia gladly obeys, glad at being able to move and rub her thighs together. But how was she going to relieve herself? She thought with a sinking feeling as she felt another leak escape her tired bladder. If she didn´t get to a latrine soon she´d embarrass herself and surely upset her new master.

She followed him out of the villa, taking smaller and smaller steps as she struggled to keep up. Her face was red with exertion and she felt increasingly larger leaks as she forced herself to walk behind the man, until finally she was sure she would wet herself, when he suddenly stopped, turned and looked at her for a moment before pointing at a wooden door. “Relieve yourself and you can begin your duties” he said simply.

“Thank…Thank you master” Lavinia managed, hobbling over and opening the door to what turned out to be the slaves latrines. 2 of the seats were occupied, one by a male servant watching her with an amused smile as Lavinia hiked up her tunic and collapsed on the seat next to where the old woman was peeing. “Oh gods” Lavinia gasped and then stifled a moan of pure relief as her pent-up pee shot out of her aching pussy and down the hole under her. She peed quickly, her small bladder soon empty, and remained seated for a moment.

“I bet that felt good” the old woman said, smiling at her. “Remember what I told you, and be happy, child.” Lavinia smiled as she stood up, careful to adjust her tunic so the wet fold was safely hidden from view. At the door, she turned back to the woman “Thank you”. She said and exited to find the man smiling at her. “Fell better?” he asked? And returned her smile, walking out of the building with Lavinia following.

*006*2016-07-13 15:15

Short chapter today, with only hints of desperation. but it´ll come:)

Lavinia gaped at the size of the house they had just arrived at. They had been walking through the more affluent parts of the city for some time, since it appeared that her new master´s villa lay quite a ways from the waterfront, but finally they had stopped at the entrance to a villa on the very edge of the imperial section of the city. He must be an important man indeed, Lavinia thought, gazing at the finely carved statues, arches and columns that flanked the short path to the house itself. The garden around it was small, of course – Rome was a city teeming with untold multitudes of people and space within its walls was quite at a premium, even for its most wealthy and important inhabitants – but she was sure there would be another, even grander villa somewhere outside the city with all the space anyone could want.

As she followed her master inside, she could barely believe the luxury she was seeing. There were bronze braziers to light the big foyer, and warm it in winter. There was even a small fountain with running water! She eyed her master again. He must be incredibly wealthy…and yet. He had no bodyguard and moved through the city easily, where most senators and other wealthy citizens wouldn´t leave their villas without a group of bodyguards…and in a covered litter. Despite herself, she felt intrigued by this man, who so far had not spoken another word to her.

“Welcome to your new home, Lavinia.” He suddenly said, turning on her. “You will find that I am fair master, and you will do well here if you adhere to the rules.” He smiled and continued on into the next room, Lavinia following behind him, glancing around. They went through a formal reception area and then a long hallway with other doors. One was open and Lavinia could smell, before she could see, that it was the kitchen. As she passed it, she saw an older woman cooking, helped by two younger female slaves. One of them saw her and gave her a smile and wave. “They seem happy here” she thought with relief. As she waved back, she noticed the girl bounce one leg against the other rhythmically as she cleaned vegetables in a bowl of water.

With a small smile she followed on through the hallway. From the number of rooms it was an impressive house, at least for the city, where space was exorbitantly expensive. Two times she saw other slaves, one a girl younger than herself arranging flowers, and one a middle-aged man. Both looked healthy and well, even though Lavinia thought the girl did look nervous. As they rounded another corner, her master stopped for a moment to watch another pair of slaves put washed clothing on a line over a courtyard. They were both older than herself, and Lavinia could easily tell that they both needed to pee at the first glance as the girl was crossing her legs at any chance she got while the guy was little better.

“You are doing well” the master said and Lavinia saw the slaves look over, startled. The girl blushed and squirmed, smiling a little forced as the master continued, Lavinia following along with a confused glance back at the desperate slaves. Why did they not relieve themselves? Surely there was a slave´s latrine in a villa like this, she couldn´t imagine this master forcing his slaves to go out into the street for that. Not with the obvious kindness he showed them from the reaction of the slaves.

Finally, the master stopped at a door and turned, smiling at Lavinia before looking off to the side. “This is the slave´s common room”, he said without looking at her and Lavinia saw him blush at something. “You will wait in there for my head slave to come and get you, she will explain the rules and your duties. I am sure you will do just fine…” he said, his voice trailing off. Lavinia watched him for a few moments and waited, but it seemed his was finished as he kept looking off, so she went into the room, which was just a table and benches.

As she entered, she turned slightly and looking in the direction the master had been gazing off so intently, and just caught a brief glimpse of 3 persons standing outside the door of a very small, separate building in the large courtyard. In the briefly glance she saw the last person´s legs cross and the first person hunch over slightly, knocking at the door, before she lost sight of them. “What is going on here?” she wondered as she took a seat. There was a pitcher of water and she poured herself a large cup, drinking eagerly. “This isn´t so bad at all.” She smiled and looked out the window, waiting, and wondered again as she heard a small voice outside call “Hurry up already!”

*010*2016-07-14 19:56

Thank you for the info, I´ll make sure to not make the mistake again!

*011*2016-07-21 14:58

A new chapter - not a lot, but some pee desperation in this one. enjoy!

„You must be the new girl.“ The older woman entering the room said as she stepped in and looked at Lavinia. “I am Helena, the head slave here. Welcome.” She smiled warmly and took a seat across from her as Lavinia looked at her nervously. “Lavinia.” She said in a small voice. The woman had an air of authority on her, and Lavinia knew head slaves sometimes wielded a lot of power over the other slaves – not always benevolently.

“I´m sure that you are nervous and scared, my child, but I can assure you that you do not need to be. This is a safe household, and if you follow the rules, you can be happy here.” She studied Lavinia for a few moments, then smiled again. “First, our master is Gaius Nabronicus. He is a merchant, and a very successful one at that, as you have no doubt noticed. He is also, by far, the most kind and lenient master I have ever known. “

Helena stopped briefly, and cocked her head to a side. “How long have you been a slave?” Lavinia flushed slightly. “Uh…a few months. After my parents death…” She started to explain, but the woman cut her off. “You do not need to tell me. What is important is that you are here, now, and have a chance to make a new life. And a good one, I might add. For somebody so….inexperienced, you are very lucky to have gotten here. But I am sure that the master picked you for other, oh, skills.” She chuckled a bit as she finished the sentence.

“Well, before I show you around and explain your duties, let me tell you some of the rules. Obviously, you are forbidden to leave the house without express permission of the master or in his company. There are no exceptions to this, and if you are found outside for any reason, you will be punished, and sold. You are also not to go upstairs unless as part of your duties or ordered to by the master or myself. Nobody else, understand?” When Lavinia nodded, she smiled and continued.

“Other than that, it is very casual. There are currently 13 slaves here, including yourself. Of course, there are many more on the master´s estate outside the city, which you may get to see in time. You are allowed to freely speak and interact with the other slaves as long as it does not interfere with your duties or when the master is entertaining guests.” She paused again for a few moments, then nodded again. “Well, let´s take a quick walk, I can explain the rest on the way. And don´t hesitate to ask me whenever you have questions or problems. We´re all looking out for each other here.”

Lavinia returned the woman´s smile as they got up and made their way out of the common room. “I assume you are curious about your duties?” the woman asked, leading her back towards the kitchens with long strides, leaving Lavinia to catch up to her quickly. “You are here to replace the masters´ roomservant. That means you will clean his room, take his meals upstairs, remove his clothing to be washed, and attend to any of his personal needs. It will mean that you will spend more time upstairs than most of the slaves.” The woman stopped to look at Lavinia sternly. “Do not enter any other rooms than the masters´ room when he is not there unless specifically ordered to.” Lavinia nodded meekly as they started walking again, soon reaching the kitchen.

The same older cook and two girls were still there, preparing the evening meal, as they entered. “This is Lavinia, the new slave”, Helen announced. Lavinia smiled back as the three women acknowledged her warmly. These are Segara, our cook, and Uvaria, her assistant.” She nodded toward the older woman and a redheaded girl with brown skin and Hispanic looks. “And that”, Helen continued, pointing at the final girl, a very young brunette, “is our baby. Aren´t you, Cerabin.” The mentioned girl responded by sticking her tongue out at the head slave, and the other 2 laughed. Lavinia felt herself join in, relieved. This seemed to be a good house, if the slaves were this happy. She would be alright.

As she turned to follow Helen back out, she noticed Uvaria bounce from one leg onto the other as she chopped vegetables. Wondering again, and realizing her own bladder was starting to ache standing still from all the water still left in her from earlier, she quickly caught up to Helen again. For some time, she followed the woman as she opened door after door, explaining their use. Stores, working rooms, servant´s rooms – which she was to share with the other young female slaves – and bath.

Entering the last one, she blushed brightly as she watched a young man step into the small pool and crossed her legs at the sound of the water. Helen watched her, amused. “I do hope you´re not minded to be shy, my dear. We are all usually very….open here. Isn´t that right Anthony?” The man nodded and leaned back as Lavinia was introduced to him, but she found it hard to concentrate with her quite urgent need to relieve herself this close to water. She just caught that he was one of the “Inner guards”, slave guards that lived in the house, while other, free hired men, guarded the villa outside.

“Nice to meet you” Lavinia muttered, blushing again at the sight of his fine body as they turned to leave. At the door, Helen turned to look at her. “Whatever you do, do NOT relieve yourself in the water in here…or on the floor.” Lavinia blushed red. “What…I…it´s not THAT bad…” she muttered. “I know, its just a rule. The most important one.” The woman continued, walking again, adding to Lavinias´ relief “I think its time to show you the latrine.”

“I´m sorry, I just drank a lot of water…” she said, relieved, as they returned to the back of the building. Helen chuckled briefly “Never apologize for that my dear. You see, having to relieve yourself is a very good thing in this house…at least when the master is here.”

“What?” Lavinia gasped, stopping. Suddenly things made sense. “You mean he….likes seeing us need to use the latrine?” she asked, starting to walk again. “Oh yes” Helena said. “and the more he sees you in urgent need, the better for you. He especially enjoys seeing us wait at the latrine once we cannot continue working.”

“I see….” Lavinia said silently, trying to grasp the information. She had never heard of anything like it, but it didn´t seem so bad. She had to pee a lot anyway, and holding it shouldn´t be too bad.

“Is it….tough to do it all the time?” she asked Helen. “Not as such. But there are some rules you have to follow that sometimes make it tough, and they can get you punished or sold quickly if you break them. That´s what happened to the last girl. First, you are not to relieve your bladder or bowels anywhere but the latrine unless given permission by the master. Second, never are you to have an accident anywhere but the latrine square, which is right here.” They had arrived at the square with the small building in the middle again, which Lavinia now realized must be the latrine as Uvaria was just hurrying up to the door, tried to open it, then gasped and crossed her legs instead.

Lavinia stared at her, crossing her own legs, as Helen continued. “Third, there are no privileges in this house when it comes to the latrine. If the master needs to go and there is a line, he waits just like everybody, including guests. Nobody may force anybody out of their place unless given up freely.” Helen turned to look at Lavinia. “Do you understand?”

“Yes”, she answered, fidgeting more and more, “ah, what was the last girl sold for?”

“She was caught be the master or his guests relieving herself when she did not have real need several times, which got her punished, and finally she had an accident while working. If something happens while you wait for the latrine, you will not be punished, but the master doesn´t like that. He is fair, and if you get on his good side by needing to go a lot he will like you, but follow the rules.” Lavinia nodded and glanced towards Uvaria. “Join her, you look like you´re about to make a puddle” Helen smiled as Lavinia hurried off quickly and stood behind Uvaria.

“Hey” she said, wiggling frantically as she glanced at the other girls crossed legs. “Hey to you too” Uvaria said, blushing “so…did Helen tell you all about our little fetish heaven?” she giggled. “Yeah…I´m still not sure I can believe it” Lavinia admitted as they heard a moan of relief from the lavatory. “I know, at first I wasn´t sure about it…and sometimes he has weird requests, or when he has guests….but trust me, it´s not so bad. Especially considering with some of the other fetishes you hear about….sometimes it´s even fun” the other girl winked, then gasped and knocked on the door. “Carom, open up, I have to GO!” she said in an urgent voice, glancing back towards Lavinia. “Until you´re really full, of course, but you get used to holding it. If you want my advice…practise early and often, and make sure you let the master see you having to go, and especially wait in line. He LOVES that. Oh…thank god.”

Lavinia watched her enter the latrine, replacing another powerful-looking young man who winked at her. “Something I ate” he said, grinning as he walked off, leaving Lavinia to dance outside the door, listening to Uvaria empty her bladder loudly. “ohhh” she gasped, scissoring her legs frantically and wiggled her bum. Thankfully, the other girl was fast and she quickly opened up, letting Lavinia in with a smile. Quickly she hobbled in, hiking up her garments on the way and turned to sit before even closing the door, and for a brief moment she saw the master, standing to a side, smiling.

“This shouldn´t be so bad” she thought as she closed the door and sat down, releasing a heavy stream of pee with a moan of relief.

*024*2017-07-07 08:26

Yes...an update!:)

I have decided to continue this story. A short chapter for now, I promise the next one soon.

As always, comments, critizism and suggestions always welcome here or in pm/chat!

(warning: contains very mild poo desp)

“Where am I?” was Lavinias first though as she woke up after her first night in the new house, followed seconds later with “Oh dear I need to pee!”

Quickly crossing one leg over the other, she slowly turned over on her side, glancing at Uvaria sleeping next to her. The girl was still asleep, breathing regularly, and Lavinia found herself blushing as she realized she was staring at her breasts through the thin, almost see-through tunics they wore at night.

Turning back onto her back, she re-crossed her legs and contemplated waking Uvaria so she could get out of bed and down to the latrine when Cerabin, sharing the other bed with Hirene, a young, dark skinned laundress, jerked up. “Uhh…gotta go!” she muttered loudly as she climbed over the other girl and left the room quickly to the giggles of a now-awake Uvaria.

“Every morning…I swear that girl has a bladder the size of a pea!” she grinned before yawning. Lavinia blushed again, slowly sitting up and keeping her legs together tightly, making her own predicament rather obvious.

“Oh…” Uvaria started with a glance at her bare legs “seems we have another baby bladder in the room now, Hirene!” Both girls giggled and Lavinia blushed furiously, trying not to look embarrassed, but Uvaria quickly put a hand on her shoulder. “Just teasing you. You´ll soon discover that all of us get desperate to pee or more often enough…that said, better get down to the latrine. If you wet our bed, I will be majorly pissed off at you!”

Lavinia returned the girls smile and scooted past her out of bed. Considering briefly to change into something slightly less revealing, a sharp pang from her bladder put an end to that thought and sent her out of the room swiftly. In any event, the casual wear for female slave girls in the house that she had gotten last night was only slightly less revealing anyway – a almost shockingly short tunic that just covered her buttocks, and underwear.

Rounding the corner, she braced herself for the inevitable queue and grimaced a bit as she quickly joined behind the 4 people already waiting. In front of the latrine, Helena was bobbing up and down slightly and grinding her legs together while behind her Linucius, the youngest male slave, was almost running on the spot with a red face. A pee-dancing Cerabin and Icena, a gaulish middle-age woman, completed the queue.

“I hope they´re quick” Lavinia muttered as she started squirming. The first two got in quickly and when Linucius raced in, Cerabin grabbed herself and groaned “please hurry i´m going to burst!”, sticking out her petite bum making Lavinia stare.

“I see you´ve come to join our morning ritual” the master suddenly said behind her, breaking her out of her spell and making her blush and squirm. “Uh, yes master” she managed, glancing behind her, eyes going wide as she saw his legs squirm as much as her own, and his hard manhood under the loincloth he wore as his sole garment.

Quickly looking away, she kept dancing around in line, hoping she would not have an accident in front of her new master. “Please hurry up, I´m really desperate” she pleaded with Icena as Cerabin finally unleashed her pee inside the latrine. “I will try” the woman replied with a grimace as she held her stomach.

“Oh no she has to poo…” Lavinia thought and grimaced as well, noticing the master staring at Icenas clenched bum intently.

“Looks like we´ll have to wait a while longer” he said as the Gaul hurried into the latrine and gave a low moan of relief. “You look like you really have to go too!” he added with a smile. Despite his obvious arousal, Lavinia found his smile warm and kind, not the kind of leer most horny men gave you.

“Yes, master. Most mornings I awake with a urgent need to, uh, relieve myself” she said looking at him and scissoring her legs quickly. “I can see that” he said with a laugh, bending over and holding his stiff penis quickly. “I am rather desperate myself this morning. I hope you don´t take too long!” he said as the door opened and Lavinia quickly hurried past the relieved woman.

“I won´t master ahhhhhhhh” she groaned as she sat on the latrine, pee gushing out of her. She couldn´t help moaning in relief and smiled blissfully. As she opened the door a minute later she couldn´t help stare at the master as he hobbled in, holding his erect bit. She stood there for a second, looking after him and thinking he was quite good looking, blushing red and turning around.

“Master you must hurry pleeeeease” Uvaria begged beside her, knocking on the door. Meeting the other girl´s eyes for a bit she gave a wink and mischeavous smile before knocking again, legs twisted as they heard a quiet moan from inside the latrine.

Lavinia turned and left, giggling.

