Times of Desperation - Dinner Trouble at the Manor

Author: DespMely

*000*2016-07-11 14:47

Hello all! After an incredibly long time and thanks to a suggestion by Keita123, a new "Times of Desperation Story".

It will be in a few parts, and include poop desperation as well as pee, but no excessive messing.

Here´s the prologue:

Kasheen smiled to herself as she finished spiking the last pitcher of wine and threw away the final via she had brought to this time. After much too long, she´d undertaken another time journey and resolved that this time, i´d be just as good as the last. Looking at the 5 large pitchers, she switched them around a bit, giggling to herself. “I wonder which one i´ll get” she thought as she quickly left before any servants arrived to take them to the dining hall. She had taken 4 vials of a heavy diuretic she had developed that she called “QuickPee”, and also a single one of the “BowDown”, a laxative. She wanted to see both kinds of desperation today, and to make it fair she herself would have wine from one of the pitchers, not knowing which.

She was dressed in plain trousers with a revealing top, the prevailing servant´s clothing at the hall of Sir Walter Burough of Yppswich. Making her way through the corridors, she observed again her chosen location – a newly built, expansive estate in the English countryside, full of art, books, and people. Sir Walter and his wife, the Lady Claire, styled themselves patrons of the Renaissance and promoted every bit of art and new thinking they could find, which was why Kasheen had picked them after long, thorough investigation.

Aside from the allure of the age as such, the reason was simple: It offered just the right combination of backwardness and new thinking. A class society where the edges were starting to fade more and more was still promoting strict discipline when it came to bodily functions. The technology of toilets had – barely – not caught up here yet as the new bathroom and toilet facilities were a few weeks from completion and as of yet, unusable. It had taken her a long time to find out just the right date for this, Kasheen thought, giggling excitedly as she passed a flimsy door. Stopping and pushing it open, she looked at the old-style privy that had been built as a stand in until the people of Yppswich could be served adequately by the new bathrooms. She felt her heartbeat quicken as she thought of what was about to happen. She´d never used it before, since servants went to the woods, but knew she would tonight as there would be a violent thunderstorm just on time.

Continuing onward, she passed one of the other young serving girls, also in the same clothing. That had been another reason…she wanted to experience people needing to poop today, and that was much hotter in pants – or so she thought. She had never actually seen anybody desperate for that other than herself….yet. Soon, soon she thought, smiling and almost skipping as she entered the dining room to help lay out the table for the guests. The table was laid out for 8, and there would be another 4 servants attending beside herself. One of them had earlier told her that usually they could easily snatch enough food and wine when changing cups and plates, so she was sure most of the people would have some of the spiked wine.

She had arrived 3 days earlier, taking the place of another girl that had been hired. She felt a little bad about her – currently locked up in a nearby inn where the owner would make sure she did not escape until tomorrow – but brushed the thoughts away. The girl was fine, ate and slept well and she´d given her money - she was going to be fine.

As she put out plates and cutlery, Kasheen smiled at the other 2 girls helping. They were both around 20, nice girls who had welcomed her. She felt bad for them, too…but she´d known about this when she embarked on the journey. And the drugs had no side-effects – she´d tested them herself often enough to find out the right dosages. She smiled at the memory of the tries, including one time with BowDown that had sent her sprinting to the toilet clutching her rear within moments, and one early try with QuickPee that had seen her pee stream down her legs before she´d finished draining the glass. But now they were perfected and would induce copious desperation without making it impossible to hold – they made you desperate and kept you desperate for a time until you got relief or to a point where the added effect of liquid and food consumed made you unable to cope.

Soon they finished the table and stood aside as Lady Claire came to check everything. She was a nice lady, in contrast to most of her peers, and smiled at the girls before retiring to change into formal clothes. As they left, Kasheen looked at the pitchers again with a smile. There was no way for her to know which contained BowDown, and that added to her excitement.

As they walked by the privy again, she heard Sir Walter urinate heavily. “Not gonna help you much…” she giggled to herself and caught a glimpse of the man´s spurting penis through the wide cracks in the door. “Yes,” she thought, “it was going to be worth it. All the months of preparation, poring over countless historical manuscripts….it was going to be worth it.”

*004*2016-07-12 15:16

Another short part.

WARNING INCLUDES (MILD) POO DESPERATION

Kasheen curtsied as she removed some of the half-finished plates from the table, carrying them to the small ante room where the servants were preparing to bring out more food. “Plenty for us!” Margaret, one of the other girls smiled and took a piece of meat, popping it into her mouth before washing it down with a sip of wine, making Kasheen smile. The other girls with her had been steadily sipping at the wine as well, an she´d had enough as well, she was sure, for the drugs to do their work.

Outside, the thunderstorm was howling and lightning split the darkness, followed by thunder as the rain lashed down. “All this rain is making me want to pee” Isabel complained with a giggle, making an exaggerated show of crossing her legs and bending over. Laughing alone with the others, Kasheen admired the young girls shapely bottom. None of the five of them had used the privy yet, although she´d seen 2 of the guests make trips there, no doubt to empty their bladders from the combination of pre-dinner tea, lemon-infused water and wine.

As she went back out carrying a bowl of fruit, she felt her bladder become quite full as well. “Not long now” she thought, almost shivering In anticipation. She just hoped her arousal wasn´t too obvious through her shirt. Setting the bowl down with another curtsy, she managed to glimpse the tightly crossed legs of Lady Miriam, one of the guests. She appeared fine and well above the table, Kasheen thought, but her legs told a different story. The Lady must have had a full bladder to start with, and now that the drugs were beginning to work she would be in trouble soon.

On the way back out of the room, she stopped and crouched down, as if picking up something from the floor, so she could look under the table for a moment. The sight made her heart beat faster. In addition to Lady Miriam, two other women in attendance also had their legs crossed tightly, while one of the 3 gentlemen present was tapping his foot nervously. And then her eyes fell on Lady Claire´s legs, bouncing and rubbing together. It was starting to work…”Uh indeed” she smiled and got back up, keeping her own legs close together. She definitely needed a pee herself, so it was only a matter of time before the first guest would put need over manners and leave the table even though the desert course hadn´t been removed.

When she entered the room with the other servant girls, she was greeted by the sight of Isabel walking on the spot, periodically pressing her legs together. “Don´t you think we can just use the privy now before the guests do after desert?” she asked in a half-whine. “You know the rules” Cynthia, the oldest of the servant girls, said through clenched teeth. “If we can´t go outside we´re to wait until the end of dinner after the guests have done their business…” Kasheen looked at her and smiled.

The girl had a hand on her stomach and was clearly nervous about something – something urgent, she thought, smiling. “You know we´ve broken that rule before, remember Dara? She had to go so bad that one time she was waiting outside the privy with the Lady and she even let her go first. Lady Claire´s very nice about such things…” Alice, the final servant girl, said as she shifted her weight. “Maybe so, but it would be highly unseemly to be the first to go…even if I DO have to” Cynthia said with a grimace. The other girls nodded in sympathy.

“I´m really desperate” Isabel continued, dancing around. She certainly looked the part, Kasheen thought, aroused. “Maybe we can go once the first guest relieves themselves?” she said with a crossing of her legs “I am starting to have to pee too.” Cynthia seemed to think about this, sceptically, but then her stomach growled and she gasped “maybe you´re right…for a quick queue and go quickly when one of them goes” she agreed, red-faced. The prospect of relief brightened the girls and Kasheen glanced at Margaret and Alice, the former standing on one leg and pressing the other over it while the later was bending her knees and bouncing.

“Excuse me, I am terribly sorry but I must step out for a second” They heard Lord Walter say and as Kasheen opened the door she saw him stand, red-faced and walk stiffly in the direction of the privy. The others were watching him nervously, several fidgeting quite visibly and blushing. “Now?” Isabel demanded urgently behind her, but Cynthia shushed her. Kasheen smiled and turned her attention back to the table, where all eyes were on the hallway to the privy. Clearly they were all hoping to emulate the lord, and soon, when they heard the door slam and a loud splatter and a groan “what did I eat…” making Kasheen giggle and her nipples harden so her coarse shirt rubbed against them. It was starting, and she couldn’t wait for the imminent line as she crossed her legs, feeling her own full bladder throb.

*013*2016-07-22 11:35

Next chapter that finds our protagonists queueing for relief;)

„I don´t care, I can´t wait any longer!” Isabel suddenly gasped and took off, hobbling towards the occupied privy. Kasheen and the other servant girls watched as she stopped at the door and crossed her legs hard, bouncing from foot to foot. “Should we join her?” Alice asked, her own squirming becoming more insistent, looking at Cynthia who was looking out uncertainly. But a moment later her stomach gave a fearful growl and she took a sharp breath. “Uh…yeah…I guess it´s alright…” she muttered as she stood.

Quickly glancing towards the dinner table, Kasheen smiled at the sight. Most of the ladies had their legs locked together and were rubbing, bouncing and wriggling, and she could see one with her hands between her legs. “Ah….is there a second toilet?” Lady Diane asked Lady Claire as she got up red-faced, looking at Isabel in front of the door. “I´m sorry, only the one..” Claire responded, clutching her tummy. “Maybe I should check on Walter…” she added and started to get up, but Lady Diane had already taken of and was rushing towards the privy. And before Claire had managed to take two steps the rest of the guests got up and ran, walked and hobbled off, racing the servant girls to get their places in the queue.

Kasheen just stood wide-eyed, staring at the spectacle, unbelievable aroused, yet also desperate to relieve herself. She slowly started walking as well, having to keep her legs together, to get in line and enjoy the show. Speeding up slightly, she managed to beat one of the guests, Lady Megan, into line and stood cross-legged behind Lady Claire, who was still holding her tummy and blushing profusely. “Hold my spot dear” she said to Kasheen and made her way to the front to knock on the door. “Walter….are you quite done? It appears everybody must use the privy…” she said nervously, eyes glued to Isabel who was openly holding herself and almost running on the spot in desperation. “Ahhhh I´m trying, just a bit moooooore” Sir Walter responded, still voiding his bowels forcefully as Lady Claire returned to her spot with a grimace. “I DO hope he´s out of there quickly” Lady Diane sighed, squirming behind Isabel as she tried not to emulate the servant girl as her bladder expanded.

Kasheen fidgeted automatically as she ran her eyes over the line. Her breathing was quick and she could feel her heart pound, and her pussy moisten, as she got more and more turned on by the sight. Her eyes came to rest on Cynthia´s round little buttocks, clenched together as the girl tried to keep control. Listening to the pooping noises must have been hard for her, Kasheen thought. But it was just too hot to see.

“Lady Claire, should…should the servants not be made to wait?” Lady Megan asked from the back, her face betraying fear that she might not last long enough to keep her clothing dry as she crossed her legs again and again, unable to keep still. Lady Claire turned and smiled thinly at both the Lady and Kasheen as she stepped stiffly from foot to foot. “My dear Lady Megan, I am sorry for our predicament but…it would be thoroughly unfair to deprive the girls of their much-needed relief.” Kasheen returned the smile as she heard Isabel sigh in relief, only to thrust her hands back into her crotch, turning bright red. “She´s leaked…she won´t be able to go on much longer” Kasheen thought, eyes glued to the girls wiggling butt.

Finally, after another couple of minutes, a very relieved but embarrassed Sir Walter exited the privy and momentarily stopped as he saw the others queued up in front of him. “What…oh dear” he started, then had to step aside quickly to avoid Isabel as the girl hobbled past him, tugging at her tight trousers frantically. She didn´t even bother to lock the door as she turned and sat on the seat, a thick stream of pee already shooting out of her with tremendous force “Oh my goooood” she moaned in relief as Lady Diane forgot all sense of decorum and thrust her hands between her legs, the sound of the girls´ loud piss making her own need almost unbearable. “Ah…do hurry up!” she managed, hunched over and trying to press her legs together as much as possible. Kasheen could not look away, she was transfixed by the epic pee dance. In front of her, Lady Claire was watching too, mouth open, as she watched her guest and friend struggle not to wet herself.

When it was her turn, the Lady quickly hurried into the little privy and locked herself in before gasping aloud as she struggled with her tight clothing. Kasheen could imagine her, leaking badly, soaking her underwear, before she could…She shook her head and found herself breathing hard, one hand between her legs. She blushed and looked ahead, but of course none of the others were paying attention to her and her arousal. Even though, she didn´t want to wet herself, so this must wait a bit longer.

“Would you hurry up I´m bursting!” Sir Marcus´ shout pulled her out of her thoughts and she watched him fidget at the front of the line, one hand gripping himself tightly through his pants. Not a bad sight at all, Kasheen mused, and glanced at the other man in line, Sir Stanley, who was now third and quite openly staring at Alices´ legs and butt as she did a pee dance in front of him. Kasheen smiled as she spotted a big bulge in his trousers. She didn´t blame him – the servant girls´ perfect little behind was swaying tantalizingly as she squirmed around – and she wondered if it was helping him with his own urge to urinate. Something to explore in the future, she thought, as the door opened and a red-faced Lady Diane rushed out and past the waiting line, a dark wet patch clearly visible in her crotch and down one thigh.

“She didn´t make it…” Kasheen heard Lady Claire mumble, but not sounding overly shocked. Was she enjoying this? Kasheen thought with a smile as she crossed her legs tightly, feeling her full bladder and moist privates as her eyes lingered on Lady Claires´ behind.

*016*2016-08-29 15:47

Sorry for the long delay, here´s the final part:)

Enjoy!

Kasheen crossed her legs tightly as the sound of Alice´s hissing pee echoed through the hallway. She could feel her bladder full to the brim now and she had to move constantly to help her keep her pants dry, and from the look of things everybody had similar problems. Especially Lady Miriam, second in line now, looked in dire straits as she twisted her legs this way and that, punctuated by brief grabs between her legs accompanied by gasps and groans.

In front of her, Lord Stanley looked desperate as well but Kasheen wondered if he would be able like that, with the bulge in his crotch betraying his arousal. “Do hurry Sir I am in desperate need to relieve myself!” Lady Miriam managed as the door opened and a very relieved Alice exited, leaving the man to shuffle in, undoing his pants on the way.

Running her eyes over the rest of the line, Kasheen noticed a small wet patch on poor Margaret´s rear as she stood wiggling and almost running on the spot. Her dancing was frantic and sexy and Kasheen could barely stop herself from moaning as she watched. Between them, Lady Claire was watching the same as she waited, her bowels rumbling ominously making her flinch. “Are you alright my dear?” she asked the servant girl in a low voice, breathing heavy, as the wet patch grew slightly. “I…..I just need to go soo bad” Margaret replied, blushing furiously as she dug one hand between her legs, fighting for control over her bladder.

“This is silly” Lord Stanley mumbled, still standing in the privy trying to take a desperate pee, waiting for his arousal to subside. Finally, after 2 minutes, as he felt his erection subside, there was a frantic knock “Please Sir I cannot wait much longer…hurry!” Lady Miriam begged, frustrating his efforts. “Oh god” he groaned, the combined pressures of need and arousal almost unbearable. “I HAVE to pee” he muttered and started masturbating furiously, moaning with both pleasure and desperation.

“Why isn´t he peeing” Lady Megan sighed, stood behind Kasheen at the last place in line. She was doing a curious pee dance, first lifting one leg to press it against the other, then dropping it into almost a curtsey with her bum sticking out, then changing legs. As Kasheen watched her, they heard a stifled moan from the privy, followed after a few more moments by a relieved sigh and a loud splatter of pee. Giggling, she turned again, imagining the scene inside the toilet. Maybe desperate guys had something, too, she mused as she gave her crotch a long squeeze, noticing the wet patch on poor Margarets bum grow again at the sound.

After seeming ages, Lord Stanley finally opened the door, red-faced and was almost run over by Lady Miriam as she charged in tugging at her pants. She turned, fumbling with the latches, and those waiting outside could see a dark wet spot blossom on her crotch as she finally managed to tear them down, a fountain of pee erupting from her privates as she sat down and moaned, only realising the open door after several moments of blissful relief. “Hurry ohhh hurry” Cynthia begged as the door closed, her bum cheeks clenched as she fought her bowels, one hand pressed against her rear. Kasheen was mesmerized by her wiggling and the tight bottom and could hardly tear her gaze away.

“Ah I can´t manage this much more” Lady Sandra, second in line now, gasped and started undoing her pants to stop them from pressing on her bladders as much, immediately copied by a grateful Margaret, causing the small girls pants to slip halfway down her bum revealing her quite soaked underwear, eliciting a soft moan from Lady Claire. As Cynthia went into the privy and started to poo, Lady Miriam walked by, her pants wet in her crotch and on her bum. “I didn´t quite make it” she said with a sheepish, relieved smile and girlish giggle as she passed the gaping hostess.

After several minutes of listening to the other servant girl relieve her bowels, punctuated by moans of relief, Kasheen opened her pants as well, sighing as it reduced the pressure on her poor bladder a fraction. She closed her eyes and savoured the feeling briefly, and when she reopened them she found Lady Claire watching her. “Are you still alright my dear?” the older woman asked, her poo dance increasing in rapidity. Despite herself, Kasheen felt herself blush “Only just” she managed with a smile that turned out more like a grimace as she twisted her legs around each other. “How about you my lady?” she added after another big splatter of poo from the privy made the hostess grimace as well. “I….I am quite desperate” she said, her tensed bum wiggling and squirming as a gasp from Margaret made them look to the front.

“Nonono please no” the servant girl sobbed, both hands wedged into her crotch as she hunched over slightly, trying to fight the pee soaking through her pants at an increasing rate. With an almost guttural moan she managed to stop the flow and continued running on the spot, her pants wet almost to her knees. “Lady….could I…go first?” she begged as Cynthia left the privy. Lady Sandra stopped in the door, looking back and opened her mouth as she saw the young girl´s wet pants. For a moment she looked like she was going to step back out, but suddenly she gasped, a hand flying into her crotch as her pants fell to her ankles. “Sorry” she managed before turning and squatting, barely getting her underwear off before a thick stream of pee came hissing out of her pussy with incredible force.

“Noooo” Margaret sobbed again, the sight and sound of the Lady´s pee too much for her to bear. Lady Claire and Kasheen both stared as she hunched over again, liquid running down her legs turning the pants wet and finally, as she gave up with a groan, a stream shooting out straight through her underwear puddling under her. “Oh dear” the hostess sighed, one hand shifting to her crotch from her rear as she watched the servant girl wet herself completely.

For Kasheen, the combined sound of two ladies peeing was almost too much and she had to shove one hand under her pants to press against her pussy as she felt herself leak. “I´ll never be able to wait for another poo” she realized, able to slow but not stop leaks from escaping into her panties. “I wore modern panties!” she suddenly realized as she realized when looking at them turn wet rapidly before giggling despite her desperation. Odd what the mind focused on, she thought, watching Margaret run off leaving a trail of pee. Her eyes came to rest on Lady Claire bum and she moaned involuntarily as she watched it, tense and quivering, and she had to consciously stop herself from rubbing herself, her arousal incredible as she closed her eyes again.

“I´m afraid i´m gonna, ah, be a while” she heard the Lady say, followed by a desperate “but I can´t wait any more” from Lady Megan behind her. “Me neither.” She mumbled, opening he eyes to find Lady Claire staring intently at her crotch, breathing hard. “Why don´t you share the privy with me my dear” she said as Lady Sandra left and pulled her in, leaving Lady Megan dancing and gasping outside. “Get the door!” the lady groaned as she pulled down her clothes, pushing out a wave of soft poo as soon as she hit the seat, legs spread. Kasheen locked the door, her pants falling to the floor as she dribbled more and more, her panties soaked through.

She was about to turn back when she felt the lady pulling her backwards with one hand, the other pulling down her panties in one motion. Unable to last a second longer she gave a low moan as she started peeing forcefully a second before she sat on the Lady´s thighs, leaving against her breasts as she panted in relief. “oh gooood” she moaned, barely noticing he Lady´s trembling hands on her legs. “Thank you my Lady” she gasped as her stream died down, enjoying the blissful relief. “No, thank you my dear” the Lady mumbled into her ear. Kasheen became conscious of the womans hard nipples on her back and smiled hornily to herself. She simply HAD to cum, and she wondered if the woman was the same.

“Please hurry I´m wetting my clothing” came the whimper with some furious knocking, evoking a sharp moan from Lady Claire. “Should we let her in, I´m finished” she said, daring to reach back and touch the inside of the Ladys leg, resulting in another deep breath and a gasp of arousal. “Sorry i´m not quite done” she called and squeezed Kasheen's legs as if prompting her. Smiling, the girl turned sideways on the woman´s legs and ran her hand up into her crotch, quickly finding her moist pussy. As she touched it and gave it a few slow rubs, Lady Claire gasped and shuddered, grinding her hips almost desperately. Kasheen started rubbing more earnestly and then moaned loudly as the woman found her own aching clit, almost making her cum immediately.

For a long, pleasure filled minute they continued like that, gasping and moaning softly. “Open uuup” Lady Megan screamed suddenly, followed by the sound of pee hitting the floor, followed by a violent shudder from Lady Claire as she orgasmed. “I quite like this time” Kasheen thought before she took a long breath and moaned, an incredible orgasm overcoming her and sending her into bliss.

