Bicycle chores wank-fantasy

Author: DarkAndStormy

*000*2023-09-02 00:28

Ok so Hi...

***

Long-time lurker, feeling very sexually liberated this week, maybe something to do with an excellent new partner and (currently a little drunk) unusually confident. I've written quite a lot of smut over the years, most of it lost to time and shared to just those close to me, but I wandered back to some stuff I'd written a year or so ago for a recent previous partner to explain what I like and, having not read it since, thought this was quite hot. We're still in touch and they consented to it being shared. It contains the usual public-omo-stuff, as well as male masturbation - that's what they're into so I wrote this to appease us both. Hope you enjoy the worst corners of my fucked-up mind. I'm including the intro I sent them for some context, and have unsubtly changed some location/person info. British so pants = underwear.

***

Okay, so you said you’d be interested to read what I read when I masturbate. I said that would be embarrassing. You said I should write you something that’s a milder version. To ‘ween you into it’. We got onto discussing finding it hot describing things. I said you should try it. You did. In an airport. I’m still waiting to read the finished piece, but thought I could combine these two and write you a description of what I thought of wanking a couple of nights ago, after some texts you sent put my imagination into overdrive. And, hey, since you like the thought of my solo time, I thought I’d write a story about me actually wanking to it. Hope you like it. Sorry, this is the more out-there end of pee stuff I like. Non-bedroom. Real life. But you said you wanted to know!

***

“Btw just walking in the sun in just a dress and undies quite desperately needing to pee”, with a 3 second video clip of you in a green dress biting your lip and looking at me. I’m not gonna lie, you had my attention. Even though I’m on the sofa with family around me, I feel a twinge in my dick.

You’d been doing chores in [[[a city]]], I had asked what they were but as this scenario evolved in my mind I lost the details. You had tried a couple of different shops to print some bit of paperwork you needed, and had finally found one that would do it. In my head, you had been getting more uncomfortable as you did this after your lunchtime coffees. Keeping your eyes peeled for a public toilet as you cycled from street to street.

“Now to find a post office! Still not having peed…”, a later text reads. Okay. That’s enough. You’ve been teasing me all day with your messages. I make my excuses and retreat to the privacy of my van, lying face down on my bed, rereading the glimpses of your day that you had been sending me. I feel a bit guilty with where my mind takes me. But I can feel myself starting to get hard as I begin to embellish what is, in reality, a minor inconvenience and a bit of flirting.

Stopping your bike by the side of the road to google where an open post office might be, you’re really struggling to stand still. Your butt wiggles slightly side to side. You look into a cafe nearby, wondering if you could sneak in there, but they’re just closing up. You get on your bike and cycle along a few canal-side streets, adorned with summer flowers, crossing bridges arching over the water, enjoying the breeze and for twenty minutes or so you forget your predicament. You reach your destination on maps. Closed. As you stop riding, you realise how bad you have to pee now.

I have put my phone down by this point, undone the flies on my jeans and, lying on my side, gently started stroking my dick through my underwear. Semi erect now. And getting harder by the second. That cheeky GIF of your face burned into the back of my closed eyes. A hand slides down the front of my boxers as the other pulls off my trousers, and I kick them onto the floor. I’m sweaty already. I can smell my sweat as I roll onto my back, and think about how you’d like that smell.

You’re trying another pin on your phone, another decent distracting cycle away through the city, although this time you're less able to ignore the pressure between your legs. You pass a public toilet by a park on the other side of the road, and quickly regret not making the effort to cross over, lock up your bike and use it. This next post office doesn’t even seem to exist. Okay, one more try, then dinner and a toilet. You cycle off again. Hips moving in grey leggings (yes what you’re wearing changed but this is actually how I imagined it, although that dress would be fun also *angel emoji*) as you cross a park, thinking about the toilets that you went past…

My t-shirt is crumpled in the corner of my bed, and my pants are around my right leg, and my right hand is around my cock, my left on my phone revisiting that picture, and those simple, nonchalant messages that you didn’t know would take hold in quite the way they did. I briefly think apologies in your direction for inflicting this situation upon imaginary-you. Briefly. Very briefly. Barely enough time to adjust my hand’s position as I move it slowly backwards and forwards, shuddering slightly every time I pull my foreskin over the head of my now hard dick, pleasure overrunning the guilt.

Thank fuck. This post office is open. You lock up your bike and cross the road. You join the queue and realise how much cycling had been a distraction. Or maybe it had been the pressure of the bike seat between your legs. You smile as you wonder if I’d be enjoying your situation. You consider texting me, but decide you’ll do it later. Too uncomfortable to fish your phone out of your bag. Looking forward, there’s a lot of people in line in the shabby, drab, washed out post office, bathed in ugly strip-light light. A lot. You subtly squeeze your thighs together and wonder if you could make it to the front of the line, or if actually wetting yourself is a possibility.

I’m seriously turned on now. My hand is moving faster, my palm sweaty, or maybe it’s my penis, and starting to slide a little. My hips are moving in time with my hand. My other strokes down my chest, over my stomach, and gently touches my balls before putting pressure on my perineum. My eyes are still closed.

I stop for a second and take my hair out of its bun and it falls around my head on my pillow. Switching hands, I put my right hand behind my head. I squeeze my cock slightly with a stroke and feel a bead of precome roll over my thumb and down my shaft, disappearing into my pubes.

One coffee with lunch would have been plenty for you. And that glass of water was just silly. You try to distract yourself reading some signs, but are increasingly aware that after a few minutes the queue has hardly moved. You try to keep still, not wanting your desperation to be obvious to the other customers. They might not have guessed what was up. But to me your weight shifting back and forth from foot to foot would have made it obvious that you were seriously considering leaving the queue to cycle back to that public toilet.

After a few more minutes your decision is made for you. Your little dance suddenly stops. You tense, and you feel your underwear get slightly wet between your legs. There is no way you are making it to the front of this queue. Hoping no one noticed, you bolt for the door, shoving the letter into your bag as you dart across the street.

I have to stop for a second at this point. My dick is so hard, throbbing with my rapid heartbeat, both my hands wiping sweat from my brow as I breath through pursed lips, trying to calm down. I take a second to text you back. Reality and fantasy have diverged at this point. “A bit late to the train station so still didnt manage to pee..hope theres a toilet onboard..”

As I grind myself slowly against the sheet on my bed, both hands occupied messaging you, I hope the deterioration in your grammar is a sign of your discomfort in real life. My fantasies drift to you in that dress on a train for a few moments, but quickly return to the scenario that you’re slowly acting out in my brain.

Frantically fumbling with your keys and your lock in your desperation, you are finding it so much harder than normal. The battle takes your mind away from your bladder and you pee again, feeling your pants get wetter, and hoping it hasn’t reached your leggings. You decide to head back to the loos that you had seen, and get on your bike.

Cycling brings some relief, and you think of me again. You can’t wait to tell me that you actually peed a little bit, before finally making it to a toilet. You decide that you’ll do it with a selfie of you peeing. You might even include the wet patch on your white cotton panties (yup it’s my fantasy, I can choose your underwear too), if you were feeling confident. And if I had been good.

I’m close. I’m biting my left forearm like I do when I need a distraction, when it’s all too much. It’s what’s stopping me from coming. My other hand moves slowly up and down my dick, I’m determined to get to the end of this fantasy. My back is arching. The sweat on my chest is beading in my chest hair.

You cycle as fast as you can while remaining sitting down. The bike seat is helping. But also… is it feeling nice? Are you really enjoying the thought of me enjoying your situation that much? You stop at the bike racks by the toilets ten minutes later, so happy to have made it. But the evening’s getting on and there’s a queue for the ladies going out of the door now. Fuck. Why are there so many queues tonight?

Another queue? Really, how literarily imaginative. My scorn for my own plot buys me a few seconds. I smirk, and turn my mind back to you. My hips now doing most of the moving, pushing my dick through my almost stationary hand. A fleeting thought of your face as you ride me in that position, your brown hair meshing with mine, your boobs moving as we fuck…

You know you won’t make it if you try and wait it out. You stay on your bike as you consider your options, then head towards a more quiet corner of the park, where some bushes might provide enough cover…

My teeth leave my forearm and leave my mouth free to moan, and my hand free to stroke my chest hair like you do. My other hand grips harder, and moves faster.

By the time you reach the corner of the park you’ve peed some more. You’re aware that anyone looking would see the dark patch on the grey material covering your bum. You cross your legs tightly as you lower your bike to the grass, and rush into the bushes.

I am past the point of no return. I groan your name then bite my arm again, hard. It feels so nice. Everything feels so nice.

As you look around to make sure you’re hidden, piss starts to make rivers that run down your legs. You decide you don’t care if anyone sees, and you’re peeing as you pull your leggings down.

I start to come. My whole body quivers and writhes as my hand moves in fast, purposeful strokes.

You squat down and try to slow your stream as you frantically grapple with your pants, peeing through them until you manage to pull them out of the way.

Come squirts from my dick to my chest in bursts, as i arch my back and slow my hand.

You piss onto the ground. Fuck it feels amazing.

I keep coming, hold my hand still and inhale, more semen entwines with my body hair.

It slows down as you look at the dark patch on the crotch and butt of your white knickers. The thighs of your grey leggings.

I breath deeply as my orgasm slows, jizz covering my chest and stomach, starting to drip down onto the bed.

“Oh fuck,” you say to yourself as you finish peeing, “how the fuck am I going to deal with this?”

“Oh fuck,” I say to myself, looking at the amount of come on me, on my bed, “how the fuck am I going to deal with this?”

***

Okay, so that was a lot more detail than I was planning on giving. But I got quite into it. I’m pretty hard. But, I guess, you wanted to know what I like. That’s a more out-there corner of my fantasies. Sorry for being so mean to imaginary-you. Don’t worry, no one saw and you had a change of clothes in your panniers. Good night beautiful xxx

