Barista Struggle - Short

Author: Dimwitrolo

*000*2019-06-21 00:11

I knew I had to go for ages - I really should have went on my break - but I thought there'd be time later.

But as my luck would have it, this was one of the busiest days I've ever worked.

Customer after customer, no time to get away for even a second.

My team leader was busy next to me, serving as quickly as she could, customer after customer, as my aching bladder got fuller and fuller - tighter and tighter with each passing minute.

But I couldn't show it - I had to smile, stand straight and serve as best I could. But that wasn't the hard part.

Coffee. That was the hard part.

Watching each espresso drip into each cup, dripping and splashing.

Pouring milk into each jug, each time - watching the bottles as they emptied, and feeling a pang of jealousy each time one emptied out entirely.

Because my poor bladder meanwhile was begging for release.

As time went on, it got harder and harder to hold - but the customers didn't let up.

I was stuck to the till, not even a minute away from the bathroom. But I couldn't go. I couldn't leave my team leader on her own.

So I put on a brave face, and I keep serving, ignoring the desperate calls from my bladder, begging to be let go.

It felt like hours - customer after customer.

No time to escape, no time to duck behind the counter - and all the mean time, I had to keep a straight face.

But eventually, the queue died down - slowly but surely, until there was one customer remained.

But my bladder wasn't going to wait for one customer.

I stood on the spot, aching and trying my best to hide my need to go, sweat running down my face.

Wave after desperate wave from my bladder until...

A leak.

I had to respond - I felt my body jolt on the spot as my bladder began to give way - there was nothing I could do!

But it wouldn't be long now...I just had to serve this last customer and then...Four more walked in.

It was hopeless, and I knew it.

And as another hot jet hit the insides of my thighs, It was safe to say my bladder knew it too.

I couldn't grab myself - I couldn't make a scene and embarrass myself or my team leader.

So what could I do?

As the next customer stepped to the till, I relaxed.

I felt my body thank me immediately with a hot shiver of relief up my spine.

At the same time, I was immediately aware of a hot burst in my underwear as my bladder began to drain itself into them.

$$

My face went bright red as I do my best to look natural as I ask the customer what I can get for him. He casts me an odd look as I blush, but he's nonetheless completely unaware that I'm currently emptying my bladder as we talk.

I hope.

From my side I can hear it splash onto the floor, and I can just about make out a hiss as it floods out of me.

I can certainly feel the warmth as it blossoms out of my groin, spreads down my thighs, calves, and eventually shoes, where it soaks in.

I have to stand still now - every single movement makes my shoes squish as warm pee saturates them.

All the while, I'm trying to keep a casual smile as I serve the gentleman on the other side of the till.

From the corner of my eye, I can see that my team leader has noticed - she's gone red herself as she watches me having my accident.

I continue to serve the customer, directing him to enter his card into our machine, enter his PIN, and wait for the receipt. As I bend down to pick the receipt out the machine I take a look at the damage - the puddle beneath me - my soaked jeans, and my once-white shoes. I feel myself go even redder as I stand back up, handing the receipt back to the customer. He smiles at me and walks out.

And as if fate itself was mocking me personally, the queue is gone.

I'm left stood alone at the till, still emptying my bladder, as my team leader watches.

It barely lasted a minute, but it felt like an hour as I was stood there, waiting for my bladder to finally finish.

I stand in the puddle for a moment, letting my jeans cool down, and letting my face grow even redder, knowing that I'll eventually have to turn around and look my team leader in the eyes.

