Target employee desperation

Author: daniel2

*000*2019-08-15 06:10

It was a busy day at target for Maria. She was on her feet all day helping out customers on the sales floor, as well as organizing the shelves and making sure the displays look good. She been drinking out of her water battle throughout her shift and she had a coffee 2 hours before hand during her lunch break.

Maria is a short brown mexican girl with black hair. She is slim but with a round butt. She was wearing the standard target uniform which is a red shirt and khaki pants.

She finished downing her water bottle but her urge to pee didn't really hit that hard yet. Her shift ends at 6pm and it was already close to 4. She did feel a bit uncomfortable after all that water and coffee. Including the fact that she didn't pee since she woke up this morning.

So she decided to go downstairs and run to the restroom real quick. As she was going down on the escalator, one of her managers was waiting for her.

"Maria, micheal here is assigned for cashier but he hasn't had any cashier training can you help him out?"

Maria felt another twinge in her bladder. But she didn't want to say no, she had to help out the trainees, especially considering the fact that there was only one other register open and they need at least two so the lines won't get so bad.

"Sure thing"

"Ok well micheal leaves at 5 so the training will be for an hour, I'm pretty sure he'll get the hang of it"

Maria didn't feel the need to go that bad. Just slight discomfort.

"I can get through this, at 5 I will just close the register and go pee, I'm pretty sure another one will open up" Maria thought to herself.

So she was standing next to micheal as she explained the scanning and bagging process as they both checked out several customers. Micheal was struggling a bit at first but after a few minutes he was getting the hang of it.

30 minutes into this, maria felt more discomfort in her bladder. She was fidgeting as well bobbing up and down on the spot.

They kept bagging, scanning and ringing up customers.

It was 4:45 Maria felt a throbbing pain. She was fidgeting even more and shaking up and down with more intensity as they were quickly bagging and scanning.

4:55 a tiny spurt came out of her urethra. She leaked a little bit but it was no bigge. Or so she thought. It was 5 more minutes till micheal leaves and the training is over. She was breathing a little more heavily.

5:00

Micheal left to clock out. He did notice maria's need but didn't say anything. He waved goodbye and went to clock out.

Maria turned off the sign for the cashier line. There was a few customers there.

"Ok this register is going to close please line up at-"

She was interrupted by one of her coworkers.

"Manager says to stay at the register until the end of your shift"

That was until 6pm! She still had to deal with the agony for another 6 hours.

She crossed her legs and bit her lip. She leaked a little more.

"O-ok"

She turned on the lights for that cashier line.

"Nevermind we the line will stay here"

The customers scrambled a bit in order to get on the same line again.

She was shaking up and down while biting her lip as she kept ringing up more and more customers.

She kept making that "Tsss" Sound throughout.

A few drops kept coming out. And she briefly crossed her legs and then uncrossed them.

At this point the customers started to notice her predicament.

Every now and then even the products were mocking her.

Everyday stuff that you won't bat an eye at was pure torture as it reminded her of her need. Like big packs of toilet paper, diapers, water gallons, water bottles.

5:25

She was ringing up a customer who had a few things. He was drinking from a water bottle. It was those that you squeeze into your mouth as well. She kept trying not to look as the water squirted into his mouth.

"Oh sorry I got thirsty, can you ring this up as well, im not trying to steal water or anything"

Maria was breathing heavily, she was breathing deeply. Her cheeks were flustered as she was breathing so hard her cheeks were doing that bloated breathing thing you do to deal with pain.

She briefly got through her agonizing trance

"It's ok I can ring it up"

She finished ringing him up and bagged all his items and gave him his receipt.

The line felt like it wasn't get any shorter, in fact it felt like it got even longer.

5:35

She kept doing that "tsss" Sound as her legs were shaking. She couldn't stand still at this point.

Her legs kept moving around but she still fought the urge to just run off as she kept ringing up customers.

5:40 her legs were locked tight

Her eyes were starting to tear up.

She had a spurt of pee go through her urethra and it stained her panties. She didn't know of she was gonna make it. She ran towards the cashier behind her.

"H-hey do you know if you can cover me for 5 minutes"

She said with a strain in her voice. She leaked a little more

"Sorry im busy, you just have to wait until someone from the sales floor comes by, or you can radio a manager or something."

Maria crossed her legs and put her hands in her crotch. She didn't even care anymore.

She spoke into her walkie talkie.

"Hey can we get a manager or anyone to assist me in register 7 please?"

She waddled back to her register as a concerned customer was waiting for her.

"Are you ok?"

"Y-yea I'm fine"

Maria forced a laugh as another leak came out.

She ringed out that customer.

She had quite a few things

5:45

Her walkie had a response

"Sorry we are busy here, but you can hold on for a bit right?"

"Sure thing"

Maria was almost in tears.

Her bladder felt like it was the size of a watermelon.

She was shaking as she forced herself to ring up more customers.

5:52

She put both hands on her register and bent down while biting her lip. There was a few customers left. It was starting to slow down. And she was leaving in a few minutes.

She had yet another spurt. Her panties were wet at this point. Her forehead was covered in sweat. She kept ringing up the last customers with her sheer power of will. She was openly pee dancing while she was finishing her last customers.

6:00

Another leak. She had a wet patch in her crotch. She saw the time and turned off the sign for the cashier line. But there was one last customer left. He had some paper towels, chips, juice, and just her luck toilet paper.

"Ok we are closed everyone"

"You are still ringing me up right"

"Y-yea" She whinced as she the toilet paper. Oh how she fantasized about the relief she can feel in a bathroom.

She quickly rang the guy up, scanned, bagged the goods, and he was ready to pay.

"Card declined"

Maria was sweating, she couldn't handle this pain anymore.

She was on the verge of tears. She leaked again but she crossed her legs so he won't see the wetness.

"Oh sorry this is an old card, forgot to throw it out, let me try this one"

Maria felt like the world was torturing her at this point.

But the card worked!

She gave him the reciept and quickly signed out of her register.

Maria made a maddash for the employee room. She saw a line of people clocking out. Her manager was there too. She leaked again. The bathroom was across the hall. She was about to run for it but as she was running, her manager grabbed her arm.

"You have to clock out first, don't run off like that"

Maria bent down and gasped for air. She was in excruciating pain and the bathroom was so close. Now she had to wait to clock out.

6:08

It was her turn to clock out. Her hands were shaking. Its as if her entire body was filled with pee and her cognitive functions weren't even functional.

She struggled to put the buttons right and made a mistake.

She had to put her code again as she was grabbing her crotch.

She had a big noticable wet patch at this point.

Another spurt.

She put in the code.

It worked.

She dashed across the hall to the bathroom.

It was locked.

"Locked for cleaning" The sign said.

Maria was in tears, she was feeling dizzy, she wanted to throw up. Her bladder was giving out. The pee was starting to flow through her khakis. She ran to the men's room.

"What the fuck"

One of her coworkers shouted

She didn't care. She locked herself in of the stalls, pulled her pants and panties down at superhuman speed, and peed for what it seemed to be several minutes.

The absolute bliss. It felt like an orgasm or something close to it. The pee kept flowing into the bowl endlessly. Her eyes rolled back at how amazing it felt. Her mouth agaped. She didn't care that she was in the men's room. She didn't care that her panties and khakis were wet from earlier.

She finished up and washed her hands. The guy was gone, bathroom was empty.

Her pants were still wet. But thankfully she had some shorts in her bag in her locker.

*003*2019-08-15 19:01

{{2 hours ago, peeople said:

Thank you for your story.This story is too true.

Before the cashier girls are hired by the supermarket they will be reminded that they will not have a chance to tuse he toilet during work and that they must control their urine in my hometown.

}}

Really that's true? How do you know? Have you seen a desperate female cashier before?

*005*2019-08-16 13:22

{{15 hours ago, peeople said:

Yes.

Every Wednesday is a supermarket discount day.every hours are rush hours

Female cashier have no time to use toilet. if she cannot hold it she will lost job.

They are reminded before hired,Bosses only hire big bladder girls

}}

On those Wednesdays have you seen a desperate girl? How do you know about that rule about having to hold it in? Who told you?

*007*2019-08-16 23:10

{{5 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

Rofl, yeah sure.

Get the job, be denied the toilet for lots of hours, sue the boss, get the free cash.

Easy money.

}}

He does not live in the west.

*008*2019-09-23 16:24

I cant edit an old post. It says she had to hold it for 6 hours, it was actually one more hour.


