All Tied Up

Author: desperatefairy

*000*2019-02-24 09:01

An elven boy gets stuck in a hunter's trap. Blink-and-you'll-miss-it gay themes. If people like it maybe I'll write more with these characters.

###

Aidan got up at the crack of dawn to begin gathering herbs. As the lone alchemist for his tiny elvish village, it was important he stocked up on supplies before most others were awake, in case they needed him for something urgent. He slung his quarterstaff and his satchel over his back and set out into the woods.

It was a nice day out, despite it being overcast. Aidan breathed in the forest air, the pleasant scents of flowers and herbs carried on the breeze. He knelt down beside a creek and scooped a few handfuls of fresh, cool water into his mouth, savoring the sensation of it running down his throat. After a few moments, he continued down the path.

Having spotted a patch of herbs he hadn't harvested from in some time, he crouched down and picked a few of the ripest leaves, placing them carefully into his satchel. Once he was satisfied with his collection, he stood back up to continue on his routine journey - and yelped in surprise.

He heard the sound of his quarterstaff clattering to the ground first, and then felt his feet leave the earth as he was yanked into the air. It took him a few moments to put together what had happened - he had been caught in one of the hunters' traps, and was now suspended helplessly from a tree bough. The ropes had him bound uncomfortably, with little room to move around his limbs, and being suspended made them constrict harshly into his midsection. He threw his own weight around and kicked his legs in the hopes of either freeing himself or breaking the tree bough, but the binds only grew tighter, and the hunter had selected a strong limb. He was stuck here until one of them came out to check the traps.

Aidan sighed heavily. He tried a few times in vain to drift off to sleep to make the time go by faster, but the trap was too uncomfortable to get any rest in, and with nothing else to focus on, he was becoming increasingly aware of something else: his bladder. He normally didn't need to pay it much mind on these trips, since he would either wait until he returned home or relieve himself in the cover of some bushes if he needed to go badly enough. From where he was hanging, he could see a perfect spot, so close, if only he could move.

He pressed his legs together, whining. He wasn't desperate yet, but it was bad enough he couldn't think of much else, though he tried. Just a little longer and someone had to come by.

Hours passed uneventfully, but the longer it went without anyone showing up, the worse it got. Aiden crossed and uncrossed his legs as best as he could in the tight bonds, but he was full to bursting. He'd have been holding himself if his arms weren't tied. Just a little longer, he kept telling himself, but it had been just a little longer a hundred times over. The ropes straining against him had grown painful, and letting to go was beginning to become a tempting option. He knew his clothing would be soaked and gross, but at least the pain would be gone.

He was only a few moments short of giving up when he heard a voice in the near distance say, "What the hell is that?"

Instantly, he perked up. One of the hunters! "Nell!" he called out. "Can you help me down, please? I'm stuck."

Nell laughed. "Those traps are for animals, I'd have figured no elf would miss them. I dunno, you look nice all tied up there, pretty boy."

"Please, I've been here for hours. I, uh, really have to-"

"Alright, alright, I won't let you piss yourself." Nell grabbed a strand of rope to cut it, and...

The rope dug into Aiden's gut, and he lost control. He felt a warmth spread around his crotch, then down his legs, dripping down seeping into the ground below him. Tears welled up in his eyes. He was humiliated, but god, it felt good. Nell's face was flushed a deep red. Was it wrong if he was enjoying this?

When the flow stopped, Nell finished cutting him down. He collapsed pathetically to his knees, tears dribbling off his face and his pants dark from the wetness. Nell helped him up, handing him his staff, and tied his own thin jacket around his waist. "Sorry about that, Aidan. I won't tell anyone, okay? If anyone asks, you fell in the creek."

Aidan wiped the tears from his face. "Thank you." Maybe he would keep the apothecary closed today.

