The Fire That Burns In Her Soul

Author: Daredare205

*000*2025-05-12 01:09

This will be a long story with multiple parts. This first part will be entirely worldbuilding and will not contain any omorashi. Whether you see it as a letdown or a buildup, I'll be happy to read your comments and feedback!

The forest once again seemed to whisper to Roxy as she took her morning stroll. She touched the Fireseed blossoms, saw how they seemed to move of their own will separate from the gentle breeze, and while she did see their gentle glow, it was what she felt from them during the glow that she was interested in. For some reason, certain parts of the forest always seemed to reach out to her... There was no way for her to really explain it, her parents told her it was the strong connection to nature that runs in the family, but she knew it was more than that. Many others had this connection, but none of them truly felt the world the way she did. The pull of nature was strong. Everyone connected to nature felt it, and everyone kept telling her that her "powers" were just her being overly fixated on these rather standard abilities.

Today, Roxy had been told by one of her friends that the last person to talk of such unusual abilities had never been seen again after causing a stir, so it was probably in Roxy's best interest to keep her mouth shut. This only made Roxy more curious and she decided to talk to the elders of the nearby village known as Lyren's Rest. At lunch break when her parents were distracted, she slipped away into the trees.

She took one final look back, seeing her home village built into the trees grow smaller and smaller as she navigated the jagged terrain of the crumbling rocky hillside. Her lavender eyes, with their signature upright pupils, scanned the terrain and kept her from stepping on anything sharp without her even thinking about it. A rock fell from where she had just taken a step forward, and her fluffy ears rotated like satellite dishes as she tracked the rock's descent to the bottom of the hill where it crashed into the collection of many previous rocks to meet the same fate... A fate she really did not want to find out for herself.

She continued to put one foot in front of the other, and before she knew it, she had reached the bottom without a single injury! Her long, skinny legs moved forward again as she moved towards the hill just to the west. Unlike the village she grew up in, Lyren's Rest was not constructed among the trees, but rather built up from the ground. She found the concept rather strange... When there's all those trees already there, why not just build walkways throughout the forest canopy? Why would anyone choose to build a village on the ground? The question was one of many she had at the moment. Her senses had long since extended into the pit full of fallen rocks. Luckily, she had not found even a trace of a psychic presence, not even the disturbance left behind after death.

She could eliminate one worry from her head: the previous person who disappeared after boasting about unique abilities had not met their end by falling into the rock pit, and she had also dodged the cruel possibility. She wondered if she was following the footsteps of the previous person who had disappeared, or if she was just feeling some strange pull that had started her journey to the village of stone structures built up from the ground: Lyren's Rest. Speaking of which, who exactly was Lyren? A person, an old god, some sort of spirit? None of the texts available at the local enchanter's office had answered her question... Not that she was allowed to venture to an enchanter's office anyway, but somehow she never got caught like everyone else did...

Roxy realized she had stopped walking and was reminiscing on old memories... Was her mind doing this as a way to say goodbye to her life at Fireseed Heights? She didn't have an answer. She simply resumed putting one foot in front of the other. Before she knew it, she had reached the ley line known as Moonkindle's Stride. Unlike her peers, Roxy did not receive a boost to her senses or abilities from the local ley lines. She once again found herself paused, remembering the magic battle in which Strab had struck her in the cheek with a concentrated wind spell and knocked her onto her rear, ending the match and declaring her the loser.

She remembered how out of place she had felt... How cruel was it that she was the only one to lose every single match due to a lack of compatibility with local ley line flows as her instructor had described it. In reality, she was sure the world simply loved her in ways others did not understand, but that hadn't stopped her from lying awake many nights wondering if the world secretly hated her and had just gotten tired of keeping its mouth shut.

Before she knew it, the curtain of evening was beginning to fall and the sun was slowly setting. She felt the coolness on her chest and stomach, and her body began to ramp up heat production. She never understood why the markings on her wrists changed depending on her physical condition and surroundings... It had gotten chilly, and here they were, shaping themselves into chevrons with embers above them, and suddenly she was no longer chilled. Had she picked something up from the ley line and not realized it?

Strangely, despite evening beginning to lead into night, she did not feel tired. Come to think of it, she hadn't eaten anything since sneaking away at noon, and she was not hungry or thirsty either. This must be what her teacher referred to as the call, a unique experience characterized by a lack of understanding and a complete ignorance to normal bodily needs. According to her teacher, when one experiences the call, it means their life is about to change forever. She had hoped this would happen to her sooner or later... She only had two friends that kept her protected from the bullies she had dealt with her entire life, and those friends were in a village she no longer called home as of noon this same day.

Her eyes widened as she saw something in the distance... A flicker, too natural to be artificial, but too consistent to be natural. Its color held a warmth, almost like fire, but there was something more. Roxy felt her body moving for her as she snuck between the trees, inching closer to the strange object. The air held a gentle hush. A reverent stillness that marked the beginning of the moon's influence on spell craft as the white orb appeared from behind clouds hanging just above the horizon.

That's when she saw the figure walking from the warm light to another of the strange devices in the distance. Her silhouette cut a striking figure in the soft gloom: tall and ageless, cloaked in a deep violet shawl embroidered with silver thread that caught the dimming light like strands of starlight. Her feline ears twitched gently, stirred by the rustle of twilight winds and the sleepy murmurs of the nearby woods. Her long, raven-black braid, shot through with glints of silver like frost on midnight silk, rested over one shoulder, swaying with each gentle step.

In her left hand, she held a slender wand made of a strange wooden material that seemed to gather moonlight and had obsidian based gems included in its construction, but it was in her right hand, the one she kept bare despite the evening chill, where the magic truly stirred. She paused before the next lantern, an old iron thing hanging from a twisted oak branch. Her golden, slitted eyes narrowed slightly as the moonlight around her wand seem to become focused. She lifted her hand, fingers curling as delicately as a dancerâ€™s, and drew in a single breath. Then came the spell: a whisper, so soft it barely stirred the air. Roxy couldn't quite hear what chants the spell was made of.

A flicker like the glint in a catâ€™s eye danced across her palm. It hovered there, suspended between the tips of her fingers, a pale blue flame that pulsed like a heartbeat. With a small smile, she extended her hand toward the lantern. The flame leapt forward eagerly, coiling through the air like a will-oâ€™-the-wisp, and kissed the wick with a purring flicker. The lantern bloomed to life. The flame wasnâ€™t orange or gold but a cool, silvery hue that shimmered with lavender undertones. It was a light that carried warmth like pleasant memories. It didnâ€™t cast harsh shadows but instead gently coaxed the darkness into retreat, leaving behind only peace.

*001*2025-05-12 15:22

The moon was rising in the sky as Roxy first felt it. It didn't take any sort of extra senses to notice that she was being watched. The lady that had lit the lanterns had returned to her shop, then came back out and was currently inspecting the sidewalks. Somehow, Roxy felt this was odd. And it wasn't just the old lady that lit the lanterns... Many of the people of Lyren's Rest, some of which Roxy could feel near limitless magic from, were outside making themselves appear busy with basic tasks while sneaking looks in Roxy's direction. Perhaps she should just introduce herself? No, that would be reckless. Roxy wasn't stupid. The amount of magic held by the gigantic man with the boar like tusks, massive body and rock solid frame told her it probably wasn't the best idea to make the first move. So she continued observing, slipping between the trees when she felt the sensation of being watched pause for brief moments.

One thing was for sure, Lyren's Rest had a lot of rather sturdy magic items, and the way the magic flowed through the area felt dense like a ley line... This seemed odd, considering the fact that there were no ley lines close enough to Lyren's Rest to provide such a potent charge. Roxy continued observing. The village kept silently observing Roxy as she remained in the trees.

As gently as the fog that was slowly setting as it neared midnight, a figure stepped out of one of a large stone building nestled underneath a large juniper tree which had wrapped its roots around the base of the building as if claiming the structure as its own. As the figure stepped forward into the light of the lanterns, Roxy was able to make out her basic features. She had a wide brimmed hat that allowed her canine ears to poke through as they quickly locked onto Roxy's location. She wore a tailored green coat over her lean frame, with bark colored suede patches at the elbows that appeared to use some sort of silver silky substance as thread. Her fluffy auburn tail swished behind her in sync with her purposeful stride.

She paused as she reached a crosswalk, looking both directions despite nobody else being at the intersection of what appeared to be two large paths made out of a brick-like material. Roxy caught the golden flecks in the lady's chestnut eyes as the lady flicked her fingers, causing the shudders on her shop to instantly snap shut with a gentle thud. The lady continued walking down the path, or perhaps some sort of shipping lane? Roxy really sure what such a construct would be called. The lady neared the end of the path, looked directly at Roxy with a warm, welcoming smile, then sat down and crossed her legs. She reached out as if interacting with something, and a pack of canine looking creatures appeared, almost like some sort of less dangerous version of the wolves that roam the forests at night. That was another thing Roxy found to be strange... She had walked such a long distance through two different forests and a grassy plain in between, yet she had not seen any wildlife.

Before Roxy could finish her thought, one of the canine creatures vanished, then appeared next to Roxy. Roxy instinctively flinched, drawing claws as her body readied itself to leap into the treetops, but the creature simply tilted its head and let out a gentle whine. Something between a psychic presence and magic energy flowed into Roxy, showing her the creature's mission to introduce itself to Roxy, and bring her safely to the lady that had summoned the pack of fanged wisps. Through this silent, timeless interaction between minds and souls, Roxy learned that the lady was named Scarlet Daisytrot.

Scarlet was a wandmaker and caretaker of the northern gardens, which Roxy had gotten rather close to without even realizing it. What confused and intrigued Roxy was the fanged wisp's use of "daughter of the forest" when referring to Roxy, despite Roxy having known parents and blood connections to what was her tribe only hours earlier. Roxy attempted to inform the fanged wisp that she was the daughter of a woodworker and a historian, but the wisp did not listen to her claims. It never told Roxy that she was incorrect or misinformed, but something told her that the creature knew more about her than she did.

Roxy followed the creature back towards Scarlet, who was waiting patiently with her tail doing something between a gentle wag and an excited swish. She lady asked Roxy what a daughter of the forest was doing all the way out here. Roxy just looked at Scarlet, returning the lady's question with her own question. She asked Scarlet what she meant by "daughter of the forest". Unfortunately, Scarlet could not directly answer that question, as it was not her place to direct such powerful and ancient beings. Roxy assured the lady that she was only 26 years old, but this seemed to fall on deaf ears. With nothing else to do, Roxy followed the strange lady into the village of Lyren's Rest.

Magic tools were everywhere. Some were simple like heating stones that made water boil, while others were more complex like the devices that were spinning thread into some sort of decorative cloth. Before she knew it, Roxy was being given items that looked and felt both ancient and overwhelmingly powerful. The townspeople were approaching her with respect, bowing to her, and placing the items upon her. It only took a few minutes for her to be completely covered with everything from impossibly soft gloves that offered heat and cold protection to a large hat with red spikes on it that offered protection from any and all airborne attacks. This had to be a dream. Only a dream could be so impossibly strange.

That's when the ground lit up. Roxy saw the world around her vanish. Suddenly, she was in a completely different world. Gone were the magical items and ley lines, and instead there was a dark path with white lines on its edges and two parallel yellow lines running down the center. There was a sound in the distance, some kind of mechanical roar. Roxy's ears rotated like satellite dishes as she attempted to locate the source of the sound. Before she knew anything about what was going on, two bright lights blinded her as her entire body was bathed in some sort of artificial light that cut through the midnight darkness like a flash of lightning that only grew brighter as it got closer.

Something roared, some kind of horn with mechanical undertones. Roxy was blinded by the light and overwhelmed by the onslaught of sounds as the massive machine came to an abrupt stop just inches in front of her. She looked up, seeing metal that had been refined into a dark blue with shiny silver outlines. It looked like a gate with a word in the middle... MACK... What did that mean? A large piece of metal swung outwards from the side of the machine and a creature stepped out onto the dark path. Roxy lowered her hand slightly, attempting to adjust to the light and get a good look at the creature. It was tall and upright, much like her own race, but notably lacked any distinctive features that would show any connection to nature.

"Are you trying to get yourself killed?!" The creature called out in a deep, commanding voice.

Roxy instinctively drew claws and raised her hands to protect her face, but no magic attack came her way. The creature seemed to pause, looking at Roxy with confusion. It walked closer, showing the dark blue fabric covering its legs and red shirt with some sort of pattern on it. She looked up to see its face, masculine and commanding, topped by a red hat that simply said MACK... What did that word mean?

*004*2025-05-12 21:57

{{5 hours ago, warham1995 said:

This is a interesting story so far, also it is better to worldbuild before the omorashi begins.

}}

I appreciate the feedback ðŸ˜ƒ

{{2 hours ago, plas broek said:

I'm curious to see where this story will go, both omorashi and story-wise.

}}

I'm glad to see we're all excited! This is a spin on an old idea that just kinda fizzled out, so I'm retrying with slightly different circumstances. The old story was just "oh hey she's different", this one I'm focusing on what makes her different, and why that's important.

*005*2025-05-12 23:02

Roxy wasn't sure what it was, but something told her to leap to the side, so she did. She landed on all fours just beside the white lines on the dark pathway, just out of the way of a metal machine traveling at irresponsible speeds. Her ears attempted to understand the sounds... Some kind of metallic roar... Something screeching...

Then it simply vanished into the distance as it maintained its impossible speed. Roxy wondered why the smaller machine did not have the lights that the larger machine did, but that thought was quickly pushed aside when she saw the creature that had scared her just a moment prior, now sitting in front of his massive machine, fiddling with his knee. She could not feel any psychic presence from the strange man, but she understood injury just fine. She didn't know why she was about to help the man that had terrified her only moments prior, but here she was, walking towards him and noticing the pained, angry, confused look on his face. She stopped a few steps in front of the man and placed her hand in front of her.

While she did not chant, she recited the actions in her head: gather the forest's energies, guide the pleasant sensation from her chest into her arm, twist it and form a curved net, then reach out beyond her physical hand and apply the netting to the injury. The energy she received from the forest was very different than what she was used to, and she wondered if maybe she should stop, but she couldn't help but notice the complete lack of negative energy in the flow that had gathered within her. She continued to twine the net and began to shape it in her inner world. She looked at the man before her, who was looking at her with a confused expression. She reached out, not with her hand, but with the energy she had twined into a bandage made of the energy of nature. The bandage was significantly more potent than she had expected, resulting in the man nearly instantly jumping to his feet and examining his body before asking the inevitable question... "What did you do?"

"I uh..." Roxy wondered if she should explain this to the strange creature... What if he was a spy from the northern factions? What if he would be hostile once he learned of her abilities? "I just... uh..." What if he would try to capture her? But if she continued to say nothing, this stalemate would last forever... "I asked the forest for help."

The man just looked at her. A combination of amazement and curiosity flashed in his eyes. Roxy continued to look at the man for a moment, before her attention was pulled to a strange, frightening sound in the distance. Sets of wails, high pitched, then slightly lower but still ear piercing, then high again, then lower again, over and over and over... And they were getting louder. The trees began to reflect sets of reds and blues. A different mechanical roar this time... Low and angry, like it was after something that had wronged it. An entire armada broke the darkness, bathing the entire area in blues and reds as one giant machine after another angrily charged through the area, disappearing into the distance as their screams and flashes now tormented a different area.

"What were those... things? They were huge!" Roxy said it before she realized she was asking the man who had just terrified her... Maybe she felt comfortable after seeing the way he looked at her after receiving her healing?

"SWAT cars." The man said, pressing his fingers onto a glowing rectangle he had pulled from some sort of opening in his pants.

"SWAT... Cars..." Roxy said the words over and over again, but it didn't explain any of what had just happened... "What does that mean?"

The man put his glowing rectangle back in the opening in the side of his pants. "You're not from around here, are you?" The question seemed to catch Roxy off guard. She had believed she was about to receive an answer, but here she was, expected to answer his question instead.

"No... I'm not. In fact, I don't know where I'm at. I've never seen anything like this... This path. Is this path built specifically for large machines like yours?"

The man didn't say anything for a moment. Roxy could see the telltale signs of someone trying to explain something to someone they knew wouldn't understand. It was at this moment that she realized she wasn't just lost in a sense of location... She was lost in every sense of the word. No idea where she was, what world she was in, or why the strange creatures of this world lacked everything that made her world exciting...

"Machines like mine..." The man paused for a moment... "This machine is called a semi truck, or an eighteen-wheeler. It moves heavy cargo from one place to another." The man paused again, noticing the look he was receiving from Roxy. For the first time, he realized something important... She wasn't wearing a costume, the upright pupils in her eyes had changed size as her attention locked onto him and had narrowed when she had placed her hand between her face and the flashing lights from the SWAT cars, her ears locked onto him when he spoke and moved with her emotions, and her tail had behaved much like a housecat. He was being looked up to by an excited student in her first day in school. "And yes, this path is built for these machines to be able to drive around. These paths are called roads, and there are many of them scattered around the entire world. All you need is a map, and the roads will take you anywhere."

"So then where are you going? Is it near Fireseed Heights or Lyren's Rest? I could even find my way back from the Lightlily plains if needed, although I'd rather not have to walk that far..." Roxy's words trailed off, her mind not sure if these words made any sense to the man in front of her.

"No." The word hit Roxy like a punch to the gut. Despite asking where the man was going, she remained completely and utterly lost. "But if you're planning on just standing in the road, it would be much safer to give you a ride to town. Hop in my truck, we'll be there in a few hours."

The man stood up and walked to the opposite side of the truck from where he had stepped out. He pressed something and a large chunk of metal swung outwards, revealing a spacious interior inside the machine. Roxy ran to see as much as she could. She could make out the general concept of the interior... Places to sit... Some kind of straps, probably meant to be used as restraints, and on the side the man had previously stepped out from, there were a multitude of devices that lay motionless, as if lying in wait for their operator.

Roxy couldn't have known just how right she was. The man got in the other side of the machine and pulled his door closed. Roxy watched his every move and did the same, noticing the THUD that rang out when her door closed. She watched the man run his hand down the strap behind him and grab hold of some sort of handle with a metal protrusion. Roxy found a duplicate handle on her strap and grabbed it. She watched the man use his other hand to find and grab a small dark object attached to the side of his sitting platform. He then took the small handle and inserted the metal protrusion into the small dark object attached to his seat. Roxy did the same. She did not notice the way her ears had twitched in response to the unexpected clicking sound, her attention was on the way the device had provided some sort of feeling into her hands when it had clicked...

Her attention was pulled back to the man beside her when she saw him pull something from yet another one of those storage compartments that seemed to be part of his pants. The object was black where he held it between his fingers, with a refined metal protrusion that had many bumps and grooves. She listened to the series of clicks and metallic movements that occurred when he inserted the object into a slit just forward of the large wheel he had reached around.

He turned the object forwards and it clicked, then it clicked again. A gentle mechanical sound came from below them, like something small winding up. The sound subsided. The man turned the key even further, prompting the sound to return while something much more dynamic began to happen. Roxy didn't know how to describe the metallic, yet muffled and controlled sounds she was hearing... The sound of an old diesel engine turning over as it tried to make up its mind on whether or not it wanted to start. The sounds continued for a few seconds before the man released the object he had held in a turned position and slumped back into his seat wearing a rather annoyed expression.

Roxy didn't know anything about these machines to say the least... However, she had paid attention to the situation and observed several things. First, the man had explained that these machines move cargo. Second, the machine had been moving before. Third, the machine was not currently moving. Fourth... The man was annoyed. He let out a deep breath, tapped something with his foot, and once again rotated the object forwards.

Once again, the machine complained. The dull thrumming of whatever was going on in the covered section just forward of where they sat seemed to annoy the man. Then, a new sound. THWOOM! It was brief, but for just a moment, the sounds seemed to gain some speed. Then it returned to the same sound that seemed to displease the man once again. He let go of the object, allowing it to rotate back on its own. The sounds once again stopped.

"C'mon girl, you can do it." The man said in a low voice as he turned the object once again. Once again, the slow thrumming sounds, followed by what could only be described as a series of slow explosions. The man released the object he had rotated, and this time, the machine fell into a pleasant rhythm. Roxy could hear several bursts of power, increasing in speed and then decreasing, never happening too quickly or too slowly... Bouncing back and forth between slightly faster and slightly slower. The man looked relieved that the machine had produced the current result.

He grabbed onto a long lever between the seats and moved it towards him, then pushed it forward. Roxy heard the tactile click just before the man let go of the lever. His left leg began to move, and the machine began to shudder. He put his left leg back where it was, adjusted himself in his seat, and pressed his right leg forwards while pulling his left leg towards him. The explosions sped up, grew more potent, and seemed to be dragged back down to a slower speed.

They began to pick up the pace just as the massive machine began to move forward. Roxy could hear something whooshing and whistling as it gained speed, separate from the mechanical roar of the explosions that seemed to propel the machine. The man pulled his right leg back and pushed his left leg forward as he grabbed the long lever and pulled it backwards, resulting in another tactile click. As if he had already been ready for that click and using it as some sort of notification that the machine was ready, he once again moved his legs, pulling his left leg back as his right leg sunk into the device in front of his foot, pushing the entire object forwards.

The machine once again roared, surging forth as it more than doubled its previous speed. That same whining and whooshing sound accompanied the roar and once again died down with the roar as the man moved his feet again and moved the lever to its next position. Each time he did this, the machine surged to life and moved forward with great strength, and would seem to nearly fall asleep as he moved the lever between positions before that roaring sound once again added more and more speed to the machine's forward movement.

The man looked at Roxy, noticing that she had become enthralled with the sounds and sensations of his old crappy truck. He could have gotten a new one almost a decade ago, and that opportunity was still there if he wanted it, but he had spent many years in this truck and considered it the most lively machine he had ever driven... However, recently, it was getting expensive to maintain and it just kept having more and more problems, but that wasn't something he needed to bother his strange guest with.

*007*2025-05-13 14:36

{{:

14 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Is this a reverse isakai story?

}}

I guess? I'm building up to something I don't want to spoil

*009*2025-05-13 17:16

Roxy found herself looking out the clear panel that was apparently called a window. The man said the window and the metal part both make up the door, which is the part that moves to let people in and out of the machine. He also told her that they were headed for a city known as Pittsburgh, a place known for its high quality iron and steel. She did not know what steel was, but she recognized the term 'iron' as a refined metal that could withstand most moderate attack spells and was often used as a conductor in magic conduits. Some villages even used iron based magic conduits to make magic power grids, although the results were usually unsteady and only useful during brief moments of calm stability.

Once again, Roxy found herself wandering through old memories instead of taking in everything around her and trying to learn as much as she could about where she currently was. The man had given her a map written on a thin crinkly material with a waxy coating on it. It wasn't much help considering the markings made no sense... Mile, Kilometer, number of lanes, highway and route numbers... None of this answered any of her questions. She decided to fold the map back up and set it on the seat next to her.

She had seen the man looking in her direction many times. He hadn't said much since explaining his truck. He had just been handing her items like maps, books he kept for when he was bored and couldn't sleep, and pictures of the places he'd driven. He had so many different pictures. Some of the pictures looked like some sort of paradise with massive bodies of water reflecting what she thought of as some sort of overly potent lanterns in the dim evening light.

Others were pictures of dunes of sand that seemed to go on forever, with the road carving a straight path through them like some sort of shortcut or cheat tactic. Others yet, were just pictures of his truck with a bunch of smaller machines sitting still on a smooth stone-ish surface with other people smiling next to him, in the background, a structure looking to be made of mostly wood and similar products, featuring several of the clear windows that Roxy still did not understand how something like that could be made. Roxy had not noticed the man smiling something familiar when he saw her pleasantly lost in the photo of his family in front of their house with all their vehicles parked in the driveway.

"You like that one?" He asked, finally finding something to talk about with a creature so strangely different that conversation simply hadn't been a thing that had existed in his mind until he noticed her smiling at the photo of him and his family.

Roxy held the photo a little tighter in her hands. "It reminds me of the friends I used to have. Fireseed Heights was pretty detached from the rest of the world. Those who lived there were all considered strange. Most everyone bullied me because my powers don't make any sense. I can't pick up energy from the local ley lines, so I lost every single magical battle during basic combat readiness. I can't conjure spells by chanting. I saw and heard things nobody else saw or heard. I only had two good friends. One was from a wealthy family that had lost their fortune and their lives when they tried to stabilize a state of the art magical reactor that was refusing to cooperate. Only the younger sister survived.

She had such potent powers and was so smart, but she never looked down on anybody and even tutored me on basic magic spells. Not that it mattered... I'm not capable of casting spells by chanting or using staffs or wands. My parents had spent their entire life savings on some kind of special staff made by someone who claimed to be able to create magic tools that aligned themselves with their users and brought out abilities that the user didn't even know they had. Of course, it did absolutely nothing when I held it. Still, that girl never gave up on me. She was sure I just had some kind of mental block."

The man had looked as if he was genuinely enjoying the story, so Roxy continued. "The other was a young boy who had originally grown up in a village belonging to the northern tribes, but he angered the spirits that live in the forests up north, and was cast out. He was a strange one. Maybe that's why we got along so well. Whenever the ley lines would overlap and magic would stir, we would chase after the spirits that arose from the chaos and try to capture them. Of course, it never worked. Such spirits exist only within the flow beneath the ley lines, so attempting to capture their images scurrying around on the ground never yielded anything tangible, but it was fun. They always seemed so excited and curious to see life up on the surface, even if it was only through a projection, and even if the only life they saw were me and Jarson chasing after them.

I remember how they would always laugh, always run faster every time we caught up, always taunting, always playing, and just like that, the event would end and they would vanish once again. There was one, a rather strong looking man with the features of a great ox and a humongous chest. His image lasted a few seconds longer after the event ended. In that moment, we wondered if he had managed to cross over to our side, but then he disappeared just like the rest.

When we got back, Jarson and I were accused of making the whole thing up. That's what I mean when I say I see and hear things nobody else does. Apparently, the event I described was simply impossible and I was losing my mind, but I know I saw it, I experienced it." Roxy's hands tightened, tugging at the fur on top of her legs. She hadn't realized she had begun to tear up. "And now I'm... I don't know where I am. I don't know what any of these things are that you've given me... Just the pictures... I..." She began to weep openly now, unable to stop the flow of emotions that had grown into a great whirlwind in her mind.

She felt a hand on her shoulder and looked up, the tears in her eyes casting translucent waves through her vision and distorting what she thought was a caring face. She tried to stop crying, she really did, but it didn't yield any results. The storm in her mind had grown too strong to be quelled by something as small as the gesture of someone placing their hand on her shoulder... Yet, something about the fact that she didn't even know this man... He had no business being concerned about her, yet here he was, trying to help her despite knowing nothing about her except for the one story she had told him... Somehow, that began to slow the storm in her mind. She sniffled and rubbed the tears from her eyes, still visibly upset, but no longer shedding tears.

The man gave her a genuine smile. "Why don't you try one of these?" He said, holding out a piece of glass shaped into a bottle. "If your world is as different as it sounds, I bet you've never had anything like this before." Roxy gently took the bottle from the man and turned it over in her hands. She could hear liquid flowing around inside it when she moved it. The metal piece on top seemed to be separate from the rest of the object. Was it some sort of strange potion container?

"What..." She continued to examine the bottle. Sprite was the largest word on the covering that seemed to provide some explanation for what was contained within the object. There was a section that listed nutrition facts... All of the words were foreign to her... Likely an explanation of the potion's affects... Then there were the ingredients... The only words she recognized were water, acid, and natural. "What does this do?" She asked, looking at the man with a mix of wonder and caution.

"It tastes good." Said the man, prying the metal cap loose from the glass container and drinking the liquid.

"Yes, but what does it do? What are its affects?"

"I'm sorry, I don't understand the question. It's a drink meant to taste good. A lot more exciting than just plain old water."

Roxy continued to study the object, but now that she had read the entirety of the writing several times, she had to admit that the only way to learn more was to try a small sip and see what it did. There had to be more to it than it tastes good... Nobody makes a potion only for a pleasant taste. That would be a grievous waste of resources, and it takes several days to make even the most basic potions... Nobody would throw away all that time just for something designed to do nothing except taste good. She got a claw under the metal piece and twister her hand, resulting in the metal cap going flying across the interior of the truck and missing the man's face by mere shpics. A small cloud seemed to escape the container at the moment of its opening. Must be a rather potent potion... She brought the container to her nose and took a sniff, recoiling at the burning that took over her nose and sinuses.

"You're supposed to drink it" The man chuckled, pointing at his identical bottle as he consumed more of the liquid.

Roxy put the tip of the bottle to her mouth and tilted it slightly. The sensation that followed was nothing like anything she had ever felt before. A tingling, not unpleasant, and sweetness mixed with a crisp fresh flavor of something that seemed like maybe some kind of fruit... She had to admit, it did taste good. She gave it a moment...

Nothing seemed to happen. Perhaps she had to drink the whole thing for the potion to take effect? What she had not expected was the feeling of pressure that was quickly building within her stomach. She didn't know what to do, she'd never felt anything like this anymore. Was she sick, or having some kind of reaction to the potion? Suddenly, she felt something coming back up and instinctively covered her mouth. She couldn't throw up here... She had just met this person... She couldn't be so disrespectful. However, what came up was not solid or liquid... It was air that carried the smell of the liquid she had just consumed. A belchous release of something that seemed to have separated from the liquid she had consumed.

"Yeah, you did drink it pretty quickly." The man chuckled to himself as he released a much smaller and more controlled belch.

Roxy looked up and out the front of the truck. The forest had been growing thinner and more sparse for awhile now. Something was coming up in the distance... Massive structures reaching up towards the sky! She didn't notice the way her mouth hung open, revealing her sharp canines just behind incisors that looked very much like a house cat's teeth. The man simply took the moment to take in the scene. Never before had he met someone... Or something... So entirely unique. She seemed to have no understanding at all of the world around her while her appearance was that of some sort of human animal, yet she was intelligent like a normal person and told tales of a completely different world... Just what on earth was she? Where did she really come from? Questions for another time. Today was about explaining things to her and keeping her safe.

Roxy was so enthralled with the scene unfolding before her that she hadn't noticed something that would prove very important. A stark difference between the potions of her world and the drinks of this world... The liquid had not dissolved into magic. Her body had absorbed it. How long would it be before she noticed the symptoms of a body with more liquid than it wishes to hold onto?

*010*2025-05-14 17:32

With midnight long past, the first rays of sunlight were beginning to streak across the cloudy sky. The truck had been stopped for almost 40 minutes, and for about 30 minutes now, the man had remained motionless with the exception of small twitches every now and then. He had mentioned something about reaching the limit of his driving time and that it was now time for him to rest. What a strange concept that the people of this world obey small devices like what she had learned was called a smartphone.

Apparently, it was one of many devices that informed the user of the current time. Such a bizarre idea that anyone would let something as simple as it is now 5:00 decide what they have to do next. Roxy just plain did not understand this strange time concept. Furthermore, her mind had been pulled to another strange thing about this world: the moon had long since set and the sun was rising, yet she did not feel any influence on her inner world. The moon, known to be the most powerful source of influential magic other than ley lines, either didn't do anything in this world or held such a small influence that it may as well be ignored.

Roxy had watched many trucks pull in and out of the area they were currently stopped at. Apparently it was known as a rest area... Yet another bizarre concept of this new world... People here let something as simple as I am now at a rest area tell them that it was now time to rest. That being said, Roxy had figured out a few things about this world. There was life energy here, in fact, there was an overwhelming amount of it. She didn't realize it at first because it's so complex and chaotic. There was no one core flow like there was in her old world. Whether this was a good thing or not, only practice and experience would tell. Speaking of experience, since drinking that strange liquid called Sprite, she had been experiencing something entirely foreign to her.

Her body had been processing the liquid and it was becoming uncomfortable. It felt like some of it had gathered in her lower abdomen and was currently asking for permission to leave her body. She assumed this to be a strange effect of the potion and had been ignoring it, but as time went on, it was getting harder and harder to ignore. She would examine the trees and watch the small creatures scurry along the ground, occasionally watching people enter and exit the structure built just to the side of where all the wheeled machines were stopped, and she would genuinely enjoy watching the movements of this strange world and its oddly plain people with no animalistic features.

Roxy watched the show intently, treating it like her first day at a new school. She truly intended to continue watching for as long as she could, but her body kept pulling her back to the discomfort in her abdomen. It was getting worse. What had started as a mild discomfort that could have been anything had evolved into an intense pressure that seemed to wish to escape her body. The more she fought to keep it contained, the more her body found ever stranger ways to protest. Her foot would begin to tap. She would stop the tapping, and her hands would begin fidgeting, etc etc...

It was still getting worse. The pressure was pushing on her really hard and a noticeable outward bulge had formed at the base of her abdomen. She was beginning to understand something: If she didn't find a way to get rid of this pressure, it would likely find a way to escape her body. She looked up to the sky once more. The sun had risen to the tops of the tall, skinny buildings the man had told her were called Skyscrapers. The clock on the man's smartphone now read 9:00. She was beginning to understand this world's concept of telling time.

After a pre-calculated period, the numbers on the right would change. Once they reached 59, instead of climbing to 60, the number on the left would increase by 1 and the numbers on the right would restart at 0. Now, the words coming from the truck earlier when the man was trying to turn everything off, "THIS SATURDAY ONLY AT 5PM" were starting to make sense to her. Something must have been meant to happen when the clock read 5:00. She wondered if something had happened somewhere before she had figured out these strange things known as clocks.

Once again, she was pulled from her thoughts as her body began to protest once again. The discomfort had risen to bothersome levels and was causing a number of effects on her body. She couldn't stop the movements anymore. The more she tried to stay still, the more it bothered her. The more she tried to control her breathing, the more it bothered her until she let her body take over and breathe heavily and erratically once more. For some reason, her body seemed to be battling the pressure in her abdomen with yet more pressure...

Many, many times, her legs had pressed against each other with great force. When her body got tired of that position, her legs would stack on top of each other in a crossed manner and bear down against each other. Many of the movements that had been separate before were beginning to overlap. Her legs were crossed and pressed tightly together. While her feet had bounced on their own before, now they were bouncing while her legs were crossed and the bouncing of her feet was causing her legs to bounce as well... This didn't help to remove the discomfort, but it did seem to offer a means to push on the pressure in her abdomen and keep it contained.

9:00 had become 9:30 and she was entering a state she would have declared sickness if she wasn't aware it was simply an effect of the potion known as Sprite. Her muscles burned, mainly around her lower area. The area where the pressure continued to build had begun to cause her pain. Her body was now cycling between any combination of poses and movements it could come up with in order to attempt to quell the storm in her abdomen, which currently involved rocking forward and backward while her legs were crossed and bouncing at the same time her hand was pressed against an area of her body that definitely should not have been active right now. She found it most contradictory that she was at a rest stop, a place specifically designed to let people find rest, yet she was completely unable to find any rest at all. Her body simply refused to calm down.

"Mhhhhhnnnnn" The sound escaped her mouth before she even realized she had begun to say anything. Luckily, the man beside her remained unaware to her current situation. She didn't know why, but she was sure that if he saw her like this, she would be humiliated. Was it due to her inability to let go of her lower womanly parts? Perhaps that could be the reason. She wasn't feeling attracted to the man, and she frankly found him strange in every way, but her down there simply refused to calm down. She had become moist. Her midnight blue fur had begun to stick together with her body's release of the lubricant that was supposed to only be for mating. In fact, her entire body temperature had risen. She was feeling almost every symptom of being in heat except for the actual drive to find a mate.

She felt a sudden, intense increase in the pressure in her abdomen. Something told her she had reached the limit of her ability to deny this pressure an escape... Her eyes teared up, her body tensed, and she did everything she could to keep herself under control, but that didn't stop the forceful jet of warm liquid from escaping her lower lips and colliding with her hand. It was warm, as warm as the irresponsibly high temperature her body had climbed to within the last few moments. Something felt very wrong. She forced her legs together even tighter. She pressed harder against her lower lips. Her body trembled. Every inch of her body simply couldn't take it anymore.

"Mhhhhhnnnnn... Ahhhhh... Mhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" The sounds she had not permitted to leave her lips had done so anyway.

The noise seemed to cause the man to stir. He looked up at Roxy, saw the state she was in, and quickly panicked. He moved faster than she had previously observed and exited the machine. Roxy watched him sprint around the front of the truck... The distraction proving to be just what she needed to keep the pressure at bay. The man opened her door much quicker and much more forcefully than she had seen before.

"Don't pee in my truck! Come on, the toilets are right over here!" The man urged her to exit the vehicle.

*012*2025-05-14 22:06

{{13 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

Will there be a masochistic lesbian character that would gradually have a crush on roxy further into the story?

}}

Really not sure on that one. Possibly, but not currently planning on that kinda stuff

*013*2025-05-14 23:48

Roxy's body was trapped in a state of fierce contradiction she had never felt before. She needed to find some way to relieve the painful pressure within her that was causing her such discomfort and forcing her body to display such indecency. Just get out the truck. It was simple enough, but her body refused to cooperate. Every movement was interrupted by her need, forcing her to stop what she was doing and keep her legs pressed together... Had to keep them together no matter what... Had to keep her hand on her lower lips... Had to keep pressing so hard it hurt and also... Somehow felt good? Didn't matter... She had to find a way to get rid of this pressure.

Dealing with whatever was going on was tearing her mind apart! Stepping down from the truck onto the ground was rather painful, the impact of landing gently sending a pang of pain and pressure through her bladder, an organ she had never used once in her life in her previous world. Something between a whimper and a moan escaped her lips without her permission, granting her a worried look from the man trying to get her to the toilet, or at this point, anywhere that wasn't inside his truck, which technically he had already accomplished...

The man leaned down and took her hand, helping her to stand back up. This would prove to be very uncomfortable for Roxy as her body submitted as many formal complaints and protests as it could, forcing her to double over and nearly begin to cry. Her body couldn't take any more of this, and she couldn't take much more either. She was well past her physical limit and was burning through her magic energy rapidly in an attempt to reach whatever this toilet thing was that the man was trying to take her to. She resolved to keep going, casting a double spell in a desperate attempt to contain the flood currently submitting a formal evacuation notice. It worked, with the cost of draining her magic so low it had eaten at her strength and stamina. The man walked slowly, holding her hand as they approached the rest stop's main building.

"Mhhhhhnnnnn" She had not granted permission for that sound to leave her lips, but it had done so anyway. She had reached her limit. She knew casting a double spell was dangerous, and now she was beginning to lose control of her body.

"Look, we're almost there!" The man pointed at the building just in front of them as he continued to tug on her hand as he walked, forcing her to keep pace with him despite her body's obvious struggle as it attempted to keep up with him.

"Nnnnnnn... Don't tug on me like that..." The words that defiantly escaped her lips caused the man to pause just in time to save her from a total loss of control as she ripped her hand from the man's grip and used it to increase the pressure her right hand had already been applying to her burning hot pussy. "I... Haaahhhh... I can't... Mhhhhnnnn... Keep going... Hnnnnnnn... Anymore...." Tears formed in her eyes as she found herself unable to complete the only task the man had given her: just reach the building right in front of her.

"I guess... Just go ahead and pee right there then..." The man said, as if this explained anything to her. He then turned his back to her.

Roxy couldn't believe it! Here she was, in such discomfort that it was becoming truly painful, and her only guide had quite literally turned his back to her! She honestly just wanted to cry, but she forced herself to hold onto whatever shreds of decency she had left. The only instruction she had been given was to go ahead and pee, whatever that meant.

Her attempt at clarifying his instructions came out as a whimper with the words in the background... "How do I do that?"

The man turned to face her, wearing an exaggerated expression of shock and confusion. "You don't know..." How could he even say this to someone? It was like calling her a baby!

The pain had eaten away at her mind and body, her attempt to avoid indecency no longer holding her back. She was already humiliated, so what was embarrassment to stop her now? "No, I don't! I've never felt like this before!" As soon as she realized she had said that out loud, her ears fell flat against her head and she found herself staring at the ground. Her body continued to tremble, her knees still braced against each other as the pain pulled her forwards and caused her to double over.

"Just... Let go..." The man could barely speak as his cheeks burned red hot with embarrassment. "Let all the liquid leave you."

"How do I do that?!" She squeaked, now actively shedding tears as the pain throbbed deeper and deeper into her.

The man realized he had no choice but to show her. Good thing there was nobody else here. His cheeks turned even more red, despite the fact that it was physically impossible for them to do that. His hands moved to his pants where he undid some sort of device that had been keeping the front of his pants closed. He revealed his most private and sacred organ and aimed it forwards. He pushed his waist forward and said "just let go, like this" and began to release a stream of yellowish liquid that hit the ground with a patter and a splash and began pooling at the landing site before running towards the edge of the paved parking lot.

Whatever Roxy was seeing had pushed her over the edge! She simply couldn't take it anymore! She felt something give out and a boiling hot flood began to burst forth from her pussy, hitting her hand and falling to the ground as it released a loud hissing sound followed almost immediately by a splashing and running sound as it pooled at her feet. She removed her hand and the liquid began running down her legs and causing her fur to stick to her. It seemed like the pain and discomfort was leaving her body along with the golden liquid that was spraying from her pussy like a pressure vessel that had sprung a sudden, dramatically large leak. Her cheeks burned with something between simple pleasure and a burning hot passion. She hoped to never have to experience such potent discomfort again, but she wouldn't mind at all if she got to experience the current sensation every day for the rest of her life.

When she looked up, the man was returning to his truck. She wanted to follow him, but her body was not done and refused to move. Finally, every drop of the golden fluid had finished leaving her body and she began to run towards his truck, but it left with a potent mechanical roar before she could reach it. With no idea where she was and no way to catch up with the only person she had met, she began to cry. Tears streaked down her face as she walked off the parking lot, across the sidewalk, and into the grass. She found a wooden structure just large enough to seat several people and took a seat. She buried her face in her hands and continued crying there at the picnic table for an unknown amount of time before drifting off to sleep without noticing.

*015*2025-05-17 19:46

Hours upon hours had gone by since Roxy had fallen asleep at the picnic table, and unbeknownst to her, she was becoming popular on social media as a feline cosplayer that had fallen asleep at a rest stop. Closeup pictures captured the incredible detail of her false teeth which looked incredibly real, and comments began to question where her original teeth were... Was it perhaps an entire inner mouth covering that hid her human teeth and provided attachments for the feline teeth? What was up with her ears? Comments speculated it could be a full head covering that hid her human ears and had the feline ears attached, but that didn't explain how the ears seemed to have depth as if they were real...

One thing that kept coming back to question was her tail, which had no seems and had no visible attachment to the rest of the suit. Many assumed the suit must have been homemade by an incredibly talented artist and craftsman. What else could explain the level of natural looking detail in every inch of her midnight blue fur, the depth and movement of her ears, the subtle movements of her tail as she slept, or the realistic feline teeth?

On the next picnic table over, an avid member of the furry and fursuiting community was running a live stream titled " â­ðŸ˜» âœ¨ BEST FURSUIT EVER?! THE SLEEPING CAT AT THE REST AREA" which had held onto over 5,000 viewers as it neared the 3 hour mark. Once more, a viewer had donated real money in a super comment asking the live streamer to get up and give everyone an up close look at the incredible fursuit. Naturally, the live streamer had done this multiple times already, but the viewer who made this request had just joined the stream a few minutes back and had missed the previous close ups shots.

The live streamer began to walk towards the sleeping girl, slowly moving her phone camera around while trying to remain quiet and not disturb the peaceful girl that's been sleeping at the picnic table since the live streamer got there. That's when someone pointed out that it's the middle summer in Pittsburgh and it's mid-afternoon... Was the girl actually sleeping, or was she suffering heat illness from being trapped in the fursuit in the middle of the afternoon sun on a 95-degree day?

The streamer decided it was only right to make sure the girl was okay. She started by tapping gently on the table just a few inches from the girl's head. This resulted in the girl's ears twitching and her slightly shifting her position as she continued to remain otherwise unresponsive. The live streamer once again tapped the table, this time accidentally bumping the bench the girl was sleeping on. This prompted the girl to disappear upwards out of the frame of the live stream, leaving only two frames of blurry upwards movement in a 30 FPS live stream.

Chat exploded with amazement and confusion! The camera panned to the left to show that the girl had already landed and was straightening herself up as her eyes and ears examined the live streamer with a mix of defensive tension and curiosity. The camera didn't pick it up from the distance, but everyone in chat heard the streamer whisper to herself "what amazing detail!" in reference to Roxy's upright pupils that had changed size in the daylight. Usually, people use contacts to change their eye color or provide a false image of an altered eye, but she'd never seen a moving upright pupil before.

The live streamer was used to having to react in order to keep her streams going and not dwell on a moment of surprise or shock. "I'm Kira, I'm running a live stream right now. I'm sorry to wake you up, I just wanted to make sure you were okay in this heat..." Kira's voice trailed off as she continued...

"I'm Roxy." The girl said, continuing to study Kira standing before her. Everything Roxy did was too real, too natural... Her ears had locked onto Kira, moving only to check out a car driving down the highway before returning to Kira. Her eyes, a deep lavender, appeared to have a real depth behind them as if it was more than just artistic contacts. And the way her suit had moved with her... Most fursuits looked cartoony when their occupants moved too quickly, but this had moved with realistic precision. Not only that, but her tail had responded to the situation in earnest.

"Hi Roxy! May I ask where you had your suit made? It's got such incredible detail like I've never seen before!"

Roxy didn't know how to answer this question... It didn't help that the center of the question seemed to be the word suit, which was unfamiliar to Roxy. She simply stood there, visibly confused.

"You okay?" Kira began "Is the heat getting to you? We can go inside and get something cold to drink if you want"

"I'm okay" Said Roxy. "I'm just not sure what your question means. I only just got here yesterday, and I'm completely lost."

This served to stop Kira. She had thought her stream was revolving around the most amazing fursuit she had ever seen, but now she saw that it was about to turn personal for the girl before her, so she turned the camera to herself and promised to resume the stream once things had been figured out. She switched to a different app that replaced the live stream with her channel logo and the words "will return shortly".

Kira turned back to Roxy, looking for clarification on what she meant by 'just got here yesterday'. As it turned out, Roxy had spent the night in a random guy's truck before being abandoned here. Roxy explained how strange the land was, how there was no singular flow of the world's will, how she had never seen structures like the rest stop before, etc etc.. Needless to say, Kira was taken aback. She had been by herself since her roommate moved out a few months back and had been looking for company, but she would need to make sure she properly explained the situation to Roxy and would need to be certain that Roxy understood her, which she had the feeling would take more than one attempt.

Kira began by telling Roxy that she currently lived alone, and would enjoy the company if Roxy would like to come live with her. The conversation went on and on for over an hour with both sides presenting their perspectives and making sure the other side understood them. There was so much Roxy didn't know about the world that it seemed genuinely impossible. The conversation found its first major pause when Kira stopped mid sentence, closed her eyes, and put her hand on her forehead as if feeling for something that wasn't there. She suddenly looked much less colorful than she had just a moment before. This time, it was Roxy asking Kira if she was okay.

Kira said she thinks she's just a bit too hot, and was going to go inside to get something cold to drink. She motioned for Roxy to follow her, and the two entered the rest stop. The building consisted of a large, open interior with colorfully decorated setups featuring hot and cold food, specialty drinks at high prices, and shelves everywhere that led to a 7-eleven checkout. Roxy's nose led her to a counter where they had something called chicken prepared in many different ways: barbeque, spicy, patties for sandwiches, and plenty of rice, mashed potatoes, fries, and vegetables all in their own little pans along the top of a large steam table behind glass.

The man behind the counter looked up, wore a shocked expression, and had to do a double take before finally asking the strange girl what she would like to eat. Roxy just looked at him. "I'm not hungry. I'm just curious what all this is." The man began explaining the various ways chicken could be ordered: by itself, made into sandwiches, mixed with noodles and vegetables for stir fry (this was more expensive as it was made to order), and how you could get any mixture of sides you wanted like rice and broccoli or mashed potatoes and corn, etc etc...

The man realized the girl was no longer listening to him and was instead looking around as if searching for someone. He asked her if she was looking for the girl that had entered the rest stop with her, was told that she was indeed looking for that person, and pointed out that the girl had gone into the restroom a few minutes ago. He assured he not to worry, she would be out soon. As if it was on purpose, Kira exited the restroom at that exact moment. She briefly looked around, found Roxy standing in front of the chicken stall, and asked Roxy if she'd like some chicken. Kira explained that she was willing to pay for as much as Roxy wanted to get, especially since their earlier conversation revealed that Roxy had not eaten in over two days.

Cue a conversation where Roxy has no idea what anything there would taste like, and that she has never seen any food like this before. Kira ordered two chicken sandwiches with lettuce, tomato, pickle, and onion on the side, as well as a side of mashed potatoes and sweet corn. She asked for each portion to be on separate plates while she pulled out her glowing rectangle Roxy had learned was a smartphone, specifically a Samsung Galaxy S15, and held it up to a rectangular device attached to the counter. The device made a beep, and Kira was given two paper plates with the prepared orders on them.

*017*2025-05-23 00:15

As the two ate their fill, Kira started asking Roxy more and more about the world she came from. While there was no true hierarchy, those with oxen blood were considered to be the strongest physically, while those with canine blood were generally considered to be the wisest. Those with feline blood were known for their magical adaptability. Magic is only one of many energies that flow naturally through the world Roxy comes from. Almost anyone can access basic magical energy, but there are precious few that have a deeper connection to the flow and can draw forth significantly more energy than their peers.

Another important piece of the puzzle is precisely which frequency of magical energy your soul resonates the best with. This is often expressed as a magical trait like fire, wind, water, ice, etc etc... However, there are also those who lack magical traits but develop deep connections to certain magical creatures, like the lamplighter who resonates with the wolflike magic creatures known as fanged wisps. Roxy, however, never managed to develop any of these abilities. She consistently lost fights and failed school classes that revolved around magic due to many things: a lack of a magical attribute, lack of compatibility with ley line flows (prevents her from drawing power from ley lines), and a complete inability to cast even the most basic spells even when given specialized equipment and using the most basic of incantations.

While all this was true, there was one thing Roxy was really good at back in her old world: sneaking around. Her lack of a strong magical signature made her practically invisible to all but the most observant magic users. She routinely snuck out to visit a high enchanter with elk blood who lived up in the mountains. The man was an unstoppable machine who possessed a soul that simply never stopped producing straight up irresponsible amounts of incredibly dense magical energies. When he was young, this was problematic as it caused any magic devices he used to break almost instantly as they were overwhelmed and crushed underneath the weight of only a small fraction of his power.

As he grew up, he found himself venturing out of town more and more often and eventually made himself a home in the mountains. Once settled, he began practicing enchantments. His idea was simple: enchantments don't directly interact with a physical object, instead, they offer abilities to said physical object, like how an enchanted sword can have an impossibly sharp edge that never dulls or chips, but the moment the enchantment is broken, the sword breaks. Many believed that this was due to a little understood phenomenon known as magic backlash, essentially meaning that the breaking of the enchantment placed upon the sword created a magical shockwave that reverberated throughout the sword until it broke.

This was proven wrong when Jakol's Mountain Gear, the man's first attempt at producing and selling enchanted items, was a resounding success. With such overwhelming magical power, Jakol was used to everyday objects breaking almost instantly, so he made his magic tools much more resilient. The result were magic tools that possessed so much latent energy that they only needed a small amount of magical energy in order to produce massive results. You could either manually recharge the tools instantly by feeding them with your own magical energy, or you could just set them down for a while and they would soak up energy from the natural flow. The man had shown Roxy his secrets, as he believed Roxy may be in a similar situation to himself.

After all, he does not possess a magical attribute, is unable to use regular magic tools without breaking them, and does not receive any energy from ley lines. Years of Roxy sneaking out to visit him had resulted in a disappointing conclusion: Roxy's situation is not the same as his. It's obvious that there's an incredible amount of energy within her, but she is unable to call upon that energy unless her life is in danger. It's almost like her power has a mind of its own and simply refuses to listen to her unless she's in mortal danger.

Sensing that the story had ended and Roxy had begun to await a response, Kira looked up with no idea what to say. Kira comes from a wealthy family and has always had everything she could ever want, so a struggle like Roxy's didn't really resonate with her. However, Kira could get the basic idea: Roxy was unable to use abilities that came naturally to everyone else in the world she grew up in... Almost like a disability. Kira's idea was simple: take Roxy back to her apartment, take time to truly get to know her, become good friends with her, and learn as much as she could about magic. That brought a question to mind...

"Hey Roxy, does the world you come from have wizards?"

"What's a wizard?"

"Well, it's like someone who has magic powers granted by ancient spirits or some sort of magic that is greater than regular magic... There are lots of movies about wizards and many of them depict them differently, so it's hard to tell if any of them actually have a real world basis."

Roxy thought about the information for a moment. "I guess... The girl who always wandered the forest could be considered a wizard..."

"Usually we call female wizards witches." Kira interrupted, not realizing she had just brought up something completely different than the 'wizard' Roxy was thinking of.

"I don't think wizards and witches are the same thing. To be a witch was a profession, not a title based on capabilities. Also, male witches are called warlocks, not wizards. In fact, I remember the witch of the second peak... She had this black cat that was always there but I always felt like it also wasn't there at all... I don't know how to describe it... Anyway, she made medicine and potions and tended a large garden of medicinal herbs. I'd say that's pretty typical for a witch or a warlock."

While Roxy had continued talking, Kira had pulled out her phone and searched the word wizard. She showed Roxy the first result for the word wizard: a tall, aged, slender man wearing a long, elaborate robe and carrying a complicated looking staff with a wooden stalk and a gemstone on the top.

"So they're basically everyday people that wear robes and carry magical conduits?"

Roxy had missed the point. The picture wasn't intended for Roxy to tear it apart, it was to show her what a wizard was so that Roxy could answer the first question: did her old world have wizards?... Kira pressed to get Roxy back on track...

"I've seen people that carry staffs and wands, but magical conduits like the one in that picture are usually only for training. Staffs and wands are made from hardened materials, and do not feature gemstones as they're meant to control magic power, not gather it."

Kira sighed, pressing her fingers to the bridge of her nose. "I just want to know if people that look like this were present in the world you came from..."

"I guess some looked similar, but I can't say I've seen an exact match."

Kira's eyes lit up with curiosity and wonder! "Tell me everything you know about these wizards!"

"I mean, I've only met one that comes anywhere close to that picture. He has boar and stone wisp blood, carries a long staff, and wears long robes. He's an elemental caster who excels in wind magic. Unfortunately, I only got to see him for a moment. He was attempting to stop an avalanche, and failed in a rather... Unique way. He kept daring the calamity to strike him and bury him with all its fury. He screamed these words into the sky as if commanding nature to do as he pleased. I can't say whether the avalanche listened to him or not... He probably just got hit because he was standing right in the way. That's when all the snow was thrown into the sky and fell as a gentle snow for weeks. I would say he was about a class seven wind sorcerer.

When I looked back down, his staff was in pieces and his arm had been torn from his body. He died there on the mountain. He saved over 3,000 lives in the towns at the base of the mountain. There's a shrine there now, and many regularly offer grace to the location in order to thank him for his protection and his sacrifice. Many claim to have seen him wandering near the area, but there's never been concrete proof. After a few years, the excitement died down and only the truly dedicated climbed the mountain to offer their grace to his shrine, which had deteriorated greatly in the harsh elements. I was actually going to visit his shrine once the seasons changed and the journey would be less treacherous, but I got pulled into this world before that could happen."

"So is level 7 good? Like is that a high level?"

"It's less than halfway to level 5."

"But 7 is higher than 5..."

"Everybody is assumed to be at level 10 until they demonstrate magical abilities denoting a higher level. Each level requires magical abilities ten times higher than the previous level. Some can cheat the system by using great deals of energy in very short bursts, but they usually get found out when they can't do it again without resting first. I'm a level 10. Level 9 would be ten times more powerful than me, and level 8 would be ten times more powerful than level 9, all the way up to level 3. Level 2 is 100 times more powerful than level 3, and level 1 is 1,000 times more powerful than level 2.

I'm told the reason it's so hard to reach the higher levels is to stop anyone from throwing away their daily lives in pursuit of magical power, however, there are those that are truly gifted and have risen to level 2 in only a few decades, although there are only three people that have ever reached level 1. First would be Arthranice Judenclay, the mother of the Great Northern Forest that stretches across the entire northern continent, or about 1/3 of the planet. She's called the mother of the forest because she took a bet from a friend with her life savings on the line, and lost. The bet was to plant a tree in the northern continent and keep it alive for more than a single year."

"So if she lost, then how did she become legendary?"

"Because she broke a taboo that kills people, but she did not die... At least, not in the way you would normally die..."

"So she's like a ghost?"

"If you mean a wandering spirit, then no, she's not like that. When her tree died, she refused to hand over her life savings because it had not been one year yet. She claimed she could bring it back to life. There are two ways to bring things back to life. The first is to find some part of it that hasn't completely died yet and spread that life through its entire being. She tried and tried, but there was no escaping the fact that the tree was completely and utterly dead as it sat with only her as company in the frozen wasteland. The second method is to convert your life force into usable energy and use that to create new life.

She succeeded in bringing the tree back to life through this method, however, it could not survive without good soil, not to mention the harsh conditions that froze it solid once again... Her tree once again died. Knowing that she was about to lose over sixty years of hard work and savings, she gave in to taboo and fused her soul with the dead tree. It is not known how she accomplished this.

Normally, transferring one's soul to an object without special magic tools would not be possible. The theory that is referenced most often is that she went so deeply insane that her soul went insane with her, changing her energy into something unnatural that was able to break the barrier between life and death. The Great Northern Forest, which covers 1/3 of the planet, is actually just that one tree that just never stopped taking root and growing more trunks and branches until it reached all six shores and ran out of land to root itself on. In fact, over half of the world's ley lines consist of energy provided mainly by the Great Northern Forest."

Kira stopped her there, pointing out that it was getting late and she had to get back before it got dark.

Yet another oddity of this world that seemed so strange to Roxy... The people here cannot see in the dark due to their eyes being mainly built for daylight, so they attach lights to their vehicles in order to light up the path in front of them, yet despite this source of light that cuts through the natural darkness, they still prefer to return to their homes before nightfall.

*019*2025-05-23 16:39

{{15 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Wow, more lore?

}}

Yeah, I'm building to something with all this info on Roxy's old world. I haven't decided exactly what I'm doing next just yet... I'm working on figuring out a the two worlds aren't as far apart as they appear kind of thing, but I've tried writing it a few different ways and it's just not tickling my fancy.

The previous chapter with the wizard conversation actually underwent several revisions as well due to it containing hints at the next chapter, and was rewritten so that removing the parts attaching it to the next chapter wouldn't leave it feeling like it was missing anything.

It may be a few days before I get the next part out. I'm at a turning point, but I'm trying to figure out which direction I want the story to turn. I've got a few ideas and I'm gonna try a few of them and see what works out the best.

*021*2025-05-26 02:58

As the two approached a red light about ten minutes after getting off the interstate, Kira resumed her live stream and talked about her experiences so far with Mrs. Roxy, who seems to genuinely be from another world. The strange girl is in fact not wearing a suit. The fur, ears and tail are all attached to her body, just like how her upright eyes seem to have such impossible depth to them. The part Kira found the strangest was that Roxy had admitted to not eating anything in two whole days, yet did not seem hungry...

She genuinely seemed more intrigued in the types of food present in this world rather than actually getting something to eat, although it did bring a smile to Kira's face to see that she had enjoyed her chicken sandwich, despite the fact that she had disassembled it and ate each ingredient separately. Currently, Kira was slowly raising her voice back to a more normal level, keeping an eye on her sleeping passenger so as not to wake her. That's exactly when it happened. Kira had noted the light that had freshly turned green and slowly accelerated, matching the car in front of her as she kept a safe distance between their cars, and then...

So much happened in such a short amount of time. Kira was sure she had heard, felt, and seen the impact. She had experienced the crash. She had felt her bones snap as the car tumbled end over end and slammed roof first into a utility pole. She had seen her passenger smack her head off the imploded roof and spill blood everywhere, yet here she was, sitting at the red light, looking at Roxy as if she was observing a real life ghost. The light turned green. The car in front of her started to accelerate... Kira was stuck between that wasn't real and that was a warning, leaving her no objective evidence that any of it had actually happened. She checked her body, no signs of injury, no pain other than the usual dull ache from the padding in the seat that the mechanic around the corner swore he had stuffed correctly...

She got beeped at. Panicking, Kira began the motion to put her foot onto the gas pedal, when Roxy simply said "wait" without fully waking up. Her eyes drifted upwards, ahead of the car in front of her, onto the road in the distance, looking for any signs of the danger Roxy had warned her about. She got beeped at again. She was about to raise a middle finger at the guy behind her, but then she heard the sounds of tires screeching. It all happened so fast, yet with her mind in a panicked overdrive, it all seemed to be in slow motion...

A Mustang, driven by a kid far too young to have a license, had locked up all four wheels in a desperate attempt to stop, but its momentum was carrying it through the red light and across the intersection where Kira's traffic was obeying their green light. The Mustang slid through the entire intersection, narrowly missing several cars, and came to a stop on the far side of the intersection, tire smoke beginning to clear in the gentle wind as the kid got out of the car, looking at the intersection and shaking with fear. He didn't get back in the car. He simply sat down on the curb and kept his hands on his head.

Kira could only sit there stunned. She looked at the car, at the kid, at Roxy, back at the car, and it began to process in her mind... "How did you know?"

"Know what?" Roxy mumbled, her eyes lazily opening as she looked over at Kira with those bottomless lavender eyes that seemed to do more than just look at Kira.

"How did you know that car would hit us?" Kira said, nearly shouting as she began shaking. "How could you have known? How did you know he would send us flying? What told you to tell me to wait?"

Roxy just looked at Kira as if she was contemplating whether it was worth the effort to explain to a child that the grape juice had spilled because they had tipped the cup over... As if something so simple required an explanation... "I just didn't want to see you get hurt."

"Yes, but how did you know it would happen? He came from behind that building over there. Nobody could see him until it was already too late. If I hadn't waited, we would have been hit."

"And the car would have tumbled six times, slid on its side, and hit that metal spire over there before the top collapsed inwards, tearing one of my ears off, breaking my skull, giving me a strong brain injury, and triggering magiphylaxis." The words were so dull and devoid of panic or fear, it was like Roxy was reading from a textbook she took absolutely zero interest in.

Kira had no way of processing the fact that everything Roxy had said was spot on, despite Kira having no idea what magiphylaxis was. "So it did happen?"

The words that came from Roxy's mouth seemed less like a conversation and more like a speech that had been written down ahead of time. "It was only a possibility that had already happened. I cannot emphasize enough the need for you to be careful from here on out. I can only fold possibilities once every sixteen kitsconils..." Roxy paused, putting a hand to her chin. "I think that's about five days in your time... Although I could be off on that... I'm only just learning minutes, hours, days, and so on."

"So it's something that could have happened?" Kira asked, still trying to understand how this could have possibly happened.

"Look, trying to explain this to someone with no psychic presence and no connection to the natural flow around them is like trying to teach a bird to build a log cabin. Yes, they can build a nest, and they can make themselves a home, but they lack the tools necessary to refine trees into properly shaped building materials. It would be best to stick to what you can do, as will I. I doubt operating these machines will ever match my skillset."

Kira wanted to stay quiet, she really did... She wasn't sure whether to be insulted or amazed... Currently, those two sensations had mixed together into one big soup, boiling over and pushing the lid off of the pot that was her mind, pushing the question out of her mouth. "And what is your skillset?"

"Keeping people safe." Roxy said, letting out a powerful yawn and sinking back into the passenger seat. "It's not easy. There were 118 different possibilities for that crash, and that's only counting the ones I saw. I had to interact with you, make the driver behind you honk at you instead of going around you, because he did that in the seventeenth one I saw, and he got hit instead of you... So many people that just throw patience out the window and accelerate without thinking about what could happen next... There were only six possibilities that didn't involve that idiot hitting someone else, and out of those six, there was only one that didn't result in him getting hurt due to what's about to happen next."

"And what's about to happen?"

Shhhhhhhhhh...

"Don't shush me! I wanna know! What's gonna happen?!"

"3... 2..."

Kira braced herself, thinking the accident might actually happen once Roxy reached one... Or that something terrible would happen... Even if it wasn't going to happen to her or Roxy.

"1."

Without warning, the mustang burst into flames, sending the kid screaming as he vacated the scene and disappeared down the sidewalk.

"I'm not familiar with how these machines work, but basically, there's a fluid leaking inside the front end of that car, and while it sat there stopped, the metal disks behind the large circular objects on all four corners of the car remained at a very high temperature. Once the leaking fluid reached those hot pieces of metal, it ignited, burning the machine down to the ground and leaving only metal. I've remained quiet about the oddities of this world until now, but seriously? Machines powered by containing fire, and having those machines carry around an entire container full of the liquid that causes those fires... Sure doesn't seem safe to me."

"I... I guess it's not really safe..." Kira said to herself, knowing full well what could happen when cars fail unexpectedly. Her cousin had spent two years of his life stuck in a coma, all because one of his tires blew out on the highway and sent him crashing into the barrier... Why didn't his airbags deploy? Why did it have to be the only other person in her family who genuinely cared about casual kindness instead of just needing more money at all times? Why did-

"Best to do that mental whatever you're doing once we get back to this apartment of yours. I'm starting to get uncomfortable..." It was only now that Kira noticed the way Roxy had kept shifting ever so slightly, how she never seemed to find that comfy spot in her seat...

"I... I see. I'm sorry to waste time at a moment like this."

"It's okay. I spend several hours drifting from one reality to another until I moved us to this one where nobody got hurt. Nobody but me experienced that, so I doubt you would've been able to sense it."

"You were trapped there?"

"Not really. I could have left at any time, but I can't rush a decision like that. Picking the wrong one could have resulted in even more people getting hurt."

"I see..." Kira said, despite the fact that she truly didn't understand. Well, she understood, but she still couldn't believe any of it... Yet, both her mind and her body remember getting hit... They both remember the possibility in which her car was struck by the Mustang. Did Roxy exist outside of time? Did she control time?... No, she didn't control time... If she did, she'd never have to wait for a bathroom... If she existed outside of time... Would she still experience time? She said she was a child once, so she does experience time, she grows, she ages... So how does this strange power of hers actually work?

Guess it didn't matter right now... Roxy had told her what she needed, and Kira had to admit that she would probably be getting tired soon, so it would definitely be in her best interest to get back as fast as she safely could. What a contradiction... Rushed, yet made to stay safe...

The drive home was uneventful. There were no more idiots on the road, no red lights that lasted longer than expected, Kira's live stream had lit up with tons of questions and wild reactions, but that could wait until after she got home. Her stream was still going, but she wasn't paying any attention to it at all. Her mods could hit her up with everything she missed once she was home. Just because she streamed while driving doesn't necessarily mean she was distracted by it, mainly because she just talked, just went about her life, never actually looked at the stream. In fact, there had been several times her phone had lost connection, or the charger had come loose and her phone had died shortly thereafter and she didn't even notice until after she got home and looked at her phone, only to find it not streaming.

They arrived at Kira's apartment only twenty minutes later. It was the second floor above a garage. She parked her car in the side lot like usual, gently shook Roxy awake, and announced that they had arrived. Roxy let out a long yawn, then opened the car door and stepped out. Kira had to look at Roxy for a moment... Had she gotten shorter? Maybe she just wasn't standing up the whole way? No, she was definitely standing straight... And those eyes... They didn't look as bottomless as they had earlier...

"Are you okay?"

"Y-Yeah, I'm okay. Just a bit tired. Would you mind letting me in?"

"Oh, of course!" Kira had somehow forgotten than her guest had been needing to use the restroom for quite awhile now. I guess it was a good thing Kira hadn't bought slushies when the thought came to her that Roxy might like the sugary drinks. If she had, her guest might be in a much worse position right about now... Kira inserted the key into the lock and turned, resulting in the lock releasing and the door opening with ease, leading the two into a long hallway with wooden doors along the sides, ending in a staircase that turned around at the halfway point.

"Are there others living here?" Roxy asked, looking at all the different doors before her.

"No, these are just storage units. The garage underneath has a program where they recommend modifications for people's cars, and if the customers agree, the garage purchases the parts and holds them in these units until everything's ready and the customer brings their car in for the work to be done. I only found out a week ago when I saw one of the employees bring a large cart in here and I asked them what was up with all the numbered doors."

"I see. Sounds like they've got a good way to stay organized." Roxy said this with a smile, but it was obvious her mind was elsewhere.

"Anyway, my apartment is just at the top of the stairs there. The whole second floor is one big apartment." Kira said, motioning for her guest to follow her up the stairs.

Perhaps Roxy was feeling the discomfort more than she had originally let on... Was it really bothering her so much that it was difficult for her to follow Kira up the stairs? Kira paused, once again asking Roxy if she was okay. Once again, Roxy said she was okay, but she sounded a fair bit less confident this time. Her eyes looked heavy, her body slow and tense, almost weakly in appearance compared to earlier... And Kira could have sworn her guest was slightly shorter than earlier as well... For the moment, Kira just took Roxy's spare hand and took some of her weight, helping the poor girl up to the top of the stairs. Roxy was really light... Even though she wasn't all that tall at the moment, Kira had expected her to weight much more than roughly fifty pounds.

"I wonder if this is some kind of sickness..." Kira muttered to herself, not realizing she had said it out loud.

"Are you unwell, Kira?" Roxy asked, her face showing that it took genuine effort to raise her head and look Kira in the eyes.

"No, I'm fine! I was thinking about you... You seem to be struggling..."

"Yeah, the trip back took quite awhile. I'm really starting to feel the after effects..."

"I'm sorry it took so long. Let's just get you inside. I don't know how you got this small, but you're definitely light enough to carry now." Kira knelt down, bringing her waist down to ground level and leaning forwards. "Just throw your arms over my shoulders." Roxy did as she was instructed, using her arms to glue herself to Kira, who had a hold of Roxy's legs and was keeping her new friend pressed against her back. "I hope you know you owe me for this."

"I figured as much..." Roxy said, letting out another exhausted yawn as her arms moved ever so slightly, worrying Kira as to whether or not Roxy was going to be able to hang on.

Kira reached her apartment door and had to gently set Roxy down so she could get her key out of her pocket and unlock the door. With the door open, she went to pick Roxy back up, only to find her friend curled up, fast asleep. "You're gonna owe me bigtime for this." Kira picked Roxy up with an arm under her shoulders and another under her knees, noting that her new friend had yet again gotten even lighter, and possibly even smaller than she already was.

"I'll help you with... yaaaawwwwnnnn... Whatever you need... After I... Yawwwwwwnnnnnn... Get some rest." Her eyes weren't even open as she said this. Her body had almost gone entirely limp.

With the two inside the door and on their way to the restroom, Kira paused when she heard it... Trickle, trickle... Splashes as droplets hit the floor, then a gentle stream, lasting about twenty seconds of Kira trying to wake Roxy up but getting nowhere... It was obvious Roxy was past her limit... What that limit was, Kira wasn't sure... Roxy had said something about feeling the after effects, but hadn't explained anything else. Did using her power hurt her? Was it Kira's fault that this had happened? No... If it was anyone's fault, it was the idiot in the Mustang.

She could continue to pass blame as much as she wanted, or she could do something about Roxy's current condition, like towel her dry and get her comfy in bed. Kira set Roxy down, slowly, gently, making sure not to bend her body in any strange way. Roxy's body seemed unusually flexible, probably from her feline appearance, but there had to be limits, and Kira didn't want to find them by accident. She turned around to grab a towel and some vanilla scented spray safe for sensitive areas, then turned back around and... Where was Roxy? There was only a shadow where she had been, as if her body had refused to show itself... Kira reached out, expecting to feel something, but there was nothing there.

The shadow was all that was left of her new friend. Kira sat there, unable to process what had just happened, just staring at Roxy's shadow. She thought she was seeing things... Did the shadow just smile at her? The way its edges moved ever so gently... Almost as if it was breathing... Well, at least her friend was still alive... When Roxy had told Kira that magic was prevalent in her old world, Kira had expected wizards and witches and tales of epic battles and massive spells, not friends dissolving into shadows.

Kira started to step away, looking back to see if anything had changed. The shadow stayed exactly where it was. Somewhere in Kira's mind, a sense of correctness seeped in... Something told her that just doing her thing for the rest of the evening was the right thing to do... She couldn't explain it or where it came from.

Kira made herself a bowl of ice cream and sat down to watch Full House, having missed the chance to experience such amazing shows as a child due to her parents dictating her TV time to "constructional programs", which mainly consisted of boring cartoons designed to be educational. Having finished her ice cream and gotten an episode of Full House under her belt for the night, she checked her phone.

WHAT?! HER LIVE STREAM HAD BEEN GOING THE WHOLE TIME?! She must've been so distracted with her new friend's odd condition that she completely forgot to end the stream... She picked the phone up and asked a simple question in chat. "How much did you see?"

The replies were mixed, but they all pointed in the same general direction. Her phone camera had been partially covered by the edge of her pocket, so much of what happened wasn't fully visible, but they had seen Roxy get smaller, seen Kira set everything aside as she tried to help her strange new friend, and they had seen the accident... Most worrying of all, they had seen the transformation. They had seen the shadow that breathed like a person. They had seen Roxy dissolve. Apparently, in that moment, the camera had seen something that Kira's eyes hadn't. A small, gentle glow... Only a few frames of it, but it definitely looked like Roxy had straight up dissolved into her shadow, not just disappeared.

Only a few moments later, Kira had answered more questions in chat and was completely absorbed in her phone when she heard the voice. "What can I use to clean this up?"

She looked over and saw Roxy, or a smaller version of Roxy... It was strange to see how disproportionate she was... Her hands hadn't shrunk, her ears were still full sized, even her eyes looked mismatched in size, and she couldn't be more than three feet tall.

"How did you get that small?"

Roxy seemed to completely stop and look down at her body. She looked up, genuinely shocked. "I guess it hasn't come back completely yet..."

"Are you sure it's okay for you to be up and moving around if your size hasn't returned yet?"

"Well it's not going to happen any faster if I just sit around and do nothing." Roxy rubbed the back of her head with a remorseful look on her face. "I've never seen someone stare at my shadow for that long. Must've really scared ya, sorry...."

"I... I didn't know what happened... I'm just glad you're okay" Kira ran over to hug her friend, but fell to the floor as she phased right through Roxy after letting herself lean into the hug that simply didn't connect.

"It's gonna be a little bit before that will work. I can use magic to accomplish things while in this form, but it will take time for my body to return to me."

Kira rubbed her knee where it had struck the floor and looked up at Roxy with a concerned expression on her face. "What caused this?"

"I stopped them."

"You stopped the kid in the Mustang?"

"I stopped the other two."

"The other two?"

Kira found herself on the receiving end of yet another explanation of a complex magic system. Apparently, Roxy wasn't the only life within her soul. Roxy was the feline part, and also the physical part. However, there were two others that lived within her. There was Daisy, a fiery feline with fur covered in flame and eyes of ashen gold, and Stella, a flowing feline with watery fur and deep blue eyes. Apparently, Daisy was the voice of action and held incredible destructive power, on par with a level 2 fire mage, maybe approaching level 1 if pissed off enough and given enough time to gather energy.

Stella was the voice of protection and held the ability to shape her water into any form of barrier imaginable, unbreakable even by boulders from a rockslide, as Roxy had found out the unexpected way after expecting to be dead after the sudden rockslide caught her off guard and was too wide for her to simply leap out of the way. For Roxy's body to materialize in its proper shape and size, as well as actually exist completely in the material world, all three of them had to be in harmony. Even the slightest disturbance would cause her body to begin to dematerialize, resulting in shrinking, loss of mass, and at times, a rather strange appearance from mismatched proportions.

During the interaction with possibilities, Daisy had wished to simply blow the Mustang and its occupant out of existence, but Roxy had stopped her. Stella had wished to raise a barrier to stop the Mustang, but the collision would have injured the occupant, so Roxy had stopped her. This imbalance was what started the dematerialization, eventually leading into Roxy's form dissolving into only a shadow. She could project her body, but it was only an image at this point. The internal argument was still raging. Daisy couldn't believe Roxy had stopped her, and had threatened Roxy, claiming that while Daisy has always respected Roxy, she couldn't recognize a master who would not utilize all the weapons at her disposal. Stella had taken Roxy's side, trying to cool Daisy down, both figuratively and literally, but even without raging flames, Daisy was a rather feisty person and would not back down from an argument without a damn good reason.

*023*2025-05-26 13:43

{{8 hours ago, warham1995 said:

I see that roxy is slowly finding her magical potential.

}}

She's learning the embarrassing way that her power does not respond to the chaotic flow of the human world in a way that's even remotely similar to how it responded to the one singular natural flow of the old world.

She hasn't told Kira the entire truth. She's never had an argument within herself like this before. And never before has her body left her so quickly.

She's scared, scared that she can't control herself, so she's only using small fractions of what she can do and even then she's still running into unexpected issues like the internal argument and quickly her body dissolved.

But she doesn't want kira to know this out of fear that kira will leave her, just like the truck driver did. And that still doesn't answer her three biggest questions: where is she? Is there a way back to the old world? If there's not, what will become of her in this world... Will people of power try to hunt her down and use her as a weapon?

