The Fire That Burns In Her Soul

Author: Daredare205

*013*2025-05-14 23:48

Roxy's body was trapped in a state of fierce contradiction she had never felt before. She needed to find some way to relieve the painful pressure within her that was causing her such discomfort and forcing her body to display such indecency. Just get out the truck. It was simple enough, but her body refused to cooperate. Every movement was interrupted by her need, forcing her to stop what she was doing and keep her legs pressed together... Had to keep them together no matter what... Had to keep her hand on her lower lips... Had to keep pressing so hard it hurt and also... Somehow felt good? Didn't matter... She had to find a way to get rid of this pressure.

Dealing with whatever was going on was tearing her mind apart! Stepping down from the truck onto the ground was rather painful, the impact of landing gently sending a pang of pain and pressure through her bladder, an organ she had never used once in her life in her previous world. Something between a whimper and a moan escaped her lips without her permission, granting her a worried look from the man trying to get her to the toilet, or at this point, anywhere that wasn't inside his truck, which technically he had already accomplished...

The man leaned down and took her hand, helping her to stand back up. This would prove to be very uncomfortable for Roxy as her body submitted as many formal complaints and protests as it could, forcing her to double over and nearly begin to cry. Her body couldn't take any more of this, and she couldn't take much more either. She was well past her physical limit and was burning through her magic energy rapidly in an attempt to reach whatever this toilet thing was that the man was trying to take her to. She resolved to keep going, casting a double spell in a desperate attempt to contain the flood currently submitting a formal evacuation notice. It worked, with the cost of draining her magic so low it had eaten at her strength and stamina. The man walked slowly, holding her hand as they approached the rest stop's main building.

"Mhhhhhnnnnn" She had not granted permission for that sound to leave her lips, but it had done so anyway. She had reached her limit. She knew casting a double spell was dangerous, and now she was beginning to lose control of her body.

"Look, we're almost there!" The man pointed at the building just in front of them as he continued to tug on her hand as he walked, forcing her to keep pace with him despite her body's obvious struggle as it attempted to keep up with him.

"Nnnnnnn... Don't tug on me like that..." The words that defiantly escaped her lips caused the man to pause just in time to save her from a total loss of control as she ripped her hand from the man's grip and used it to increase the pressure her right hand had already been applying to her burning hot pussy. "I... Haaahhhh... I can't... Mhhhhnnnn... Keep going... Hnnnnnnn... Anymore...." Tears formed in her eyes as she found herself unable to complete the only task the man had given her: just reach the building right in front of her.

"I guess... Just go ahead and pee right there then..." The man said, as if this explained anything to her. He then turned his back to her.

Roxy couldn't believe it! Here she was, in such discomfort that it was becoming truly painful, and her only guide had quite literally turned his back to her! She honestly just wanted to cry, but she forced herself to hold onto whatever shreds of decency she had left. The only instruction she had been given was to go ahead and pee, whatever that meant.

Her attempt at clarifying his instructions came out as a whimper with the words in the background... "How do I do that?"

The man turned to face her, wearing an exaggerated expression of shock and confusion. "You don't know..." How could he even say this to someone? It was like calling her a baby!

The pain had eaten away at her mind and body, her attempt to avoid indecency no longer holding her back. She was already humiliated, so what was embarrassment to stop her now? "No, I don't! I've never felt like this before!" As soon as she realized she had said that out loud, her ears fell flat against her head and she found herself staring at the ground. Her body continued to tremble, her knees still braced against each other as the pain pulled her forwards and caused her to double over.

"Just... Let go..." The man could barely speak as his cheeks burned red hot with embarrassment. "Let all the liquid leave you."

"How do I do that?!" She squeaked, now actively shedding tears as the pain throbbed deeper and deeper into her.

The man realized he had no choice but to show her. Good thing there was nobody else here. His cheeks turned even more red, despite the fact that it was physically impossible for them to do that. His hands moved to his pants where he undid some sort of device that had been keeping the front of his pants closed. He revealed his most private and sacred organ and aimed it forwards. He pushed his waist forward and said "just let go, like this" and began to release a stream of yellowish liquid that hit the ground with a patter and a splash and began pooling at the landing site before running towards the edge of the paved parking lot.

Whatever Roxy was seeing had pushed her over the edge! She simply couldn't take it anymore! She felt something give out and a boiling hot flood began to burst forth from her pussy, hitting her hand and falling to the ground as it released a loud hissing sound followed almost immediately by a splashing and running sound as it pooled at her feet. She removed her hand and the liquid began running down her legs and causing her fur to stick to her. It seemed like the pain and discomfort was leaving her body along with the golden liquid that was spraying from her pussy like a pressure vessel that had sprung a sudden, dramatically large leak. Her cheeks burned with something between simple pleasure and a burning hot passion. She hoped to never have to experience such potent discomfort again, but she wouldn't mind at all if she got to experience the current sensation every day for the rest of her life.

When she looked up, the man was returning to his truck. She wanted to follow him, but her body was not done and refused to move. Finally, every drop of the golden fluid had finished leaving her body and she began to run towards his truck, but it left with a potent mechanical roar before she could reach it. With no idea where she was and no way to catch up with the only person she had met, she began to cry. Tears streaked down her face as she walked off the parking lot, across the sidewalk, and into the grass. She found a wooden structure just large enough to seat several people and took a seat. She buried her face in her hands and continued crying there at the picnic table for an unknown amount of time before drifting off to sleep without noticing.

*015*2025-05-17 19:46

Hours upon hours had gone by since Roxy had fallen asleep at the picnic table, and unbeknownst to her, she was becoming popular on social media as a feline cosplayer that had fallen asleep at a rest stop. Closeup pictures captured the incredible detail of her false teeth which looked incredibly real, and comments began to question where her original teeth were... Was it perhaps an entire inner mouth covering that hid her human teeth and provided attachments for the feline teeth? What was up with her ears? Comments speculated it could be a full head covering that hid her human ears and had the feline ears attached, but that didn't explain how the ears seemed to have depth as if they were real...

One thing that kept coming back to question was her tail, which had no seems and had no visible attachment to the rest of the suit. Many assumed the suit must have been homemade by an incredibly talented artist and craftsman. What else could explain the level of natural looking detail in every inch of her midnight blue fur, the depth and movement of her ears, the subtle movements of her tail as she slept, or the realistic feline teeth?

On the next picnic table over, an avid member of the furry and fursuiting community was running a live stream titled " ⭐😻 ✨ BEST FURSUIT EVER?! THE SLEEPING CAT AT THE REST AREA" which had held onto over 5,000 viewers as it neared the 3 hour mark. Once more, a viewer had donated real money in a super comment asking the live streamer to get up and give everyone an up close look at the incredible fursuit. Naturally, the live streamer had done this multiple times already, but the viewer who made this request had just joined the stream a few minutes back and had missed the previous close ups shots.

The live streamer began to walk towards the sleeping girl, slowly moving her phone camera around while trying to remain quiet and not disturb the peaceful girl that's been sleeping at the picnic table since the live streamer got there. That's when someone pointed out that it's the middle summer in Pittsburgh and it's mid-afternoon... Was the girl actually sleeping, or was she suffering heat illness from being trapped in the fursuit in the middle of the afternoon sun on a 95-degree day?

The streamer decided it was only right to make sure the girl was okay. She started by tapping gently on the table just a few inches from the girl's head. This resulted in the girl's ears twitching and her slightly shifting her position as she continued to remain otherwise unresponsive. The live streamer once again tapped the table, this time accidentally bumping the bench the girl was sleeping on. This prompted the girl to disappear upwards out of the frame of the live stream, leaving only two frames of blurry upwards movement in a 30 FPS live stream.

Chat exploded with amazement and confusion! The camera panned to the left to show that the girl had already landed and was straightening herself up as her eyes and ears examined the live streamer with a mix of defensive tension and curiosity. The camera didn't pick it up from the distance, but everyone in chat heard the streamer whisper to herself "what amazing detail!" in reference to Roxy's upright pupils that had changed size in the daylight. Usually, people use contacts to change their eye color or provide a false image of an altered eye, but she'd never seen a moving upright pupil before.

The live streamer was used to having to react in order to keep her streams going and not dwell on a moment of surprise or shock. "I'm Kira, I'm running a live stream right now. I'm sorry to wake you up, I just wanted to make sure you were okay in this heat..." Kira's voice trailed off as she continued...

"I'm Roxy." The girl said, continuing to study Kira standing before her. Everything Roxy did was too real, too natural... Her ears had locked onto Kira, moving only to check out a car driving down the highway before returning to Kira. Her eyes, a deep lavender, appeared to have a real depth behind them as if it was more than just artistic contacts. And the way her suit had moved with her... Most fursuits looked cartoony when their occupants moved too quickly, but this had moved with realistic precision. Not only that, but her tail had responded to the situation in earnest.

"Hi Roxy! May I ask where you had your suit made? It's got such incredible detail like I've never seen before!"

Roxy didn't know how to answer this question... It didn't help that the center of the question seemed to be the word suit, which was unfamiliar to Roxy. She simply stood there, visibly confused.

"You okay?" Kira began "Is the heat getting to you? We can go inside and get something cold to drink if you want"

"I'm okay" Said Roxy. "I'm just not sure what your question means. I only just got here yesterday, and I'm completely lost."

This served to stop Kira. She had thought her stream was revolving around the most amazing fursuit she had ever seen, but now she saw that it was about to turn personal for the girl before her, so she turned the camera to herself and promised to resume the stream once things had been figured out. She switched to a different app that replaced the live stream with her channel logo and the words "will return shortly".

Kira turned back to Roxy, looking for clarification on what she meant by 'just got here yesterday'. As it turned out, Roxy had spent the night in a random guy's truck before being abandoned here. Roxy explained how strange the land was, how there was no singular flow of the world's will, how she had never seen structures like the rest stop before, etc etc.. Needless to say, Kira was taken aback. She had been by herself since her roommate moved out a few months back and had been looking for company, but she would need to make sure she properly explained the situation to Roxy and would need to be certain that Roxy understood her, which she had the feeling would take more than one attempt.

Kira began by telling Roxy that she currently lived alone, and would enjoy the company if Roxy would like to come live with her. The conversation went on and on for over an hour with both sides presenting their perspectives and making sure the other side understood them. There was so much Roxy didn't know about the world that it seemed genuinely impossible. The conversation found its first major pause when Kira stopped mid sentence, closed her eyes, and put her hand on her forehead as if feeling for something that wasn't there. She suddenly looked much less colorful than she had just a moment before. This time, it was Roxy asking Kira if she was okay.

Kira said she thinks she's just a bit too hot, and was going to go inside to get something cold to drink. She motioned for Roxy to follow her, and the two entered the rest stop. The building consisted of a large, open interior with colorfully decorated setups featuring hot and cold food, specialty drinks at high prices, and shelves everywhere that led to a 7-eleven checkout. Roxy's nose led her to a counter where they had something called chicken prepared in many different ways: barbeque, spicy, patties for sandwiches, and plenty of rice, mashed potatoes, fries, and vegetables all in their own little pans along the top of a large steam table behind glass.

The man behind the counter looked up, wore a shocked expression, and had to do a double take before finally asking the strange girl what she would like to eat. Roxy just looked at him. "I'm not hungry. I'm just curious what all this is." The man began explaining the various ways chicken could be ordered: by itself, made into sandwiches, mixed with noodles and vegetables for stir fry (this was more expensive as it was made to order), and how you could get any mixture of sides you wanted like rice and broccoli or mashed potatoes and corn, etc etc...

The man realized the girl was no longer listening to him and was instead looking around as if searching for someone. He asked her if she was looking for the girl that had entered the rest stop with her, was told that she was indeed looking for that person, and pointed out that the girl had gone into the restroom a few minutes ago. He assured he not to worry, she would be out soon. As if it was on purpose, Kira exited the restroom at that exact moment. She briefly looked around, found Roxy standing in front of the chicken stall, and asked Roxy if she'd like some chicken. Kira explained that she was willing to pay for as much as Roxy wanted to get, especially since their earlier conversation revealed that Roxy had not eaten in over two days.

Cue a conversation where Roxy has no idea what anything there would taste like, and that she has never seen any food like this before. Kira ordered two chicken sandwiches with lettuce, tomato, pickle, and onion on the side, as well as a side of mashed potatoes and sweet corn. She asked for each portion to be on separate plates while she pulled out her glowing rectangle Roxy had learned was a smartphone, specifically a Samsung Galaxy S15, and held it up to a rectangular device attached to the counter. The device made a beep, and Kira was given two paper plates with the prepared orders on them.

*017*2025-05-23 00:15

As the two ate their fill, Kira started asking Roxy more and more about the world she came from. While there was no true hierarchy, those with oxen blood were considered to be the strongest physically, while those with canine blood were generally considered to be the wisest. Those with feline blood were known for their magical adaptability. Magic is only one of many energies that flow naturally through the world Roxy comes from. Almost anyone can access basic magical energy, but there are precious few that have a deeper connection to the flow and can draw forth significantly more energy than their peers.

Another important piece of the puzzle is precisely which frequency of magical energy your soul resonates the best with. This is often expressed as a magical trait like fire, wind, water, ice, etc etc... However, there are also those who lack magical traits but develop deep connections to certain magical creatures, like the lamplighter who resonates with the wolflike magic creatures known as fanged wisps. Roxy, however, never managed to develop any of these abilities. She consistently lost fights and failed school classes that revolved around magic due to many things: a lack of a magical attribute, lack of compatibility with ley line flows (prevents her from drawing power from ley lines), and a complete inability to cast even the most basic spells even when given specialized equipment and using the most basic of incantations.

While all this was true, there was one thing Roxy was really good at back in her old world: sneaking around. Her lack of a strong magical signature made her practically invisible to all but the most observant magic users. She routinely snuck out to visit a high enchanter with elk blood who lived up in the mountains. The man was an unstoppable machine who possessed a soul that simply never stopped producing straight up irresponsible amounts of incredibly dense magical energies. When he was young, this was problematic as it caused any magic devices he used to break almost instantly as they were overwhelmed and crushed underneath the weight of only a small fraction of his power.

As he grew up, he found himself venturing out of town more and more often and eventually made himself a home in the mountains. Once settled, he began practicing enchantments. His idea was simple: enchantments don't directly interact with a physical object, instead, they offer abilities to said physical object, like how an enchanted sword can have an impossibly sharp edge that never dulls or chips, but the moment the enchantment is broken, the sword breaks. Many believed that this was due to a little understood phenomenon known as magic backlash, essentially meaning that the breaking of the enchantment placed upon the sword created a magical shockwave that reverberated throughout the sword until it broke.

This was proven wrong when Jakol's Mountain Gear, the man's first attempt at producing and selling enchanted items, was a resounding success. With such overwhelming magical power, Jakol was used to everyday objects breaking almost instantly, so he made his magic tools much more resilient. The result were magic tools that possessed so much latent energy that they only needed a small amount of magical energy in order to produce massive results. You could either manually recharge the tools instantly by feeding them with your own magical energy, or you could just set them down for a while and they would soak up energy from the natural flow. The man had shown Roxy his secrets, as he believed Roxy may be in a similar situation to himself.

After all, he does not possess a magical attribute, is unable to use regular magic tools without breaking them, and does not receive any energy from ley lines. Years of Roxy sneaking out to visit him had resulted in a disappointing conclusion: Roxy's situation is not the same as his. It's obvious that there's an incredible amount of energy within her, but she is unable to call upon that energy unless her life is in danger. It's almost like her power has a mind of its own and simply refuses to listen to her unless she's in mortal danger.

Sensing that the story had ended and Roxy had begun to await a response, Kira looked up with no idea what to say. Kira comes from a wealthy family and has always had everything she could ever want, so a struggle like Roxy's didn't really resonate with her. However, Kira could get the basic idea: Roxy was unable to use abilities that came naturally to everyone else in the world she grew up in... Almost like a disability. Kira's idea was simple: take Roxy back to her apartment, take time to truly get to know her, become good friends with her, and learn as much as she could about magic. That brought a question to mind...

"Hey Roxy, does the world you come from have wizards?"

"What's a wizard?"

"Well, it's like someone who has magic powers granted by ancient spirits or some sort of magic that is greater than regular magic... There are lots of movies about wizards and many of them depict them differently, so it's hard to tell if any of them actually have a real world basis."

Roxy thought about the information for a moment. "I guess... The girl who always wandered the forest could be considered a wizard..."

"Usually we call female wizards witches." Kira interrupted, not realizing she had just brought up something completely different than the 'wizard' Roxy was thinking of.

"I don't think wizards and witches are the same thing. To be a witch was a profession, not a title based on capabilities. Also, male witches are called warlocks, not wizards. In fact, I remember the witch of the second peak... She had this black cat that was always there but I always felt like it also wasn't there at all... I don't know how to describe it... Anyway, she made medicine and potions and tended a large garden of medicinal herbs. I'd say that's pretty typical for a witch or a warlock."

While Roxy had continued talking, Kira had pulled out her phone and searched the word wizard. She showed Roxy the first result for the word wizard: a tall, aged, slender man wearing a long, elaborate robe and carrying a complicated looking staff with a wooden stalk and a gemstone on the top.

"So they're basically everyday people that wear robes and carry magical conduits?"

Roxy had missed the point. The picture wasn't intended for Roxy to tear it apart, it was to show her what a wizard was so that Roxy could answer the first question: did her old world have wizards?... Kira pressed to get Roxy back on track...

"I've seen people that carry staffs and wands, but magical conduits like the one in that picture are usually only for training. Staffs and wands are made from hardened materials, and do not feature gemstones as they're meant to control magic power, not gather it."

Kira sighed, pressing her fingers to the bridge of her nose. "I just want to know if people that look like this were present in the world you came from..."

"I guess some looked similar, but I can't say I've seen an exact match."

Kira's eyes lit up with curiosity and wonder! "Tell me everything you know about these wizards!"

"I mean, I've only met one that comes anywhere close to that picture. He has boar and stone wisp blood, carries a long staff, and wears long robes. He's an elemental caster who excels in wind magic. Unfortunately, I only got to see him for a moment. He was attempting to stop an avalanche, and failed in a rather... Unique way. He kept daring the calamity to strike him and bury him with all its fury. He screamed these words into the sky as if commanding nature to do as he pleased. I can't say whether the avalanche listened to him or not... He probably just got hit because he was standing right in the way. That's when all the snow was thrown into the sky and fell as a gentle snow for weeks. I would say he was about a class seven wind sorcerer.

When I looked back down, his staff was in pieces and his arm had been torn from his body. He died there on the mountain. He saved over 3,000 lives in the towns at the base of the mountain. There's a shrine there now, and many regularly offer grace to the location in order to thank him for his protection and his sacrifice. Many claim to have seen him wandering near the area, but there's never been concrete proof. After a few years, the excitement died down and only the truly dedicated climbed the mountain to offer their grace to his shrine, which had deteriorated greatly in the harsh elements. I was actually going to visit his shrine once the seasons changed and the journey would be less treacherous, but I got pulled into this world before that could happen."

"So is level 7 good? Like is that a high level?"

"It's less than halfway to level 5."

"But 7 is higher than 5..."

"Everybody is assumed to be at level 10 until they demonstrate magical abilities denoting a higher level. Each level requires magical abilities ten times higher than the previous level. Some can cheat the system by using great deals of energy in very short bursts, but they usually get found out when they can't do it again without resting first. I'm a level 10. Level 9 would be ten times more powerful than me, and level 8 would be ten times more powerful than level 9, all the way up to level 3. Level 2 is 100 times more powerful than level 3, and level 1 is 1,000 times more powerful than level 2.

I'm told the reason it's so hard to reach the higher levels is to stop anyone from throwing away their daily lives in pursuit of magical power, however, there are those that are truly gifted and have risen to level 2 in only a few decades, although there are only three people that have ever reached level 1. First would be Arthranice Judenclay, the mother of the Great Northern Forest that stretches across the entire northern continent, or about 1/3 of the planet. She's called the mother of the forest because she took a bet from a friend with her life savings on the line, and lost. The bet was to plant a tree in the northern continent and keep it alive for more than a single year."

"So if she lost, then how did she become legendary?"

"Because she broke a taboo that kills people, but she did not die... At least, not in the way you would normally die..."

"So she's like a ghost?"

"If you mean a wandering spirit, then no, she's not like that. When her tree died, she refused to hand over her life savings because it had not been one year yet. She claimed she could bring it back to life. There are two ways to bring things back to life. The first is to find some part of it that hasn't completely died yet and spread that life through its entire being. She tried and tried, but there was no escaping the fact that the tree was completely and utterly dead as it sat with only her as company in the frozen wasteland. The second method is to convert your life force into usable energy and use that to create new life.

She succeeded in bringing the tree back to life through this method, however, it could not survive without good soil, not to mention the harsh conditions that froze it solid once again... Her tree once again died. Knowing that she was about to lose over sixty years of hard work and savings, she gave in to taboo and fused her soul with the dead tree. It is not known how she accomplished this.

Normally, transferring one's soul to an object without special magic tools would not be possible. The theory that is referenced most often is that she went so deeply insane that her soul went insane with her, changing her energy into something unnatural that was able to break the barrier between life and death. The Great Northern Forest, which covers 1/3 of the planet, is actually just that one tree that just never stopped taking root and growing more trunks and branches until it reached all six shores and ran out of land to root itself on. In fact, over half of the world's ley lines consist of energy provided mainly by the Great Northern Forest."

Kira stopped her there, pointing out that it was getting late and she had to get back before it got dark.

Yet another oddity of this world that seemed so strange to Roxy... The people here cannot see in the dark due to their eyes being mainly built for daylight, so they attach lights to their vehicles in order to light up the path in front of them, yet despite this source of light that cuts through the natural darkness, they still prefer to return to their homes before nightfall.

*019*2025-05-23 16:39

{{15 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Wow, more lore?

}}

Yeah, I'm building to something with all this info on Roxy's old world. I haven't decided exactly what I'm doing next just yet... I'm working on figuring out a the two worlds aren't as far apart as they appear kind of thing, but I've tried writing it a few different ways and it's just not tickling my fancy.

The previous chapter with the wizard conversation actually underwent several revisions as well due to it containing hints at the next chapter, and was rewritten so that removing the parts attaching it to the next chapter wouldn't leave it feeling like it was missing anything.

It may be a few days before I get the next part out. I'm at a turning point, but I'm trying to figure out which direction I want the story to turn. I've got a few ideas and I'm gonna try a few of them and see what works out the best.

*021*2025-05-26 02:58

As the two approached a red light about ten minutes after getting off the interstate, Kira resumed her live stream and talked about her experiences so far with Mrs. Roxy, who seems to genuinely be from another world. The strange girl is in fact not wearing a suit. The fur, ears and tail are all attached to her body, just like how her upright eyes seem to have such impossible depth to them. The part Kira found the strangest was that Roxy had admitted to not eating anything in two whole days, yet did not seem hungry...

She genuinely seemed more intrigued in the types of food present in this world rather than actually getting something to eat, although it did bring a smile to Kira's face to see that she had enjoyed her chicken sandwich, despite the fact that she had disassembled it and ate each ingredient separately. Currently, Kira was slowly raising her voice back to a more normal level, keeping an eye on her sleeping passenger so as not to wake her. That's exactly when it happened. Kira had noted the light that had freshly turned green and slowly accelerated, matching the car in front of her as she kept a safe distance between their cars, and then...

So much happened in such a short amount of time. Kira was sure she had heard, felt, and seen the impact. She had experienced the crash. She had felt her bones snap as the car tumbled end over end and slammed roof first into a utility pole. She had seen her passenger smack her head off the imploded roof and spill blood everywhere, yet here she was, sitting at the red light, looking at Roxy as if she was observing a real life ghost. The light turned green. The car in front of her started to accelerate... Kira was stuck between that wasn't real and that was a warning, leaving her no objective evidence that any of it had actually happened. She checked her body, no signs of injury, no pain other than the usual dull ache from the padding in the seat that the mechanic around the corner swore he had stuffed correctly...

She got beeped at. Panicking, Kira began the motion to put her foot onto the gas pedal, when Roxy simply said "wait" without fully waking up. Her eyes drifted upwards, ahead of the car in front of her, onto the road in the distance, looking for any signs of the danger Roxy had warned her about. She got beeped at again. She was about to raise a middle finger at the guy behind her, but then she heard the sounds of tires screeching. It all happened so fast, yet with her mind in a panicked overdrive, it all seemed to be in slow motion...

A Mustang, driven by a kid far too young to have a license, had locked up all four wheels in a desperate attempt to stop, but its momentum was carrying it through the red light and across the intersection where Kira's traffic was obeying their green light. The Mustang slid through the entire intersection, narrowly missing several cars, and came to a stop on the far side of the intersection, tire smoke beginning to clear in the gentle wind as the kid got out of the car, looking at the intersection and shaking with fear. He didn't get back in the car. He simply sat down on the curb and kept his hands on his head.

Kira could only sit there stunned. She looked at the car, at the kid, at Roxy, back at the car, and it began to process in her mind... "How did you know?"

"Know what?" Roxy mumbled, her eyes lazily opening as she looked over at Kira with those bottomless lavender eyes that seemed to do more than just look at Kira.

"How did you know that car would hit us?" Kira said, nearly shouting as she began shaking. "How could you have known? How did you know he would send us flying? What told you to tell me to wait?"

Roxy just looked at Kira as if she was contemplating whether it was worth the effort to explain to a child that the grape juice had spilled because they had tipped the cup over... As if something so simple required an explanation... "I just didn't want to see you get hurt."

"Yes, but how did you know it would happen? He came from behind that building over there. Nobody could see him until it was already too late. If I hadn't waited, we would have been hit."

"And the car would have tumbled six times, slid on its side, and hit that metal spire over there before the top collapsed inwards, tearing one of my ears off, breaking my skull, giving me a strong brain injury, and triggering magiphylaxis." The words were so dull and devoid of panic or fear, it was like Roxy was reading from a textbook she took absolutely zero interest in.

Kira had no way of processing the fact that everything Roxy had said was spot on, despite Kira having no idea what magiphylaxis was. "So it did happen?"

The words that came from Roxy's mouth seemed less like a conversation and more like a speech that had been written down ahead of time. "It was only a possibility that had already happened. I cannot emphasize enough the need for you to be careful from here on out. I can only fold possibilities once every sixteen kitsconils..." Roxy paused, putting a hand to her chin. "I think that's about five days in your time... Although I could be off on that... I'm only just learning minutes, hours, days, and so on."

"So it's something that could have happened?" Kira asked, still trying to understand how this could have possibly happened.

"Look, trying to explain this to someone with no psychic presence and no connection to the natural flow around them is like trying to teach a bird to build a log cabin. Yes, they can build a nest, and they can make themselves a home, but they lack the tools necessary to refine trees into properly shaped building materials. It would be best to stick to what you can do, as will I. I doubt operating these machines will ever match my skillset."

Kira wanted to stay quiet, she really did... She wasn't sure whether to be insulted or amazed... Currently, those two sensations had mixed together into one big soup, boiling over and pushing the lid off of the pot that was her mind, pushing the question out of her mouth. "And what is your skillset?"

"Keeping people safe." Roxy said, letting out a powerful yawn and sinking back into the passenger seat. "It's not easy. There were 118 different possibilities for that crash, and that's only counting the ones I saw. I had to interact with you, make the driver behind you honk at you instead of going around you, because he did that in the seventeenth one I saw, and he got hit instead of you... So many people that just throw patience out the window and accelerate without thinking about what could happen next... There were only six possibilities that didn't involve that idiot hitting someone else, and out of those six, there was only one that didn't result in him getting hurt due to what's about to happen next."

"And what's about to happen?"

Shhhhhhhhhh...

"Don't shush me! I wanna know! What's gonna happen?!"

"3... 2..."

Kira braced herself, thinking the accident might actually happen once Roxy reached one... Or that something terrible would happen... Even if it wasn't going to happen to her or Roxy.

"1."

Without warning, the mustang burst into flames, sending the kid screaming as he vacated the scene and disappeared down the sidewalk.

"I'm not familiar with how these machines work, but basically, there's a fluid leaking inside the front end of that car, and while it sat there stopped, the metal disks behind the large circular objects on all four corners of the car remained at a very high temperature. Once the leaking fluid reached those hot pieces of metal, it ignited, burning the machine down to the ground and leaving only metal. I've remained quiet about the oddities of this world until now, but seriously? Machines powered by containing fire, and having those machines carry around an entire container full of the liquid that causes those fires... Sure doesn't seem safe to me."

"I... I guess it's not really safe..." Kira said to herself, knowing full well what could happen when cars fail unexpectedly. Her cousin had spent two years of his life stuck in a coma, all because one of his tires blew out on the highway and sent him crashing into the barrier... Why didn't his airbags deploy? Why did it have to be the only other person in her family who genuinely cared about casual kindness instead of just needing more money at all times? Why did-

"Best to do that mental whatever you're doing once we get back to this apartment of yours. I'm starting to get uncomfortable..." It was only now that Kira noticed the way Roxy had kept shifting ever so slightly, how she never seemed to find that comfy spot in her seat...

"I... I see. I'm sorry to waste time at a moment like this."

"It's okay. I spend several hours drifting from one reality to another until I moved us to this one where nobody got hurt. Nobody but me experienced that, so I doubt you would've been able to sense it."

"You were trapped there?"

"Not really. I could have left at any time, but I can't rush a decision like that. Picking the wrong one could have resulted in even more people getting hurt."

"I see..." Kira said, despite the fact that she truly didn't understand. Well, she understood, but she still couldn't believe any of it... Yet, both her mind and her body remember getting hit... They both remember the possibility in which her car was struck by the Mustang. Did Roxy exist outside of time? Did she control time?... No, she didn't control time... If she did, she'd never have to wait for a bathroom... If she existed outside of time... Would she still experience time? She said she was a child once, so she does experience time, she grows, she ages... So how does this strange power of hers actually work?

Guess it didn't matter right now... Roxy had told her what she needed, and Kira had to admit that she would probably be getting tired soon, so it would definitely be in her best interest to get back as fast as she safely could. What a contradiction... Rushed, yet made to stay safe...

The drive home was uneventful. There were no more idiots on the road, no red lights that lasted longer than expected, Kira's live stream had lit up with tons of questions and wild reactions, but that could wait until after she got home. Her stream was still going, but she wasn't paying any attention to it at all. Her mods could hit her up with everything she missed once she was home. Just because she streamed while driving doesn't necessarily mean she was distracted by it, mainly because she just talked, just went about her life, never actually looked at the stream. In fact, there had been several times her phone had lost connection, or the charger had come loose and her phone had died shortly thereafter and she didn't even notice until after she got home and looked at her phone, only to find it not streaming.

They arrived at Kira's apartment only twenty minutes later. It was the second floor above a garage. She parked her car in the side lot like usual, gently shook Roxy awake, and announced that they had arrived. Roxy let out a long yawn, then opened the car door and stepped out. Kira had to look at Roxy for a moment... Had she gotten shorter? Maybe she just wasn't standing up the whole way? No, she was definitely standing straight... And those eyes... They didn't look as bottomless as they had earlier...

"Are you okay?"

"Y-Yeah, I'm okay. Just a bit tired. Would you mind letting me in?"

"Oh, of course!" Kira had somehow forgotten than her guest had been needing to use the restroom for quite awhile now. I guess it was a good thing Kira hadn't bought slushies when the thought came to her that Roxy might like the sugary drinks. If she had, her guest might be in a much worse position right about now... Kira inserted the key into the lock and turned, resulting in the lock releasing and the door opening with ease, leading the two into a long hallway with wooden doors along the sides, ending in a staircase that turned around at the halfway point.

"Are there others living here?" Roxy asked, looking at all the different doors before her.

"No, these are just storage units. The garage underneath has a program where they recommend modifications for people's cars, and if the customers agree, the garage purchases the parts and holds them in these units until everything's ready and the customer brings their car in for the work to be done. I only found out a week ago when I saw one of the employees bring a large cart in here and I asked them what was up with all the numbered doors."

"I see. Sounds like they've got a good way to stay organized." Roxy said this with a smile, but it was obvious her mind was elsewhere.

"Anyway, my apartment is just at the top of the stairs there. The whole second floor is one big apartment." Kira said, motioning for her guest to follow her up the stairs.

Perhaps Roxy was feeling the discomfort more than she had originally let on... Was it really bothering her so much that it was difficult for her to follow Kira up the stairs? Kira paused, once again asking Roxy if she was okay. Once again, Roxy said she was okay, but she sounded a fair bit less confident this time. Her eyes looked heavy, her body slow and tense, almost weakly in appearance compared to earlier... And Kira could have sworn her guest was slightly shorter than earlier as well... For the moment, Kira just took Roxy's spare hand and took some of her weight, helping the poor girl up to the top of the stairs. Roxy was really light... Even though she wasn't all that tall at the moment, Kira had expected her to weight much more than roughly fifty pounds.

"I wonder if this is some kind of sickness..." Kira muttered to herself, not realizing she had said it out loud.

"Are you unwell, Kira?" Roxy asked, her face showing that it took genuine effort to raise her head and look Kira in the eyes.

"No, I'm fine! I was thinking about you... You seem to be struggling..."

"Yeah, the trip back took quite awhile. I'm really starting to feel the after effects..."

"I'm sorry it took so long. Let's just get you inside. I don't know how you got this small, but you're definitely light enough to carry now." Kira knelt down, bringing her waist down to ground level and leaning forwards. "Just throw your arms over my shoulders." Roxy did as she was instructed, using her arms to glue herself to Kira, who had a hold of Roxy's legs and was keeping her new friend pressed against her back. "I hope you know you owe me for this."

"I figured as much..." Roxy said, letting out another exhausted yawn as her arms moved ever so slightly, worrying Kira as to whether or not Roxy was going to be able to hang on.

Kira reached her apartment door and had to gently set Roxy down so she could get her key out of her pocket and unlock the door. With the door open, she went to pick Roxy back up, only to find her friend curled up, fast asleep. "You're gonna owe me bigtime for this." Kira picked Roxy up with an arm under her shoulders and another under her knees, noting that her new friend had yet again gotten even lighter, and possibly even smaller than she already was.

"I'll help you with... yaaaawwwwnnnn... Whatever you need... After I... Yawwwwwwnnnnnn... Get some rest." Her eyes weren't even open as she said this. Her body had almost gone entirely limp.

With the two inside the door and on their way to the restroom, Kira paused when she heard it... Trickle, trickle... Splashes as droplets hit the floor, then a gentle stream, lasting about twenty seconds of Kira trying to wake Roxy up but getting nowhere... It was obvious Roxy was past her limit... What that limit was, Kira wasn't sure... Roxy had said something about feeling the after effects, but hadn't explained anything else. Did using her power hurt her? Was it Kira's fault that this had happened? No... If it was anyone's fault, it was the idiot in the Mustang.

She could continue to pass blame as much as she wanted, or she could do something about Roxy's current condition, like towel her dry and get her comfy in bed. Kira set Roxy down, slowly, gently, making sure not to bend her body in any strange way. Roxy's body seemed unusually flexible, probably from her feline appearance, but there had to be limits, and Kira didn't want to find them by accident. She turned around to grab a towel and some vanilla scented spray safe for sensitive areas, then turned back around and... Where was Roxy? There was only a shadow where she had been, as if her body had refused to show itself... Kira reached out, expecting to feel something, but there was nothing there.

The shadow was all that was left of her new friend. Kira sat there, unable to process what had just happened, just staring at Roxy's shadow. She thought she was seeing things... Did the shadow just smile at her? The way its edges moved ever so gently... Almost as if it was breathing... Well, at least her friend was still alive... When Roxy had told Kira that magic was prevalent in her old world, Kira had expected wizards and witches and tales of epic battles and massive spells, not friends dissolving into shadows.

Kira started to step away, looking back to see if anything had changed. The shadow stayed exactly where it was. Somewhere in Kira's mind, a sense of correctness seeped in... Something told her that just doing her thing for the rest of the evening was the right thing to do... She couldn't explain it or where it came from.

Kira made herself a bowl of ice cream and sat down to watch Full House, having missed the chance to experience such amazing shows as a child due to her parents dictating her TV time to "constructional programs", which mainly consisted of boring cartoons designed to be educational. Having finished her ice cream and gotten an episode of Full House under her belt for the night, she checked her phone.

WHAT?! HER LIVE STREAM HAD BEEN GOING THE WHOLE TIME?! She must've been so distracted with her new friend's odd condition that she completely forgot to end the stream... She picked the phone up and asked a simple question in chat. "How much did you see?"

The replies were mixed, but they all pointed in the same general direction. Her phone camera had been partially covered by the edge of her pocket, so much of what happened wasn't fully visible, but they had seen Roxy get smaller, seen Kira set everything aside as she tried to help her strange new friend, and they had seen the accident... Most worrying of all, they had seen the transformation. They had seen the shadow that breathed like a person. They had seen Roxy dissolve. Apparently, in that moment, the camera had seen something that Kira's eyes hadn't. A small, gentle glow... Only a few frames of it, but it definitely looked like Roxy had straight up dissolved into her shadow, not just disappeared.

Only a few moments later, Kira had answered more questions in chat and was completely absorbed in her phone when she heard the voice. "What can I use to clean this up?"

She looked over and saw Roxy, or a smaller version of Roxy... It was strange to see how disproportionate she was... Her hands hadn't shrunk, her ears were still full sized, even her eyes looked mismatched in size, and she couldn't be more than three feet tall.

"How did you get that small?"

Roxy seemed to completely stop and look down at her body. She looked up, genuinely shocked. "I guess it hasn't come back completely yet..."

"Are you sure it's okay for you to be up and moving around if your size hasn't returned yet?"

"Well it's not going to happen any faster if I just sit around and do nothing." Roxy rubbed the back of her head with a remorseful look on her face. "I've never seen someone stare at my shadow for that long. Must've really scared ya, sorry...."

"I... I didn't know what happened... I'm just glad you're okay" Kira ran over to hug her friend, but fell to the floor as she phased right through Roxy after letting herself lean into the hug that simply didn't connect.

"It's gonna be a little bit before that will work. I can use magic to accomplish things while in this form, but it will take time for my body to return to me."

Kira rubbed her knee where it had struck the floor and looked up at Roxy with a concerned expression on her face. "What caused this?"

"I stopped them."

"You stopped the kid in the Mustang?"

"I stopped the other two."

"The other two?"

Kira found herself on the receiving end of yet another explanation of a complex magic system. Apparently, Roxy wasn't the only life within her soul. Roxy was the feline part, and also the physical part. However, there were two others that lived within her. There was Daisy, a fiery feline with fur covered in flame and eyes of ashen gold, and Stella, a flowing feline with watery fur and deep blue eyes. Apparently, Daisy was the voice of action and held incredible destructive power, on par with a level 2 fire mage, maybe approaching level 1 if pissed off enough and given enough time to gather energy.

Stella was the voice of protection and held the ability to shape her water into any form of barrier imaginable, unbreakable even by boulders from a rockslide, as Roxy had found out the unexpected way after expecting to be dead after the sudden rockslide caught her off guard and was too wide for her to simply leap out of the way. For Roxy's body to materialize in its proper shape and size, as well as actually exist completely in the material world, all three of them had to be in harmony. Even the slightest disturbance would cause her body to begin to dematerialize, resulting in shrinking, loss of mass, and at times, a rather strange appearance from mismatched proportions.

During the interaction with possibilities, Daisy had wished to simply blow the Mustang and its occupant out of existence, but Roxy had stopped her. Stella had wished to raise a barrier to stop the Mustang, but the collision would have injured the occupant, so Roxy had stopped her. This imbalance was what started the dematerialization, eventually leading into Roxy's form dissolving into only a shadow. She could project her body, but it was only an image at this point. The internal argument was still raging. Daisy couldn't believe Roxy had stopped her, and had threatened Roxy, claiming that while Daisy has always respected Roxy, she couldn't recognize a master who would not utilize all the weapons at her disposal. Stella had taken Roxy's side, trying to cool Daisy down, both figuratively and literally, but even without raging flames, Daisy was a rather feisty person and would not back down from an argument without a damn good reason.

*023*2025-05-26 13:43

{{8 hours ago, warham1995 said:

I see that roxy is slowly finding her magical potential.

}}

She's learning the embarrassing way that her power does not respond to the chaotic flow of the human world in a way that's even remotely similar to how it responded to the one singular natural flow of the old world.

She hasn't told Kira the entire truth. She's never had an argument within herself like this before. And never before has her body left her so quickly.

She's scared, scared that she can't control herself, so she's only using small fractions of what she can do and even then she's still running into unexpected issues like the internal argument and quickly her body dissolved.

But she doesn't want kira to know this out of fear that kira will leave her, just like the truck driver did. And that still doesn't answer her three biggest questions: where is she? Is there a way back to the old world? If there's not, what will become of her in this world... Will people of power try to hunt her down and use her as a weapon?

