Time Warp (Fantasy Worlds)

Author: dolodi

*000*2017-07-09 21:20

Okay, so it's been a while since I've had the motivation to write a fully fledged story. I know this is only an intro, but I'm working on the other chapters and how best to arrange them and connect them. I'm not sure if I want to do scene skips or flesh out every scene so they connect. There's still a couple ideas I'm playing with, but I know the plot and story arc I'm aiming for. I know it's not a lot at the moment and barely involves omo, but there will be a lot of that in the chapters to come. So in the meantime read and review!

Time Warp (Modern Earth)

Danielle stepped off the air-conditioned tour bus and immediately felt the heat wash over her. The sun had been a constant all day, which although was a pain, also meant no shitty weather to ruin their sight-seeing. Stepping away from the door, she took off her grey college sweatshirt briefly exposing her toned tummy, before tying it around her waist. Now free of her sweater she felt the afternoon breeze which made the beating sun slightly more bearable. She quickly took her phone out of her back pocket of her jean short-shorts and texted her friend Kaylie, ‘Hey can you grab my water before you get off the bus? It’s still hot as hell’.

Danielle and Kaylie decided to go backpacking through Europe the summer before they started college, they met up with their friend Natalia who did a summer semester abroad after finishing her Freshman year of college a few weeks prior. Nati took a week of school off to catch up with and adventure with her two best friends. Stepping off the bus, Kaylie stood at 5’9” wearing form-fitting sport shorts and light blue t-shirt she got at Theatre Camp the year prior. She had a darker blue bandana adorning her head, being used to push back her locks of silky blonde hair. Spinning around in her black converse, she finally spotted her friend Danielle.

As she walked towards her, water in hand, she admired her slightly shorter friend. Danielle stood at 5’7” in her customary jean short-shorts, and a purple tank top. Her sweater was tied around her waist slightly covering her toned legs and perfect thigh gap. She finished off the look with flip flops. Roving her eyes back up her body, she couldn’t help but have her stare linger at Danielle’s breasts where little pokies could be seen; blushing at this Kaylie quickly brought her eyes up to Danielle’s face where sparkling green eyes met her own blue. Her friend had chosen to wear her hair down today showing off her dirty-blonde curls, rather than the customary ponytail she could always be seen sporting on the soccer field.

“Here’s your water, I hope you don’t mind I took a swig?” Kaylie remarked as she handed Danielle the big bottle, knowing the answer already.

After taking a large gulp, Danielle inquired after their third friend Nati. “She’s still waiting for the old guy to get out of the bathroom, we think he may have fallen asleep.” Kaylie replied with a slight laugh. However, Nati chose that moment to descend the bus stairs.

“What are you two laughing at?” Nati asked as she moseyed her way through the crowd towards their little group. Natalia, or Nati as she preferred, stood at 5’7” and had chosen to wear a deep red shirt with her college logo on it, paired with white short-shorts. To finish out the look she had white converse, and Ray-Bans covering her incredibly blue eyes. Her two friends considered her a heart-breaker, always alluding to the fact that she had the face of an angel and a body to kill for. Her golden-blonde locks were up in a messy bun today. “Never mind, I don’t want to know. You two ready to explore!?”

Without a second glance, she strode forward towards the majestic castle that miraculously suffered minor dilapidation in its hundreds of years. With a quick glance at each other, Danielle and Kaylie quickly ran to catch up to their overly-hyper friend.

