Goldilocks and the Three Bears' Toilets

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2024-03-11 20:06

I have another fairytale story for you! I was getting a lot of positive feedback posting the last fairytale stories on the omorashi board and I just decided that I could probably make fairytale omorashi stories of most fairytales if I just looked at a list of them and thought about it for a few minutes, so I asked if anyone had a request and somebody suggested Goldilocks and I started getting a whole bunch of ideas for it, and then last night I didn't think I had time to write one of the longer stories I was hoping to write, so I just decided to go for it, so I hope you enjoy.

Goldilocks and the Three Bears' Toilets

Goldilocks was walking through the woods when all of a sudden she noticed that nature had to call. However as she looked around at all of the forest and all of the trees she realized that there didn't seem to be a bathroom anywhere nearby.

"God dammit don't they put bathrooms anywhere these days?" Goldilocks asked as she began hopping up and down and jumping up and down grabbing herself. She didn't realize up until that point just how profoundly badly she had to go to the bathroom, but if she didn't find a toilet soon she was definitely going to piss herself.

As the sound of a nearby stream and waterfall was driving her frantic that was when she saw her salvation when she saw a house in the woods.

"I know I probably shouldn't just ask some random stranger whose house just seems to be mysteriously in the woods like they're some kind of weird libertarian survivalists or something if I can use their bathroom, as that probably isn't going to lead to anything good, but wow this is an emergency, so I just have to hope that no serial killers live there!" Goldilocks said as she began running towards the house and knocked on the door as she stood there crossing and uncrossing her legs. "Hello, is anybody home?"

Eventually she could wait no longer and she pushed opened the door to find that it was unlocked. When she got into the house she didn't see any sign of a bathroom right away but she did see a whole bunch of bowls of porridge that seemed to be sitting out.

"Well you know walking in the forest and having to go to the bathroom does actually work up an appetite," she said as she tried the first bowl of porridge." This porridge is way too hot, but what the hell I'll eat it anyway," she said as she guzzled down the porridge before turning to the second bowl and tasting it. "This bowl is too cold, but the one that was too hot didn't fill me up enough, so down the hatch I guess!" she said as she guzzled down the next bowl of porridge before trying the third one. "Well this one is just right, I probably should have eaten this one first, and since I already ate the first two why not?"

As Goldilocks realized that she had probably been rather rude going into an open house and eating all of the food in that house, and realized that a person who lived in the woods could be a serial killer and that maybe these were drugged with roofies or something like that, she figured she should probably get out of there until she remembered that she had to go to the bathroom really bad, and all that porridge that she ate probably wasn't helping.

"Dammit there has to be a bathroom around here somewhere," she said as she finally found a door that looked like it was to the bathroom. "Well there are three separate toilet seats and no stall dividers, whoever built this place obviously isn't very bashful."

Goldilocks went to sit down on the first seat but she found it blisteringly cold and immediately jumped up.

"Well I'm not going to freeze my ass off sitting on that one," she said as she sat on the next one only to find that it was warm and that immediately creeped her out and she jumped up. "I hope that whoever was sitting on this toilet doesn't have some kind of disease, I mean we just got through a pandemic, I don't want to risk infecting myself. Well anyway third time's a charm."

She was about to sit on the last toilet but she found that the last toilet was rather small and close to the floor and it looked like it was clogged.

"Well none of these are just right, so this clearly isn't my lucky day," Goldilocks said as she realized that porridge was making her sleepy, and she was once again going back to that thought that she hoped it wasn't drugged as a way to rape her. She knew she should probably get out of there but she found herself falling backward into a bed and before she knew it she had fallen asleep.

While Goldilocks was peacefully slumbering the three bears however were getting back from their own trip into the forest.

"I told you going into the forest to look for a drug dealer was a bad idea," the first bear said as he approached the house to see the door was open. "Okay who forgot to lock the door?"

The other two bears looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders as they carefully walked into the house where they could see that Goldilocks was resting peacefully in one of the beds.

"Well this is certainly weird, do you think we should wake her up," the second bear said as the third bear went running over and began shaking her.

Goldilocks began screaming as she saw the three bears around her and she was so startled she found herself wetting the bed.

"Well it looks like I lived up to my name of gold," Goldilocks said joking to herself before realizing that she was surrounded by three bears and there was a good chance they were probably going to eat her when she started screaming again.

"What you doing in our house?" the third bear asked. "And why did you wet my bed, because I certainly didn't wet my bed, I haven't had an accident a real long time."

"If that were true we wouldn't be making you use the rubber underpants and sheets," the second bear said as the third bear looked away awkwardly and began whistling.

"I'm sorry I just I really had to go to the bathroom really bad and there was no place in the forest for me to go to the bathroom," Goldilocks said.

"Well I mean you could have just popped a squat or something," the first bear said as he shook his head.

"What am I some kind of an animal?!" Goldilocks said until she realized that she was surrounded by bears. "And doesn't the saying go doesn't a bear shit in the woods?"

"Of course not, we use a toilet like civilized people, what do you think about us," the second bear said shaking his head.

"Well I don't know maybe I'm hallucinating because bears generally don't talk, so I guess I was making some kind of assumption about you that perhaps was faulty, anyway I think I better get out of here before you decide to eat me, tootles," Goldilocks said as she jumped out of the wet bed and ran out the door.

The third bear shook his head. "What a rude bitch, judging us like that as though she has never even had a friend who was a talking bear before, now I remember why we decided to become libertarians and live off the grid away from all of the bigotry of the world before the economy collapses and the apocalypse comes. Did anyone check to see how our crypto currency is doing?"

"Well we couldn't find our drug dealer, do you want to go find somebody to eat?" the second bear said.

"Sounds like a plan," the first bear said as they all high-fived each other!

I decided to write this one because I posted my last couple of fairytale stories and people seemed to like them a lot, so I took a request asking if anyone had any fairytales that they would like to see made into an omorashi story and somebody suggested Goldilocks, and I thought of just how to do it. I like this one because it got a little bit dark and crazy and weird like a lot of the stories I write under my own name, it's still strictly a omorashi story but I thought it was sort of like a more modern day fairytale where Goldilocks is worried about date rape drugs, serial killers and survivalists in the woods. But I think it works pretty well as sort of a crazy fairytale omorashi story, and for those who enjoy wetting it's one of my few stories where I felt that that plot element just really worked well, so I decided to include it.

Blog link https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/15245.html

*002*2024-03-11 21:35

@bustin2pee

"Wow, that's a bit of a tranformation of the story I remember! Lol. Truly dark, good though, very good."

I can say that the majority of non-omorashi stuff I write gets a lot weirder and darker than most of the omorashi stuff I write, which is pretty mild by comparison. But yeah I started out with this as just a woman looking for a bathroom in the woods, and then my mind just naturally took over and I thought well if I found a house abandoned in the woods with porridge just sitting around you what kind of have to think are these people serial killers, so that I decided to make the Bears like Apocalypse peppers and survivalists who are looking for drug dealers and yeah it just got kind of weird and diverts a little bit from a pure omorashi story LOL. My natural instincts took over. I think in all fairness though most of the original fairytales were a lot darker than the versions that get approved to be read to children.

Like recently I saw my cousin who had a child and he had this book that like saying nursery rhymes and one of them was three nice mice and we were thinking to ourselves wasn't that nursery rhyme actually three blind mice? We came to the conclusion that they probably changed it because the original story was about mice being blinded and maimed which is pretty messed up to be willing to children when you really get down to it!

*005*2024-03-12 19:08

@Nyann

"You'll find that a lot. It's starting to make me feel like I've lost my damned mind!"

I thought it was funny because my cousin was showing me his son's baby book because he has like a child is like a few months old and I'm looking at like all of these nursery rhymes and I start thinking of all these deranged versions like what if the three blind mice ended up doing medicinal marijuana or what of Goldilocks and the three Bears had cocaine bears, and I already did something like that as I wrote another omorashi story involving the cocaine bear. It's very easy to parody a lot of these things into something even more crazy than the original concept, so once again I never have a problem with writers block!

*008*2024-03-13 20:51

@Roronoa Zoro

"I don't know if you'd want to do a omorashi Story of cinderella or maybe jasmine"

I already mentioned that I had the plans for a Cinderella one in the other thread on the red riding hood one I think. I figured the premise would be that her magic only last as long as she doesn't use the bathroom so she pretty much has to spend the entire night holding it pretty much. I just am guessing you mean Jasmine from the Disney film Aladdin. That one's a little bit more difficult to put into some kind of desperate situation, although she would look hot desperate.

*011*2024-03-14 20:53

@Golden Guard

"Perhaps their magic carpet ride lasted a bit longer than her bladder was comfortable with. They did go all around the world on that thing after all. Maybe it suddenly runs out of magic in the middle of nowhere, no toilet in sight."

I was almost about to ask did they even have toilets in Agraba that I just remembered it's pretty much a fictional fantasy kingdom so they just never address the fact that the characters would need to go to the bathroom. But it's funny because whenever I see some sort of story set in some kind of fantasy kingdom that's not a technological society I always kind of wonder what they do about the bathroom. I was thinking more of her doing sort of a belly dance while she was desperate for Jafar but yes going around the entire world on a carpet I suppose would be a pretty long journey so it would probably result in needing a bathroom. You could probably even do a parody of the song "A HOLD New World!"

Once again it really is pretty easy to make any kind of story into an omorashi story. You could probably do something like Beauty and the Beast where the beast can't go to the bathroom until he finds true love, or maybe Belle isn't allowed to go to the bathroom when she's locked up in that dungeon. When you have a perverted mind focused on bathroom related matters you can pretty much read that into almost any situation in TV, movies or literature, which once again is why I don't understand how anyone ever has writers block, these things just flow right out of you if you give them enough thought, no pun intended!

*014*2024-03-16 21:16

I just thought of a really great one going along with beauty and the beast, it sounds more like a crazy story I would write under my own name because it's more insane than omorashi, but I was thinking about how all of the creatures in the castle were cursed to turn into objects like the candelabra and the clock and the cups, what if the one of those creatures or one of those people were turned into a toilet and basically the toilet doesn't want people using them so the toilet keeps running away from her so she can't go to the bathroom! I have to say really like that one I might put it on the priority list of stories I'm definitely going to write someday, well along with several thousand other ones on the list, defeating the purpose of a priority list…

*017*2024-03-17 20:51

@Golden Guard

"Most authors that write anonymously here don't want people to be able to link their Omo accounts with their main writing accounts. And posting a story on both accounts would make it really easy for someone to put some key words into Google and find the same story on both accounts. So unfortunately, I don't think we'd get the story here if that were the case. I certainly wouldn't dare to do that myself."

I try to make sure that none of my pseudonyms have any online interaction with real me whatsoever so that nobody will suspect that I am the same person. Naturally I wouldn't publish the same story under two different names, but there are a lot of stories that I look at and I am thinking is this more of a comedy that I would write under my own name or is this more explicitly in omorashi story. Honestly the one about a woman chasing a toilet that won't pee inside of it is more of an omorashi story. Of course I could do that is an omorashi story and then write a similar story under my own name and under a different title and make it somewhat different. I did have sort of another idea for a weird story about what would happen after all of the beasts furniture turned back into people, but they still have some kind of weird furniture fetish! Again when you start thinking about this stuff you can think of lots of ideas.

But yeah I do have that conflict with some of my stories, I think am I going to publish this under my own name or is it more of a DesperateJill story or under my male pseudonym, a lot of them I sometimes sit there agonizing thinking which one does it fall into. And it said because there are some stories that are omorashi stories that actually would fit into my more serious collections based on topics. Like I wrote that story about a vampire needing to Pee and a robot needing to Pee and I have another one that I was going to do involving aliens, and I am thinking you know if these weren't omorashi stories written under my pseudonym they would actually fit well into my serious collection of stories about aliens, ghost vampires etc. 

So I do have that conflict a lot where I look at a story and I really have to rack my brain about which name I want to publish it under. My general rule of thumb is if it's mostly a fetish story meant to titillate people with the fetish it's going to be under my pseudonym, but if it's more of a comedic or satirical story it's probably going to be under my own name, but again even in my omorashi stories I can get in satire and comedy and speculative fiction, so there is some overlap between my serious speculative fiction and the weird fetish stuff I write under my pseudonyms. But it's true that if I publish it under one name I can't really publish it under another name because that would give away my identity in the rare and admittedly unlikely case where someone were to read stuff under my own name and under my pseudonym and made the connection.

*019*2024-03-18 20:33

I can honestly say gave a lot of thought to the Beauty and the Beast and now I think I'm going to have a whole parody about the song Be Our Guest about having to go to the bathroom. Be our guest to be our guest put your bladder to the test continue to hold and until it's in major distress! I should probably watch that DVD I got of beauty and the beast as I haven't seen in a while and it's one of the 300 new DVDs that I have to watch on my list LOL.

*021*2024-03-18 20:41

@Golden Guard

"As someone who recently made an Omo Songfic myself, that sounds like a really fun project and I can't wait to read it and sing-along when you post this!"

I haven't really written any songs or many song parodies really because I think that when you are parodying something line for line and have to keep the beat with it it takes a long time to writem because you have to really think about it, but I'll admit that when I'm listening to like a song like that on a movie I sometimes find myself singing along and just making up words that have nothing to do with it. So often I will listen to a song or be watching a song in a movie and I'll be thinking of all like these really crazy lyrics to replace them with, sort of like Weird Al Yankovic.

I don't have a good singing voice though but it would be funny if somebody turn these into actual songs and would actually sing them, as that would be really entertaining. Like recently somebody that I know found this website where they can get an AI to read your stories and he took some of the stories I posted on social media and he turned them into like an audio file, and I thought that it was really entertaining, but it doesn't actually sing the songs, but what they are doing with AI now I am sure that it will probably be a lot easier to have AI sing songs for you like that.

*023*2024-03-18 20:49

@Golden Guard

"Yeah, that's the challenge with Songfics. You really gotta choose words that fit with the rhythm of the original song. And that's a really difficult thing to do for an entire song.

But once you choose them correctly, it becomes such a great work of art!"

I think that's why I'm a novelist rather than a songwriter. I mean it's definitely you can do it well but it's something that really does take time. The easiest way to do it is to copy and paste the entire song into a document and then just go down the lines and change the lines to something that goes along with the new parody of it. As a person who is accustomed to working really fast and using my speech recognition software where I just keep continuously writing on and on, it's something you really can't do when you're trying to do something else that is like a line for line parody of something, it really just slows you down. It's the same thing that the problem with me getting started on some of my larger projects, when there's so much material that you want to put into it and slows it down because you have to keep constantly checking your notes about what you were putting in there and all of that and it makes the writing go a lot slower.

I actually remember like nearly 20 years ago this friend of mine and I started doing a version of be our guest called see her chest see her chest and made it all about breasts LOL.

