Selina's Night of Agony

Author: desperation_fan

*000*2019-04-25 12:53

This was a request by @Mad Bladder

It was dark as the private jet flew across the sky. Bruce Wayne and Selina Kyle were returning from a trip to Italy. As usual, Selina was angry with Bruce. "How long do you plan on being mad," he asked her. Selina sat with her feet up on the seat across from her, forcing Bruce to sit behind her. She wore her typical ensemble of black leather pants, jacket and boots.

"Well let's see, Bruce. How many dinners did you cancel so you could take Kung Fu lessons?" She picked up her glass and finished off her club soda, her seventh since the start of the flight. Bruce winced, knowing she was right, but he was stubborn.

"Selina, this was a once in a lifetime opportunity to study with some of the world's greatest Kung Fu masters."

"Yeah, well, it was also a once in a lifetime opportunity to spend my eighteenth birthday with my boyfriend in one of the most beautiful countries in the world!" Selina knew Bruce would have a response ready, but she didn't want to hear it. The previous glasses of club soda had worked their way to her bladder. She swung her feet off the seat and stood up, wincing at the shift in pressure in her lower abdomen. "Where are you going?" asked Bruce. Selina almost answered that she was going to the bathroom, but she stopped herself. She didn't want to give him the satisfaction of knowing his tough-as-nails girlfriend had to pee. Plus, the idea of admitting her need to him made her uncomfortable, almost embarrassed.

"I'm giving you the same amount of attention you gave me on our vacation." With that, she stormed off. Selina made her way to the bathroom, holding herself slightly. She would never admit it, but things were getting pretty serious now. She went to open the door for, but to her dismay, it was locked. Her hand went back to her crotch as she bounced in place slightly. "The butler must be using it," she thought to herself. She continued to do a potty dance when she suddenly heard someone coming around the corner. She quickly stopped dancing and removed her hand, as uncomfortable as it was for her. Alfred spotted her standing in front of the locked bathroom.

"Sorry Miss, out of order. Of course there's always the one up front..." Selina sneered. "Whatever." Selina turned and walked away, refusing to tell her boyfriend's guardian, of all people, that she had to pee really bad. What she should have done was simply swallow her pride and use the bathroom at the front of the plane. But not with Bruce there and not while they were fighting. So she returned to her seat and sat Indian style, her right heel pressed deep into her crotch. It helped a little. Bruce looked at her. "Are you ok?" Selina smirked. "Just fine." But mentally, she hoped that it wouldn't be much longer before they landed...

It was another hour before they landed. Her need had gotten worse, not helped by Bruce offering her another soda. She should have said no thank you, but instead, she chugged it down, despite her bladder's protests. She was so mad at Bruce right now, even though it wasn't his fault. She got even madder seeing him go up front to use the bathroom, wishing she wasn't too stubborn to do the same. Finally, they touched down. Just standing up was difficult, her bladder felt like it weighed a ton. When she got off the plane, she headed straight for the bathroom, only to find, to her exasperation, that it was closed for cleaning.

"Seriously?! Do they just assume nobody has to piss after a long flight?!" Selina danced in place for a moment while she tried to think, no easy task with her bladder so achingly full. She was seriously considering squatting in the street, something she was more than experienced at from her time living on the street. But what if someone saw her? She couldn't take the chance of someone recognizing Bruce Wayne's girlfriend pissing in the street. Word would travel and Bruce would find out. She would be humiliated. No, that wasn't an option. Selina turned to leave, figuring she could leg it to Wayne Manor. It wasn't far from the hanger. Unfortunately, it was then that Bruce came running to her. "Selina! Did you see?!" Selina shook her head. "What's up, Bruce?"

"Jerome Valeska is holding James Gordon and the GCPD hostage at a Wayne charity event! We have to rescue them!" Selina sighed. "Why, Bruce? Why do we have to rescue them?" Sometimes, Selina admired Bruce's sense of chivalry, but other times, the boy could be such a pain. This was one of those times, not helped by her present situation. It took all she had not to hold herself in front of Bruce. "Look Bruce, they're cops. They can take care of themselves. Why should we risk our lives?"

"Because it happened at a Wayne-sponsored event. And Jerome has targeted me, for some twisted reason."

"All the more reason to stay away, Bruce! It's obviously a trap!"

"I'm going, Selina. Are you with me, or not?" Selina groaned. She knew Bruce would go, with or without her. And she wanted so badly to say no, she was dying for a piss. But they were already fighting. If she said no, that would just make everything worse. She forced a smile. "Of course I'm with you. You idiot." Bruce smiled gratefully. "Thank you, Selina. Let's go!"

Soon, Bruce and Selina were racing towards the Gotham Opera House. Selina sat in the passenger seat, Bruce was driving. As he sped through the streets of Gotham, every speed bump or sharp turn caused her bladder to ache even more. She wanted to ask Bruce to slow down, but that would only raise questions she didn't want to answer. "You're very quiet," Bruce noted. "Is everything ok?" Selina forced a smile.

"Yeah. Just nervous, I guess."

"You, nervous? I don't believe it." Selina chuckled, an action that caused her even more pain. Another sharp turn jarred her bladder and she had to clench every muscle to hold back the flood. "I cannot wet myself," she thought angrily to herself. For one thing, she was wearing an expensive, stolen pair of Italian panties. While Bruce was busy learning with the Kung Fu master, she decided to treat herself to a shopping expedition. More than that, if she wet herself in front of Bruce, she would be completely humiliated. Bruce saw her as this tough chick, if she lost control, would he look at her the same way? She couldn't take that chance. She had to hold it until she could find a bathroom.

Finally, they arrived at the Opera House. Selina was ready to burst, she was starting to sweat from the effort it took to hold it in the car. She had to find a bathroom, NOW. They could both hear Jerome's maniacal laughter inside the building. Selina looked at Bruce. "Ok, here's the plan. I'll go in through the back door and try to free the cops. You go in through the vents and try to take them by surprise." Of course, Selina had another plan in mind besides rescuing the cops, but she couldn't tell Bruce.

"Selina, you should go through the vent. You have more experience with breaking and entering." Selina bit her lip. Bruce was right, of course. But she had wanted him to go through the vents to buy herself some time to find a bathroom. She was in agony and it was all she could do not to hold herself in front of Bruce. "Yeah, you're right Bruce. I'll go through the vent." Bruce leaned forward and kissed Selina on the cheek. "Good luck." With that, Bruce made his way to the back door, Selina silently cursing at her bad luck. She looked around for where the outer vent was located, more than a little worried. Would she even be able to crawl in her current predicament? She couldn't believe how bad she had to pee, she didn't even realize it was possible for her bladder to be this full. She sighed and took a labored breath, before climbing the wall, heading towards the vent.

Soon, Selina was crawling through the ventilation system, very slowly. Her knees were scrunched up, pressing into her swollen bladder. Every movement hurt. She was seriously considering forgetting about the bathroom and just pissing up here. But what if it leaked through the vent? Plus, it was so narrow, she wasn't sure she would be able to get her pants down. No, she would have to keep holding it, until... she froze. She clenched every muscle as tightly as she could.

A spasm hit her bladder hard. She drew in a breath and waited for it to pass. As far as she could tell, she was still dry. She wanted to cry, how much more could she take?! It was then, as she looked down in despair, that she realized she was right above a bathroom! But was it a men's room or a ladies room? It didn't matter, did it? Desperate times called for desperate measures and she was beyond desperate. She reached behind her, trying to get to her boot, certainly no easy task in her current predicament. Somehow, she managed to retrieve a screwdriver that was strapped to her ankle. Carefully, she unscrewed the vent and inched her way to the edge.

"How do I get down?!" she thought to herself, more than a little panicked. It wasn't a deep drop, but she was pretty sure the slightest impact would result in a wet and embarrassing situation. She wondered if she could swing her legs to the top of a nearby stall. Carefully, she shimmied her hips, an action she quickly regretted, as the slight but sudden movement put just enough stress on her bladder that she thought she would lose control. Instinctively, she grabbed her crotch with one hand, but that left her with only a one handed grip on the vent.

"Shit shit shit shit shit!" she thought. She was going to fall! Selina could feel her grip loosening. "I've come this far! I am not pissing myself in the friggin bathroom!" Thinking fast, Selina took a deep breath as she let go of the vent. Both hands pressed firmly against her pee-hole, she dropped straight down, releasing the breath at the exact moment she hit the ground. She quickly felt the outside of her pants. Dry. She smiled. She was going to make it. She ducked into the nearest stall and began to unbutton her pants. However, it wasn't easy, as she could barely stand still, she was bouncing all over the place. Eventually, she was able to get the button undone, but then she heard voices! "Jerome said check the John's. There may be people hiding in them."

"FUCK!" thought Selina. The bathroom door slammed open and she could hear footsteps. Selina carefully climbed on top of the toilet seat and crouched down as best she could. It was torture for Selina, her poor bladder was ready to be emptied. Yet here she was, right on top of the toilet and she couldn't go. She could hear Jerome's goons kicking open the doors to the other stalls. She hoped they wouldn't check her stall, that they'd just figure they were all empty. She tried to remain as quiet as she could, but she couldn't hold still. She could hear them at the stall right next to her's. She was trembling, both from fear and from the massive effort required to hold in her urine.

She heard them kick open the stall next door. She waited with bated breath... but nothing happened. Were they gone? She waited a few more seconds, then cautiously climbed down from the toilet. She started to fumble with her pants again, but then a pair of hands reached under the stall door and grabbed her ankles! She screamed in surprise and fear, nearly losing control right then and there. She was dragged out of the stall by a bald, burly man covered in tattoos. He was flanked by a couple of goons in clown masks, both holding knives. The big guy had a gun, which he pointed at Selina's head, with a sinister smile on his face. "Well, looks like we found someone trying to skip out on the party, boys. Better bring her to Jerome..."

Jerome's thugs led Selina down the hall. It took everything she had not to whimper in pain. Her bladder was so full and relief had just been forcibly taken from her. She felt so defeated. Suddenly, she tripped and stumbled. She gasped, thinking she was going to lose it right then. The big thug grabbed her roughly by the shoulder and shoved her. "Keep moving, sweetheart." Despite her painful situation, Selina wasn't about to let this jerk get away with that.

"I'm not your sweetheart, tubby!" With that, she grabbed his hand and bit him. The two masked guys grabbed her, but she stepped on one of the guys' foot, then elbowed the other in the stomach. Seeing her chance, she tried to make a run for it. Unfortunately, right around the corner were more of Jerome's followers. Selina knew she couldn't fight them like this. Her bladder was about to explode, she had to piss so bad. The first guy charged and in spite of herself, she buried her shoulder into his ribs. She grabbed the guy's arm and flipped him over. Another thug, this one a woman, charge, but Selina planted her foot in the woman's stomach. But that was a mistake, as she felt her bladder quiver from the stress of moving her leg so fast. She tried to gain her composure, but that allowed the remaining thugs to grab her by the arms and legs. They carried her around the corner where Jerome was waiting, laughing like a madman. "Tie her up, boys! She's just in time for the fun and games!"

Soon, Selina was tied up in the main room with the rest of guests-turned-hostages. She was tied to a chair, her ankles strapped to the legs of the chair, her arms tied behind her. An additional length of rope was tied across her waist. Selina was sweating like crazy, her bladder felt like it was being squashed between the rope and being forced to sit down in her tight leather costume. She was going to burst!! Jerome was busy trying to decide on a victim. He had already shot two guards and sliced the throat of an actor. But that wasn't enough for him.

"Who's it going to be? The old bag in row ten? The tubby guy in front? The twins in the balcony? Come on people, I need a volunteer! Otherwise... I'll just have to choose for myself!!" Selina was in agony. She was going to wet herself, in front of all these people. It was awful, she had been holding it for so long, her urine would be very concentrated, it was going to smell so bad. And there would be no way to hide the puddle that would form under her. She would be humiliated.

"What do we have here?" asked Jerome. Selina had been unconsciously squirming in her seat and someone had finally noticed. "Hey there, little girl. What's your problem?" Selina swallowed hard. She would have been furious about the "little girl" comment, if she wasn't so preoccupied. "Nothing," she said, hoping he wouldn't pursue the issue. Unfortunately for her, Jerome wasn't going to let up.

"Well, see, I don't believe that. Maybe you're trying to escape. Which would mean I'd have to kill you..." He held the knife menacingly to her throat. Everyone in the room gasped and Selina swore she felt a drop of pee squirt into her panties. But then he pulled bay the knife. "But I don't think you're stupid enough to try anything. So, that means... maybe, just maybe, someone needs the little girl's room." He said that last part in a childish, sing-song voice. "No..." Selina tried to protest, but Jerome wasn't hearing it. "After all, my men found you in the bathroom. What if you weren't just hiding?" Selina tried to ignore him, but he grabbed her shoulders and looked right at her. "So... gotta go? Gotta go right now? Do ya?!"

"None of your business, you sick freak!!" she shouted at him. Jerome smiled a sick grin. "Flattery will get you nowhere." He grabbed an empty glass and a pitcher of water. "Sure you don't have to go?" She nodded meekly. "Then this shouldn't bother you." With that, he poured some water from the pitcher into the glass, right in front of her face. Selina was in agony. She squeezed her eyes shut, but she could still hear the water swishing around as he poured it back and forth. He even let some splash on her hand, catching her by surprise.

She just knew it was only a matter of time before she pissed herself in front of everyone, including a madman who would take sick pleasure in watching her pee her pants. Selina briefly opened her eyes and saw Bruce perching himself on chandelier. He winked at her, a signal that he was waiting for the right moment. Selina grimaced. "Bruce, this isn't the time for stealth!" she thought. She had to piss so bad. She couldn't sit still, her knees knocked together as she used every ounce of energy she had left to hold back the impending flood. Her entire body felt like it was filled ten times over. Jerome laughed as he continued pouring the water back and forth. Selina could actually feel her bladder about to tear apart.

"No no no no no no..." she thought. "Not here. I can't..." she was tapping her feet openly now and tears were filling her eyes. Jerome dribbled some water on Selina's leg, causing her to squeal in surprise and discomfort. Every muscle hurt so bad. If she passed out, she would definitely piss herself. "Hold on Selina..." she thought. Jerome leaned in close, I tending to push on Selina's bladder. "Come on. Let it out, girlie. You know you want to. You'll feel sooooo much better. Do it! Do-!" Jerome was cut off as Bruce dropped down, tackling the psychopath to the ground. With Jerome down, the GCPD officers were able to take action.

As the police dealt with Jerome's goons, Bruce untied Selina. Despite her dire situation, even with one hand buried deep into her crotch, hunched over in excruciating pain, she couldn't resist punching Jerome in the face as he stood up. Bruce punched him a few more times, before rushing to tend to some injured hostages. Selina took down a few of the remaining thugs, before rushing out of the room as fast as her bloated bladder would allow her. As she made her way back to the ladies room, she heard Jerome saying something, but she didn't care. Relief was just inches away. She opened the door and saw the toilets, waiting for her to do her thing. "Beautiful," she thought. "SELINA!! SELINA!!!" It was Bruce. Suddenly, a hand reached through the door and pulled her out. The sudden force nearly caused her to wet herself right there. "Bruce! What are y-"

*BOOM"

The blast rocked Selina and Bruce, knocking them both to the floor. Selina got up as quickly as she could in her bloated, swollen condition. As she pulled the bathroomdoor open, she saw all the sinks and toilets shattered. Water was flooding the room. The sight nearly caused Selina to flood her pants. Quickly, she closed the door and turned to Bruce, backing away from the door. "Bruce! What happened?!"

"Jerome," Bruce answered grimly. "He must have laid explosives inside all the pipes. There's a river forming in the main hall, from the kitchen. Captain Gordon and the GCPD are evacuating the guests as we speak." Selina wanted to cry. "He couldn't have!" she thought. "There's no way! He's a psycho!!" Selina felt her eyes filling with tears. This couldn't be happening! "He blew up ALL the bathrooms...?" Her voice cracked and her lip quivered.

"Now what am I going to do?!" she thought. Bruce grabbed Selina and hugged her tightly. "No!" she thought. "No no no no no not now!" She thought she was going to piss all over him!! She returned the hug, while carefully pulling back. Bruce didn't seem to mind, though. He was used to her getting hot and cold with him. "It's ok, Selina. As long as nobody else was hurt. As long as you're ok..." Just then, Captain Gordon came around the corner. "There are the heroes," he said with a smile, as he put an arm around each of them. "Come on, guys. We want the whole building empty, just for safety measures." Gordon led Bruce and Selina towards the exit. As they walked out of the building, they were applauded by the freed hostages, as well as the majority of the GCPD. Bruce beamed proudly, a start contrast to Selina, who was blushing. She had a flood inside her, waiting to be unleashed. She couldn't stop shaking and tears filled her eyes. She was horribly overfilled, she couldn't stand it.

Suddenly, she felt her belly rumble. "Oh no!" she gasped. "Everything ok, Selina?" asked Gordon. She didn't answer, instead she pushed past Gordon and Bruce and ran towards the alley behind the Opera House. It was time, she couldn't put it off any longer.

Selina started to undo her pants, no easy task at this stage. Just touching the area near her bladder made her almost lose it. But just as she was about to pull her pants down, she heard a soft moan. Looking around, she saw a couple making out. Scrambling to pull up her pants, she accidentally knocked a trash can over.

"Hey!" called out Detective Harvey Bullock.

"Alley's occupied. Sorry I couldn't put up a do not disturb sign." Selina backed out of the alley, but slipped and fell on her butt. That was it. She couldn't hold it back any longer. Her sphincter let go and hot piss gushed from her urethra into her pants. Within seconds, she was soaking wet, but it kept coming. It flooded her panties, then overfilled them, drenching her pants. She could even feel it pooling into her boots, that’s how much there was. In spite of herself, Selina gave a sigh of relief. It felt so good to finally empty her bladder after such a long and painful time holding it in. Unfortunately, her relief was cut short. As her stream finally started to lose some pressure, she heard a voice that made her heart sink.

“Selina?” Bruce. He had gone after her, concerned about her suddenly running off. “Of course he did,“ she thought. And he had witnessed the entire accident. To make matters worse, Gordon was behind him, flanked by Detectives Alvarez and Harper. Bruce looked at the river at Selina’s feet. Alvarez and Harper quickly looked away, as Gordon gently grabbed Bruce’s arm and pulled him back. Selina’s cheeks flushed a deep pink. “Great,” she thought. Bruce had seen her wetting her pants, along with Jim Gordon and a couple of other cops. She was humiliated. Bad enough to piss herself, worse to have it be witnessed by the last person she would have ever wanted to see it happen. “How can I ever face Bruce again?” she thought. Mortified, she leapt up and ran off, pee still trickling from her pants as she ran. She was about two blocks from the opera house when she finally stopped peeing. She could feel the tears forming as she headed for home. All she wanted to do was clean up and hide. Forever.

A few days later, Selina was at her squat. She was still absolutely mortified by what had happened that night in the alley. She hadn’t been out in days and she had convinced herself she was never leaving her home again. She couldn’t bare to have anyone see her, especially not Bruce. She had been absolutely humiliated. Her boyfriend had seen his tough, no-nonsense girlfriend piss herself like a three year old. She had managed to steal some new clothes and had burned the ones she’d soaked. Her eyes were red from crying non-stop the last few days. She was convinced that Bruce saw her differently now. That he saw her as just another girl who makes a fool out of herself. That thought just made her cry harder. She took a drink of water from her third bottle that day. She had to pee and with the memory of what happened still fresh in her mind, she was about to go, when there was a knock on the door. She was going to ignore it, but then she heard a voice.

“Selina? Are you home?” His voice. Bruce. Selina couldn’t believe it. He had actually come looking for her! “Yeah, I’m here.”

“Can I please come in? I think we should talk.” Selina really didn’t want to talk to Bruce. She knew he would want to bring up what had happened. She was afraid of what he might think of her. Plus, she really didn’t want to have another accident in front of him. After holding it for so long, she noticed her muscles were weaker and it was much harder for her to hold it now. “Selina? Are you still there?”

“Yeah. I’m still here, Bruce. Hang on.” Sighing, she reluctantly went to the door and let him in. As he stood in front of her, she did her best to stand still. She knew if he saw her fidgeting, he’d ask questions. Questions that would destroy her emotionally if he asked them. “How are you, Selina?” She rolled her eyes. Of course he wouldn’t come right out and say what he wanted to. “I’m OK, Bruce.”

“Are you sure?” She sighed. “Bruce, just say what you came here to say. Please don’t beat around the bush.” She knew that she could be standing there all day if she didn’t make him spit it out. And she knew she couldn’t hold it in for much longer. “Why do I always do this to myself?!” she thought. “Selina, I just wanted to check on you. I haven’t seen you since… since…”

“Since I pissed myself in front of you and the cops?” Bruce looked embarrassed. Selina wanted to cry. “Oh my god, he’s ashamed of me!” she thought. “Yeah… Selina, why didn’t you just tell me you had to go?”

“’Hey Bruce, I gotta pee, hang on then we can save the city!’ Yeah, OK Bruce.”

“You know what I mean. I mean, it’s not like it’s something you can control-”

“Shut up, Bruce! I can control myself! I don’t normally walk around pissing my pants, you know!” She winced at how harsh she had been, but he‘d hit a nerve. And she was very worried that she was going to give a repeat performance in a matter of minutes. Bruce looked hurt, but still continued. “I know that, Selina. What I meant was, you know you couldn’t hold it forever. I know you’re strong and you’re tough, but even you have limits. You could have told me what was going on. I wouldn’t have thought any less of you.” Selina knew he meant it, but… “And… what do you think of me now?”

“I love you Selina. Nothing is going to change that. You should know that. After all we’ve been through, nothing is going to change the way I feel about you.” Selina was touched. Bruce smiled. “I mean, you know what they say… accidents happen.” Selina laughed, in spite of herself. “When did he get a sense of humor?” she wondered. However, she was quickly reminded of more pressing matters. “Bruce… that means a lot to me. Really. And I’m sorry for not being honest with you. But the way you think of me… it matters. A lot.”

“So, does that mean you want to go grab something to eat?”

“Um… sure.” Selina felt her belly growl, just like it did that night… “You go start the car. I’ve just gotta hide some stuff before we go.”

“OK Selina.” Bruce went back outside. Selina ran to the back of her squat and yanked her pants down. Squatting on the ground, she released her bladder. She moaned in relief, a big smile crossing her face. She had made it. The pee flowed out of her, with no sign of slowing down or stopping. She closed her eyes and just peed. It felt so good to relieve herself after nearly having another accident. She let out another moan of pleasure. She heard a knock on the door. “Selina? Everything OK?” Bruce. “Yeah, I’m fine. Go back to the car, I’ll be out in a couple of minutes! Jeez!”

“OK, Selina.” After nearly another minute, her stream finally trickled off, then stopped all together. She bounced a little bit, getting out the last couple of drops, then wiped herself with a Kleenex. She pulled up her pants and headed out to the car, where Bruce was waiting patiently. “Everything OK, Selina?”

“Yep. Let’s go.”

“Anywhere in particular.”

“Wherever you want, Bruce.” Bruce smiled and started to drive. Selina thought to herself, “As long as they have a bathroom.” She returned his smile and laid her head against his shoulder as they drove off into the night.

*002*2019-04-25 15:26

{{1 hour ago, buddy said:

Wow, what a great story, perfectly written with her denying and hiding her need. And then being distracted ever so often. Please keep on writting!!

}}

Thanks! I have something else in the works so there will be more stories to come.

