The Garden

Author: desperation_fan

*000*2020-09-26 18:37

It was a beautiful spring day. Tabby didn’t have to work, so she decided to take a long walk. She had read an article in the paper about a new botanical garden that had opened near the center of town. It was supposed to have lots of rare plants and cool decorations. So she decided she would check it out. It was a warm day, so she tossed a couple of water bottles in her purse and headed out. As she walked, she smiled at the cute guys who would wave to her. She was a pretty girl, not very tall, but with a curvy body. She often joked with her friends that her butt was magic, that it could make men do anything she wanted. She was wearing jean shorts and a dark blue tank top that rested snug over her ample bosom. She had a bit of a stomach, but she was hardly what you'd call fat. Because of the heat, she had decided to put her dirty blond hair up in a ponytail, which swung back and forth as she walked.

@@It was about a thirty minute walk from her house to the gardens. By the time she arrived, she had finished her first bottle of water. She was taken aback by the beauty of the gardens. Not only did it look nice, but it smelled heavenly. She began sipping from her second bottle as she explored the gardens. Inside, it smelled even better and looked even more beautiful. Any flower you could think of, they had them. Violets, orchids, impatiens, lilies of the valley… the list went on and on. As she explored, she continued to drink her water, almost absentmindedly, distracted by the beauty around her. She was so in love with the gardens, she almost wanted to stay forever. She could be the Princess of the Gardens, she thought with a smile. She would create a flowing dress out of the many different kinds of flowers the gardens had to offer. She would sit up on a tree branch, surveying her kingdom from on high. She would wear a rose petal in her hair and visitors to the garden would admire her beauty as well as the garden’s…

Tabby was woken from her lovely daydream by a feeling of pressure in her bladder. She hadn’t been paying attention, and she had drank two whole bottles of water without using the bathroom. Groaning to herself, she knew she had to find a ladies room, before her need got too bad. But it was a funny thing. She had wandered so deep into the garden that now she wasn’t sure how to get out. As she wandered, she smelled something odd. She couldn’t place the fragrance, it was like no flower she had ever smelled before. But it’s scent was intoxicating.

@@Temporarily forgetting about her need to pee, she decided to follow the smell, wanting to get closer to the source of the aroma. She was unaware that she was wandering deeper into the garden, she wanted to get more of this scent. Her bladder continued to fill, but she was unaware, at least at first, of the increasingly urgent signals being sent to her brain. As she followed her nose, her right hand unconsciously pressed against her crotch, the first real sign that her mind was at least partly aware of her body's needs. But her main focus was finding the source of the mysterious smell. She heard something in the distance, a faint pattering. The smell was very strong now. She kept walking towards the sound, as it got louder and more distinct. It was the sound of running water. Tabby squeezed her legs together, the sound of water causing her need to bubble to the surface. She leaned forward, now holding herself with both hands. She was acutely aware of the heavy fullness in her lower tummy, as her bladder pressed against the walls of her stomach. And yet the smell was still so strong and she wanted, no, needed more of it. In fact, the smell and her need to pee were connected, something she was unaware of. Giving her crotch one last squeeze, she pressed on another couple of feet. Although she was desperate to pee, she would not deny herself more of this wonderful smell.

@@She kept walking and soon discovered, hidden behind a large growth of purple and pink flowers, a huge stone fountain. A massive spray of water was coming from the center, it was like a waterfall. The sight of all that water was almost too much for her bladder. She felt a drop or two escape before she got herself under control. Grabbing her crotch, she looked at her surroundings. There were more of the purple and pink flowers surrounding the fountain. Judging by how strong the fragrance was now, Tabby concluded that the flowers were the source. She noticed there were many statues, all nudes, male and female. Whoever designed these statues had a thing for people peeing, she thought. All the male statues were positioned standing, aiming their penises as if urinating into the fountain. And the females were all squatting over the side of the basin, like they were peeing as well. Then she noticed that some of the statues actually WERE peeing. They were erotic fountain statues! Despite her desperate condition, Tabby was fascinated. Someone had designed these statues to look as if they were peeing, to the point that some were actually pissing fountains! Examining one of the women, she noticed that she had a peaceful, relieved expression her face. Some of the peeing males also looked quite content, while other statues simply wore generic smiles.

Tabby was staring at a particular female statue, she wasn't sure if the woman was just very relieved, or if she was having an orgasm. Suddenly, she shifted her weight, as her bladder released another drop. She squeezed her thighs together, but it wasn't helping. The pressure was too strong. The sound of water and all the urinating fountains around her was getting to be too much. She needed to pee so badly now, it was only a matter of time. She thrust both hands between her legs, pressing them as far into her vagina as she could. She was about to burst and yet... she didn't want to leave this place. After all, the statues all looked quite content here. But she had to go so desperately. Another spasm shot through her bladder, causing her to fall backwards, just narrowly avoiding hitting her head on the stone basin. She felt another drop escape and knew that she was about to lose control...

"Just pee here."

Tabby's head whipped around and back and forth, looking for the source of the voice. She had heard that, right?

"It's ok. Pee here. With us."

Tabby couldn't think straight. Her bladder was threatening to pop like a balloon, while the aroma from the flowers was wrapping around her brain, engulfing her mind in a fog. All unimportant thoughts were being vaporized, as the idea of peeing here was starting to sound pretty good to her. She didn't want to leave this wonderful garden and even if she did, she wouldn't make it far before she lost control and pissed herself. But was it really ok? She looked at one of the female statues, as if asking permission. To her amazement, she heard a voice in her head answer her.

“Join us. Join us in eternal bliss.”

Tabby's eyes seemed to glaze over. She was completely spellbound. Without thinking about, she began to quickly remove her clothes. There was no reason to remove her shirt or bra, or her sandals. It just felt right. Like it was almost sacrilegious to wear clothing here. Rid of her clothes, Tabby climbed into the side of the basin. As she did, her discarded clothes simply vanished. She squatted down, facing towards the basin, and relaxed. She smiled as the urine flowed out of her and into the basin. It felt amazing and she didn't want it to ever end. She wished she could simply stay here forever, peeing in this beautiful garden.

"Wish granted."

@@Tabby felt a tingle beginning in her toes and moving into her feet and through the rest of her body. Her toes began to calcify, become cold and numb. As the feeling worked it's way into her feet, she looked down and was surprised to see that her feet had turned gray, like marble. She was turning into stone! But she wasn't scared. Quite the contrary, she realized she was getting exactly what she wanted. She really could spend eternity peeing in the garden. She felt the cold, heavy numbness work its way into her legs, which became a pair of stone columns. Next, she felt her butt turning into stone, while at the same time, so did her sex. But despite being solid stone from the waist down, she continued to pee, with no sign of stopping. However, her urine became clear, turning into pure water. But luckily, the feeling of relief not only remained intact, it intensified as her vagina petrified. The process continued upwards, turning her tummy into solid marble, then making two large globes out of her breasts. Her hands, resting on her lap, became forever frozen there, as did her arms and shoulders. As it moved up her neck, she smiled. She was moments away from becoming an eternal fountain, forever urinating fresh water into the basin. She let out one last moan of contentment, just as her face became frozen in stone. Her long unkempt hair was the last thing to freeze, as she was now a very permanent, erotic, pissing stone statue. Despite now being merely an inanimate objects, she could still feel sensations, namely the pure pleasure of urinating.

"Welcome child. We hope you will be happy here."

Tabby was in a state of bliss, among friends, brothers and sisters who had also followed the smell and were rewarded for doing so. She could forget her troubles and remain here forever, happily peeing into the basin. She belonged to the garden now, another beautiful piece of art...

