Three princesses and a pot

Author: DerivativeWings

*000*2022-11-17 19:33

Foreword:

During the early 19th century, the brothers Grimm would have collected many oral tales to preserve in written form. However, the stories that eventually made their way into these volumes were edited to remove some of the more vulgar content. Some stories may have been cut out altogether. Perhaps there was once a story just like this one, cut from the volume due to the obscenity of a princess needing to pee. If so, it would have been doomed to die as a forgotten folk tale, never to reach a modern audience. Until now…

Three princesses and a pot

Once upon a time, there were three princesses who lived in three neighboring lands, and they were so fair and so kind and so sweet, that they came to be known by all as the princess of cherry pies, and the princess of lemon tarts, and the princess of almond cakes.

One day, the fathers and mothers of these princesses met with each other to discuss treaties and trade and tales and troubles, and many other things kings and queens discuss with each other. And of course, the three princesses snuck away from the meeting table to discuss the kinds of things only princesses talk about when they believe nobody is listening.

But as luck would have it, that day there were blackguards and scoundrels sneaking around, hoping to hear some whispered king’s or queen’s secret. And the princesses had snuck off just far enough that the royal guards could no longer find them. So, they were kidnapped and carried off far away to the prince of blackguards.

And when the prince of blackguards had seen the three captive princesses, he had said this: “You three are my captives, yet I shall show you three mercies. You shall be watered and fed so that you do not starve. I shall send messages of ransom to your kingdom, rather than its enemies. Finally, you shall be given a chamber pot to share in your captivity so that you may keep your dignity whole.”

And so it came to be that the three princesses were locked in a tall tower, and they were given food and water and a white porcelain pot. But none of the princesses wanted to use the pot in front of the other, as the duties of a dignified princess demanded.

But as the first day passed, their bladders filled and filled, and as the first night passed, their bladders filled even more. And soon, they wanted to pass their waters so badly they could hardly stand it.

And then when the sun was high above the tower on the second day, the princess of cherry pies said “Forgive me, for I am a disgrace. I must concede that you two are my betters in dignified elegance and endurance, and now I can only beg you do not tell of this to anyone else.”

The princess of lemon tarts asked what was troubling her so, and the princess of cherry pies said “Must I say it out loud? I must pass my waters now, for they hurt me so. I have failed in my duty as a princess, to disgrace myself so in your presence. But it cannot be done any longer, I must use the pot.”

And so the princess of lemon tarts and the princess of almond cakes both promised her never to speak of this, and hurried to help her out of her dress and corset and smallthings. Finally, the princess of cherry pies stood trembling and naked before the pot as the wooden lid covering it was removed. The inside of the pot was pristine, as if it had just been scrubbed.

And it is said that the sobs of relief that came from the princess of cherry pies after she sat down were so gentle and thankful that it is said that birds gathered outside the window and started singing, and the flowers outside started growing. Tears streamed down her face as she filled the pot. And she did not stop until she had filled the pot half-way.

During the second night, the princess of lemon tarts could not sleep for her full bladder. It throbbed and chafed and stung her so, that she thought she would do anything to be rid of it. And when the moon shone through the window of the tower, the princess of lemon tarts decided she would die if she held her waters for any longer. Quietly she snuck out of her bed, and removed her smallthings as best as she was able before bunching up her dress. Then, she removed the wooden lid and sat over the pot.

And though the princess of lemon tarts tried to be quiet as a mouse, it is said that her hushed whimpers of relief, which sounded so happy and sad all at once, caused the clouds above to rain in grief of her lost dignity and the animals near the tower to tearfully celebrate her relief. And when she was finished, she put the wooden cover back on the pot and went to sleep.

However, the princess of almond cakes had witnessed all of it. And now she so urgently needed to pass her own water, and was so jealous of the other two, that she decided to sneak out of bed just as the princess of lemon tarts had. And just like the princess before her, she hastily undid her smallthings and took the wooden cover of the pot. However, by now the pot was completely full and could not be used. And so the princess of almond cakes had to put the pot back, and put back on her smallclothes without passing her water.

By the dawn of the third day, the princesses of cherry pies and lemon tarts, who had both used the pot were again full of bladder and in much discomfort. It did of course not compare to the sufferings of the princess of almond cakes, who had not passed her waters in all this time. But neither the princess of lemon tarts nor the princess of cherry pies knew about this, as they both assumed the princess of almond cakes had found some moment of privacy during one of the nights they had been captive.

It was then a lark flew and landed on the captive princesses’ windowsill. And this was an enchanted lark, because it started speaking to them. “Princesses who come from three lands,” it said. “I am sent to settle an old debt. Many years ago, the queen of almond cakes saved my children from being cooked and served at a royal feast. Now, I have arrived at your windowsill to repay her good deed in kind.”

The princesses were overjoyed at these news, and rejoiced. Except for the princess of almond cakes, who stayed silent all throughout. The lark spoke again. “As my debt is to the princess of almond cakes, I can fulfil her deepest wish. If she tells me of her heart’s true desire, it is within my ability to grant it.”

The princess of cherry pies spoke then, and said “Then you must simply wish us away from here and back to our kingdoms! Then we can finally be free of the discomforts of our captivity.”

Then the princess of lemon tarts spoke “Or you may wish to change the hearts of these blackguards, so that they decide to return us home freely and never again hurt a traveler!”

The princess of almond cakes told the lark “I wish for both of these things. I wish that we may return to our homes, and that the company of blackguards and scoundrels have a change of heart and never again cause harm. This is my heart’s desire.” But it was not her true heart’s desire, in reality the princess of almond cakes wanted only to relieve her stinging bladder.

And the lark said “Very well.” and flew off. But the more time passed, the less did her wish come true.

Later that day when the sun was above the tower, the lark came again. It said “Because your wish has not yet come true, it cannot be your heart’s true desire. Please, you must tell me your heart’s deepest wish or I cannot help you.”

And then the princesses of cherry pies and lemon tarts tried to encourage her to think of her heart’s desire, for they too wanted the lark’s help. But the princess of almond cakes could not tell them of her heart’s desire, and instead said “I only wish to return to my bed, in my room, in my castle, in my kingdom.”

And the lark said “Very well.” and flew off again.

This time, the princesses of cherry pies and lemon tarts were quite cross with their companion, as she had wished to only be returned herself. But again time passed, and her wish did not come true.

When it was almost dark, the lark returned again. It said “Because your wish has not yet come true, it cannot be your heart’s true desire. Please, you must tell me your heart’s deepest wish or I cannot help you.”

And the princesses of cherry pies and lemon tarts told her that she must tell the lark true, now, for their own bladders were almost as full as they had been before. Finally, the princess of almond cakes said “I only wish to relieve my aching, burning, stinging bladder! I only wish to be free of this ocean I carry within my belly, and pass my waters after three days!”

And as soon as she said so, the prince of blackguards entered the tower. He had heard the commotion, and decided to come and investigate. As it happens, he was also carrying a pot filled with gold and jewelry that his band of scoundrels had stolen from a wealthy merchant.

Faster than the prince of blackguards could respond, the princess of almond cakes tore off her dress and her corset and her smallclothes, grabbed the pot he was holding, and threw out all the gold. And it is said that her exhalations of relief were so sincere and regal, that the sun itself was forced to turn the other way as to not witness this private act. Even the prince of blackguards, wicked as he was, had to turn his eyes away.

And it is said that after that day, the prince of blackguards was changed. And he returned the princesses to the kingdom, and turned away from his wickedness. And some say he was rewarded by the princess of almond cakes for helping her in her utmost need, and became her most loyal knight. And that he would bring a clay pot to her room every night, so that her dignity as a princess would always be protected.

