The DP Game - Rocker's Choice

Author: DerivativeWings

*000*2022-09-17 13:34

In a refurbished abandoned building, at the edge of what was once a restricted area, six people had been gathered to play a game with their freedom at stake. Inside this building was a large warehouse, a relic of weapons manufacturing. Inside that warehouse were three large cargo containers, their sliding doors reinforced and refit to allow remote control. And inside one of those containers were two sleeping women. To the left, the one who would call herself “Rocker” for the duration of the game. Rocker was tall, and wore a red cropped jacket over a short one-piece dress. Her blonde hair had been braided into two pigtails, a style somewhat unusual for her. To the left, the one who would come to call herself “Siren”. Her most distinctive feature was undoubtedly her shirt, which had a reindeer motif. Siren was a lot shorter than her companion, with medium-length dark hair. She looked quite peaceful sleeping on the floor.

“Uhhh… Huh?” Siren is the first to wake. She groans, then tries to take in her surroundings. After all, she just woke up on the floor with no idea where she even is.

“Hey, are you awake?” As soon as she notices the other woman in the room, she tries to wake her up by gently shaking her.

“Buh-hwhat?” Rocker’s lights come on. “Who-” Rocker’s legs immediately tense up, and her eyes shoot open. “Holy fuck. Gotta piss. Where’s the toilet?”

“I-I don’t know, sorry. I just woke up, and I was hoping you knew where we were.”

“God damnit, fuck shit.” Rocker stands up, awkwardly. ”Is this the end result of some kind of horrible bender? That would explain my bladder at least.”

“I don’t think so. I can’t remember how I got here at all. The last thing I remember was going berry-picking in the woods.”

Rocker sucks in air through gritted teeth, but stands up straight. “I do remember a party, actually. But if you were out in the forest I think that we can ditch the wicked hangover idea. Can you remember anything else? We need some kind of lead.”

“No, I was just… Oh, actually, hm.” Siren blushes, but it’s obscured by the poor lighting conditions.

“Did you remember something? Spit it out!”

“The very last thing I remember is actually paying the bushes a visit. I’d been outside for a while, and…”

“Ah, I see. Not really what I needed to hear right now, but I guess that’s on me for asking.”

“I could use a bathroom too as well, actually. I guess we can make that our first goal?”

“Actually, I don’t think I can take it anymore. I’m just going to use the corner, would you mind turning the other way for a second?”

“Oh, of course not!” Siren turns away and puts her hands over her ears.

In the darkness, Rocker raises her dress and squats in the corner opposite to where Siren stands. She is just about to lower her panties, when suddenly…

“Welcome to the DP game. All players have now awoken, which means the game is ready to start. In the room you are currently in, you will find two glasses of water. One glass is ordinary water, while the other has been laced with a diuretic. In other words, drinking it will make you need to pee, but is otherwise harmless. There is no way of knowing which glass is which. In each room, decide who will drink which glass. After all players have drank from one of the glasses, you will be released from your confinement. Should any player fail to drink the liquid before the time limit passes, they will suffer a DP penalty. The time limit is ten minutes. That will be all.”

Siren jumps at the sudden broadcast, and Rocker falls on her back.

“Ah! Are you okay?” Siren turns to find Rocker on the floor.

“Y-yeah. I was just surprised is all.” Rocker stands up, and awkwardly smooths over her dress.

“I didn’t even notice these glasses until now. I guess we’ll have to drink one? Um, should I turn around again first?”

Rocker looks at her corner with trepidation. “I’m… a bit too on edge now. I-I’ll tough it out. Also, based on what that voice just said, I’m a little worried something bad will happen if I pee now. Maybe I’m just paranoid, but…”

“I understand where you’re coming from. But if it becomes unbearable, you can tell me.”

“So that voice was telling us to drink the water, or face some kind of penalty. Where the hell are we? What is the DP game?”

“I don’t know. It said we would be able to get out after ten minutes. I guess we should wait a bit longer before we drink it, since we both have to pee? So it doesn’t get bad before we can even get out.”

“That sounds reasonable to me. Also, we need names to call each other.”

“Right! My name is-”

“Wait. This whole situation we’re in is sketchy. Just to be cautious, I think we should use some kind of nicknames before we have the first idea as to what the hell is going on.”

“Good call! Do you have any ideas?”

“While I was squatting back there I noticed some writing on my arm. It says ‘Rocker’.”

Siren checks her own arm. “Huh, that’s weird. It says ‘Siren’.”

“These words clearly have something to do with this DP Game we’re playing. I’m not comfortable sharing my real name while I’m this in the dark about what’s happening, so I’ll call myself Rocker for the time being.”

“All right, I guess I’m Siren then.”

“Now that that’s settled, let’s search the area. Maybe we can find an escape route, or something useful.”

…

“There are now only three minutes remaining to complete the game. Any player who does not drink from a glass will suffer a DP penalty.”

“Damn. Looks like we’re really locked in this thing. I don’t like following the directions of that voice, but at this point I think it’s clear we were kidnapped. There is a real risk that something very bad will happen if we don’t play along.”

“I-I guess we have to pick one then.” Siren eyes the two glasses anxiously.

“Yeah. We’re shit out of options, and frankly I’ll be at the end of my rope minutes from now. I don’t have the brain power to think about this decision any longer.”

Siren nods, and picks up the left glass. “I guess it doesn’t really matter which one I pick, in the end.”

(This is bad. I think this choice might really, really matter when I’m this close to my limit. Siren’s right that we have no idea which glass to go for, but then again…)

NO DECISION – DETERMINISTIC TIMELINE

*001*2022-09-18 12:07

PART 2 – ROCKER CHOOSES THE LEFT GLASS

“Wait.” Rocker approaches Siren. “Let me take that one. I can’t really explain why, but I feel like I should take the left glass. If we don’t know what’s in either one anyway, it would at least give me some peace of mind to follow my hunch on this.”

“All right. I trust you. Also, I feel like I’m more likely to be able to hold it for longer if I pick the wrong glass.” Siren hands Rocker the glass she was holding.

“Y-Yeah.” Rocker shudders as she takes the glass and downs the contents. Siren does the same. A few seconds pass.

“Well, if it was poison it wasn’t something ultra-fast acting at least.”

Rocker grimaces. “S-sorry. Not really in the right mindspace for morbid humor right now.”

“Oh, right-”

“All players have now downed one glass of water, which means the preliminary round of the DP game is over. Doors to voting rooms will now open. After you exit, please ensure you read the rules for the DP game. The first round of the DP game will start in 20 minutes. That will be all.”

A sliding door opens, and Siren and Rocker are able to exit through it. Siren ducks under it as it opens, leaving Rocker somewhat awkwardly waiting for it to open fully.

“Oh. Right, sorry.”

“I-It’s alright. Hey, I think there are other people coming out over there!”

The room Siren and Rocker emerge into is a much larger warehouse-like interior. There are three cargo containers inside the space, and two people are exiting from each one.

“That voice keeps talking about this DP game. Perhaps those are the other participants?”

“Probably. H-hey, can I count on you to have my back? I’m feeling a little paranoid, and…”

(I’m probably going to wet myself in front of these people.)

“Yeah.” Siren looks serious. “I think cooperation is our best bet here, but we still know next to nothing about this so-called game. Regardless, we ought to approach them. They might know things we don’t.”

Rocker approaches the gathering as confidently as she is able in her current state, with Siren in tow.

(They all seem to be about the same age as me and Siren. I’m getting a weird vibe from the tall one with those piercing eyes. It seems he came out together with the clueless-looking blonde. Can’t tell if she’s putting up a front or what, given the situation we’re in. There’s also that shorter guy with the beanie and his partner in cr-ffshitt…!) Rocker stumbles, and pretends to smooth out her dress while giving herself a quick squeeze.

“So. Does anyone have any kind of idea what is going on?” Mr. Piercing Gaze pauses to assess the room. “I suppose that might have been a bit too convenient. Well, maybe we’ll be able to figure something out now that we’re no longer locked up in those rooms.”

(Piercing eye guy is definitely used to people listening when he speaks. Might be a bit of a handful.)

“Before we do anything, we should tell each other our names! It will be, like, impossible to talk to each other otherwise!”

(Now just wait a second…!)

“Now wait just a moment. Me and Siren already talked about this. Think about it. None of us have any kind of idea of what’s going on, we’ve been kidnapped and now we’re asked to play some sort of sick ‘game’. I don’t want to give anything about myself away if I don’t have to. Me and Siren both had some writing on our arms. If that’s true for everyone, I suggest we use that for our nicknames. At least until we have even the slightest idea of what the fuck is going on. For the time being, you can call me ‘Rocker’”.

(Nailed it. Also, I think I’m starting to leak. Fuck. Shit Goddamnit.)

“I’m still not completely sure myself, but I think we should do it for now at least. The text on my arm says ‘Siren’. Nice to meet you all!”

“Oooh, like codenames! I’m Orca, like a cool sleek underwater killing machine! You better not, like, get on my bad side!” Orca gives a coy grin.

“Mine says ‘Mime’, so I guess you can call me that. I’ll go along with this for now, but if someone asks me privately I’ll tell them my real name. Chatty-” Mime motions towards the final person “-already knows it, after all.”

The final girl, who exited together with Mime continues. “Yeah, mine reads Chatty. Not sure if someone’s taking a dig at me, or what. But that’s what it says.”

(She seems a bit reserved. Is she trying to get a read on everyone too?)

The blue-eyed man shrugs. “This is stupid. My real name is Klei, but if you insist on calling me by what’s on my arm, it’s Nemean.”

(Definitely a leader type. Big ego? Also holy shit, this is downright impossible. Less psychoanalysis and more focus on holding it, girl.)

He continues. “Regardless. We were told to look at some kind of rules after we exited the containers. I think it said we are playing the DP game, whatever that means. We should probably check the area before we do anything else. We need to find those rules, or better yet a way to escape.”

Everyone leaves to investigate the warehouse. Orca and Chatty go off to examine some doors on the wall facing the cargo containers. Nemean and Mime check the far left wall, leaving Siren and Rocker to check the area beyond the cargo container to the leftmost wall.

“How are you holding up?”

“Not good. I’m genuinely bursting at the seams here. Do you have any argument against me pissing in a corner?”

Siren bites her lip. “Actually, I do. We’re in some kind of game, right? And the first part of that game was drinking some kind of diuretic. Isn’t it reasonable to assume peeing will lose you the game? Given our circumstances, that seems really bad.”

“…S-shit.”

(She’s right!)

“Please, just… Hold on for as long as you can. There has to be something we can find out.”

“I-I’ll try-”

“Hey! This looks promising!”

Siren points to a futuristic-looking door, which almost blends into the warehouse wall. Next to it is a pair of instantly recognizable black symbols.

(Hell yes.)

“This is great! It’s probably the second-best thing after an exit!”

“T-there seems to be a button next to the door. Maybe it opens it? Would you press it?”

“Sure!”

Siren presses the button, but the door remains shut. After a few seconds, a mechanical voice similar to the one you heard previously speaks.

“The toilet may only be accessed following the completion of a round of the DP game.”

(I’m going to cry now.)

“Dang. I guess nothing comes easily here. Rocker?”

“Hffuck…! W-well, I’m just going to hold it. I have to. The door being like this is pretty much confirmation that peeing is part of the DP game.”

“Yeah…”

Suddenly, you hear the voice of Orca. She is shouting something.

“Hellooo! Mime says he found the rules! Come check!”

You and Siren head towards Mime, Nemean, Chatty and Orca, who are all examining some kind of computer screen. It seems they are reading something on it.

Rules of the DP game

- In the DP game, players will play multiple rounds of a game similar to the prisoner’s dilemma. Each round is separated by some amount of time. Before each round, the players of the game are paired up randomly.

- There is only one toilet. It can only be opened by players who have enough “DP”. The first time the toilet is opened, it costs 3 DP to do so. Each subsequent opening costs 1 more than the last. However, if multiple players have enough DP to open the toilet, they may each open the door in turn without increasing the point cost until the last willing player has done so.

- Each player starts with 1 “DP”. Each round, two players square off, voting “Ally” or “Betray”. If both players vote Ally, they both get 1 DP. If both players vote betray, they both get 0 DP. If one player betrays and the other allies, the betraying player gets 2 DP, while the allying player loses 1 DP.

- A player’s DP can never go below 0.

- The game will continue for a number of rounds. When the game ends, each player who has not wet themselves will eventually be released for the game. A player who wets themselves can still keep playing until the game ends, however.

“We have to play a game against each other… to be allowed to use the toilet?” Despite the fact that you had already figured this was the case, it’s still shocking to see it explicitly confirmed like this. Siren seems shaken, as well.

“What a strange game. Is the winner the one who can hold it the longest?”

“There’s probably some fucking pervert behind this shit. He wants to watch us fuck each other over and wet ourselves.”

(Fuck. Shit ass. This, this sucks.)

“There’s a bit more.” Mime pushes a small button next to the glass. The screen changes, with Rules of the DP game switching to Current DP and matchups.

Current DP and matchups

Room 1 - Chatty [1 DP] versus Siren [1 DP]

Room 2 - Nemean [1 DP] versus Orca [1 DP]

Room 3 - Mime [1 DP] versus Rocker [1 DP]

“It makes sense, considering what the rules said.” Nemean nods at the screen. “We all start with 1 DP each, and this screen tells us who will be playing against who. I assume this screen will update after each round of the DP game.”

“Me and Siren also found something else when we were searching the room. It was a door that was more or less part of the wall. Really similar to the ones Orca and Chatty looked at. It had those toilet hieroglyphs, stick figures with a dress and all that.”

Siren adds, “We couldn’t open it though. If the rules are true, it’s not going to open unless someone has 3 DP.”

“Yeah…” Rocker glances back towards the locked door, longingly.

“Ours were totally stuck too. If the toilet door’s like that there is no way we’re getting it open. It would, like, suck if you needed to pee bad right now. I’d probably start crying or something.”

(Fuck off.)

“I have a suggestion.” Mime presses the button again to show the rules, then speaks up. “Each time someone uses the toilet, the DP cost will go up by one. However, if we all reach the DP cost at the same time, we can all use the toilet in order while only increasing the DP cost once. It said that everyone who doesn’t wet themselves will be released from the game, so this seems to be the best way to make sure everyone gets out of here.”

“So you’re saying we should all vote “Ally” then?”

(God. Brain thinking time. Gotta pee, gotta pee. Holy tits, I gotta pee.)

“Correct. That way, we can play two rounds of the DP game, and everyone will be able to use the toilet with a minimal increase to the DP cost.”

“I think it’s a good idea to try and work together, but there is a problem with your suggestion, Mime.” Rocker shoots Siren a nervous glance. “If someone needs to pee really badly right now, they might not be able to hold it until the next round. If that’s the case, I think we should let them vote “Betray” so that they can pee immediately. It would increase the DP cost by a little, but if they wet themselves they might not be let out of here…”

(I appreciate what you’re doing here Siren, but I’m not sure I can afford this kind of honesty right now.)

“That’s a good point. If someone who can hold it is matched up against someone who can’t, the best strategy would be to ally and let the other betray.”

“H-hey! That might be true for individual pairs, but if that happens everyone else is going to have to wait longer as well since the DP cost will increase! Remember that half of us have drank some kind of diuretic already, and we don’t know if we’ll be forced to do some other bullshit during the game either!”

“You’re right that it wouldn’t be an ideal scenario, Rocker. If everyone can hold it for two rounds, everyone voting ally would be a significantly better outcome. But if someone really can’t hold it for multiple rounds, that outcome becomes impossible. I suggest that anyone who feels that they need to pee as soon as possible speak out, so that we minimize the risk that someone wets themselves.”

(Shit. What do I do now? Cards on the table, or do I keep my cool? Sh- God damn it I can barely even think. I can’t even stand still. What do I-?)

“That’s not going to happen.” Nemean interrupts. “It’s clear we need to work together to an extent, but think about it. If a person needs to pee badly, they are naturally going to be worried about the risk of wetting themselves and losing their chance to get out of this game. In other words, revealing that you need to pee badly is the same as revealing that you intend to vote “Betray”. Even if the other party isn’t on the verge of wetting themselves, they still need to worry about getting enough DP before they wet themselves. If both parties believe they and their opponent can hold it for a while, however, they are both incentivized to vote “Ally”.”

“So you’re saying that revealing the fact that you need to pee badly could increase the chance of your opponent voting “Betray”?”

“That’s exactly what I am saying. We may all want to help each other and work together, but that altruism is going to have its limits when it’s your neck on the line.”

(I’ve been mostly thinking about my own state, but he’s right. Is there anyone else in here who’s more desperate than they’re letting on? Gotta pee..! My god can I turn on logic and pee holding at the same time, holy shit how hard can this be?)

“Even so, I think it can sometimes be beneficial to reveal ahead of time how you’re going to vote to your partner! After all, if they say they’re going to vote “Ally” but still vote “Betray”, they might be hurting themselves in the long run.”

(Don’t fuck this up I swear to god Siren. I have to betray. It’s betray or wet. Betray or wet.)

Mime seems to think for a bit. “That’s true, as others are going to be more suspicious of their intentions in the future if they break their promise…”

Nemean shrugs. “We’ll have a better idea of where things stand after the first round. The best-case scenario would be if everyone thought they could hold it for at least one round and voted “Ally”.” Simon nods, lost in thought again.

“I don’t really get it, but voting “Ally” seems like a good idea!”

“Yeah…”

(Did it work? Fuck, I hope it actually worked.)

“That would be best, yes. Let’s all get out of here together.”

Once again the conversation is interrupted by the mechanical voice.

“Voting rooms have now been set up. Please enter your voting room as displayed on the computer screen. One player enters from the front, and the other from the back. When a player enters their voting room, the doors will close behind them until the voting time ends. Should a player refrain from voting, neither party will receive any DP. Voting closes in 10 minutes.”

The group starts heading to your voting rooms. However, Rocker stops Siren before she can join her DP game partner this round.

“S-Siren, I’m going to betray.”

“…I figured, but-”

“You should too. Y-you said you needed to pee badly as well. This way, at least the two of us will be able to reach 3 DP and use the toilet. I-it’s like Mime said, it will be more efficient if multiple people get to p-pee at once.”

(Me first, though. Holy ass.)

“I understand.” Siren walks off to join Chatty.

While doing her best to appear composed, Rocker heads towards her own voting room, inside the leftmost container. As soon as she’s alone however, her false front completely breaks down.

(Just need to hold out for ten minutes. Fffuck ass-)

“Ah-mmph..!”

(It’s just ten minutes! I just have to do everything I can to keep it inside until then.)

The voting room’s interior is pretty much identical to where Rocker and Siren first woke up.

(All three of the containers are probably similar. One thing is different though.)

Right in the middle of the room is an intimidating-looking machine. It has two buttons. Their purpose is immediately apparent.

(‘Ally’ or ‘Betray’.) Rocker silently mouths the words.

Whichever one she ends up deciding, she’ll still have to wait in here for ten full minutes.

NO DECISION – DETERMINISTIC TIMELINE

*002*2022-09-19 15:31

PART 3 – ROCKER CHOOSES BETRAY

(I’m just going to do it! There’s absolutely no way I can hold it for any longer so the only possible choice is to betray, isn’t it Fuck Gotta pee I don’t even know how I haven’t wet myself yet holy shit I’ve never had to pee this bad in my entire life Focus, Focus Just press the button, then focus)

Rocker raises her hand.

(Wait Shit I shouldn’t actually press it yet if I push the button and wet myself in here it will be completely pointless anywa-)

“Ahn-!”

(Holy shit holy shit Okay Just hold it for now if I can make it If I focus on one thing at time I can make it and push the button later-)

Rocker takes one step away from the voting device and steadies herself against the wall. She starts to sit down but quickly rises again.

(All right nope that floor is hella cold That was a little stupid not doing that again shit Shit shit gotta pee, hold it hold it hold it How much time has passed Probably none at all Fuck I can feel it It’s right there on the edge if I relax even a little bit I’ll-)

“Ffuahh…!”

(All right just apply Pressure, pressure come on girl grit your teeth through the Pain, pain fuck hurts Grit your teeth and hold it Passed for now but it’ll be back later Keep holding it’s just ten minutes How much time has pas-)

Rocker’s breathing quickens.

(God I don’t even know will it tell me Fuck what if I run out of time but I need to press it Press it now)

Rocker quickly presses the button on the machine.

(God did I even push the right button I think I did but Fuck, I’m not even gonna look I think I’ll wet myself if I do holy shit it feels like I’m getting fuller Probably got that diuretic in the first room Fuck fuck Fuck)

She mouths the word.

(All right now I just need to wait. I can do it Grit your teeth and hold it like a big lady Hold it hold it Holy ass I’m going to explode No, hold it hold it Fuck Piss, gotta fucking piss No don’t think about it Holy shit Holy shit I’m going to piss myself Fuck I’m actually going to piss myself It’s impossible it’s actually impossible it’s-)

Voting for the first round of the DP game has concluded. Please review voting results on the display in the main area. After results are displayed, the toilet will become available for a time to anyone with enough DP.

(Hold IT!)

Rocker turns around.

(Okay. Door’s open. Just walk. Just. Walk.)

Rocker walks, stiffly, following everyone else to the rules display. She does not pay any mind to anyone else as she waits for the results to show.

Results of DP Game

Chatty

Siren

Nemean

Orca

Mime

Rocker

Current DP

1

1

1

1

1

1

Vote

Ally

Ally

Betray

Ally

Ally

Betray

DP Change

+1

+1

+2

- 1

- 1

+2

DP Result

2

2

3

0

0

3

“Ffuck..!” As soon as Rocker sees the result, she is off to the opposite side of the warehouse. Nemean whistles in surprise as she leaves, but Rocker doesn’t even hear it.

(Toilet Fuck Can’t Toilet Hurry Shit shit Wait Hurry Piss piss Fuck)

Rocker no longer gives even slight effort to appearing composed. She doesn’t have any left. She reaches out to push the button next to the toilet door.

(Fucker Hurry Open Piss Now Fuck Can’t)

The door instantly slides open, revealing a bathroom inside. No decorations, just a toilet and a sink.

One shaky step. The door closes behind her. Instinctively, she turns around and pushes a button on the inside to lock the door behind her. Another step.

(Hurry hurry Piss piss Pee Fuck Hurry!)

Another step. She’s almost there. She lowers her panties and turns around. She’s already peeing.

Ah-Hnnah!

(Stop Wait just one second Fuck-)

She’s on the toilet. Her panties are dangerously high up. Her one-piece dress isn’t raised quite high enough and likely to get splashed with a few errant drops. For now at least, her stream is strong and focused enough to dodge both, hitting the water at a 30 degree angle.

(Holy fuck God damn that feels amazing. God I made it in time. Fucking hell)

Rocker moans with no restraint, all the while her forceful pee continues with no sign of stopping. After a bit, she readjusts her clothing somewhat to get it out the way. She spends a little more time like this, incapacitated by relief.

(All right. Now that I’m no longer going out of my mind with pee desperation, I need to think this through. I wasn’t really paying attention, but I’m pretty sure Siren ended up allying. And there’s no telling if anyone else needs to pee badly. I… need to apologize for what I did, even though I couldn’t possibly have held it in any longer. There’s no telling how long this game will last, so even if I didn’t care about anyone else it would still be in my best interest to build trust and work together as-)

Rocker's train of thought is interrupted, as she shudders in relief.

(Holy fuck.)

END

*004*2022-09-19 20:50

Special thanks to @ZirconiumPen for doing proofreading work on this.

For everyone else, I hope you enjoyed!

If you want to read the original DP Game story, you can find it here

.

