Desperate underneath Your Easter Dress

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2022-04-19 15:30

I think that there were two basic inspirations for this as it was based on two incidents in my life that were sort of unrelated but form the basis of this story. The first was I remember when I was young that I had really constrictive Easter clothing one day, not so much as dramatic as being sewn into the outfit, but that made going to the bathroom really difficult. The another occasion I went to a family reunion where we took a limousine to drive the whole family there, and by the time we got there we all needed to go to the bathroom and got delayed for a while.

So then I sort of combined those two events and then I also added the aspect of constricting clothing, which is something I have chatted about with @Becky Lewis

, so I decided to make her a character. I'll admit that the idea of a formal Easter event where people go to eat chocolate bunnies and drink champagne is kind of a weird premise, as I never actually heard of such a thing, but hey a suspension of disbelief, I think it still works to facilitate the desperation in the story and that's what matters, so I hope everybody enjoys this. Can also be read in my blog https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/9781.html

Also if you want to see another Easter desperation story I wrote three years ago involving the Easter bunny check it out in my old blog at https://desperatejill.livejournal.com/2019/04/23/

.

Desperate underneath Your Easter Dress

Jill had to admit that she wasn't exactly looking forward to Easter that year, as she and her friends got invited to a special formal Easter event, where everybody would get together and exchange all sorts of chocolates and stuff. She liked chocolate but she had to admit that it sounded like it was going to be a boring stuffy affair for the most part, and she always hated any type of event where she had to dress in formal wear, as it always made going to the bathroom extremely difficult, and Jill was a person who dressed for practicality rather than fashion for the most part.

As Jill's friends Audrey, Gilda and Becky helped her get into her Easter outfit, she had to admit it was rather tight and a snug fit, just as she feared.

"How are we supposed to go to the bathroom in these things," Jill said as she looked at the dress that seemed like it was sewn on to her.

Gilda shook her head. "I'm afraid that this particular dress you have to pretty much just have to hold it all day."

"Hold it all day, I don't think I want to hold it all day!" Jill said shaking her head thinking her day just got a whole lot worse.

"Well you just went to the bathroom before we sewed you into the dress, so at least now you shouldn't have to worry about going to the bathroom for at least a few hours," Audrey said. "Although I have to admit I'm not very fond of these outfits myself. When people design these things don't they ever think about the fact that women really need to use the bathroom at some point?"

Becky nodded. "Yeah, but I think that they figured that these type of formal events are only a couple of hours long, so they figure that people wearing these dresses probably could just hold it for a couple of hours. I mean I'm sure that we will be okay, I don't think that these dresses were designed for really long event or anything like that. They are meant to make you look really good for a really short amount of time."

"I have to admit I really am feeling rather anxious about this, and when I am anxious that makes me have to go to the bathroom more," Jill said shaking her head.

"Sometimes women have to suffer for fashion Jill," Becky said. "And I know that you're not typically one of those women who is willing to suffer for fashion, but this is just a one time event, it's just a few hours and then we will be home and we can basically cut you out of your dress, and you can cut us out of our dresses, and so on and so forth."

"How come I feel like we are going to end up regretting this," Jill said as the four of them got into their limousine that they had rented to take them to the formal event. They figured if they were going to have to go to a formal event and that they had to rent a car anyway they might as well go in style.

"Hey look, this limousine has like a mini bar in it," Gilda said as she started reaching for it before Jill slapped her hand away. "Hey what gives?"

"Do you want to end up having to go to the bathroom really bad in a dress that you can't take off?" Jill said.

Gilda shook her head. "You know I had already completely forgotten about that."

"Well then you are lucky that you have a very bathroom conscious friend who is here to make sure that you don't do something extremely stupid," Jill said smiling smugly. "Now I recommend that we all try to limit our liquid intake so that we don't find ourselves in some type of emergency situation."

"Jill you put too much planning into things related to bathrooms," Audrey said shaking her head, although she had to admit that Jill had a point, they didn't want to tank up on the liquids when they knew that they wouldn't be able to go to the bathroom all day until they got home and could take their dresses off.

"I always say it's better to be safe than sorry," Jill said as the three of them nodded and began talking.

Unfortunately it was a particularly hot Easter this year, and it soon became extremely warm because the air-conditioning in the limousine wasn't working, and they were wearing tight fitting clothing with several layers.

"Oh my God, I'm sweating like a pig in here," Gilda said as she started pouring herself a drink.

"I know, but at least if we are sweating that means that fluid is leaving our body rather than going inside of it," Jill said as she licked her lips, admitting that she was getting rather thirsty herself.

"Look we agreed that we should probably watch our liquid intake, but we shouldn't completely dehydrate ourselves," Becky said as she started taking a drink.

Jill really knew she shouldn't, but as she saw all of her friends taking a drink she couldn't resist and she soon started drinking with them. She took small sips at first, but as the trip went on the limousine became intolerably hot, and she could feel herself sweating underneath her dress it was becoming unbearable, and she found herself drinking more in spite of herself. She once again tried to limit herself but there was only so much a person could tolerate in a hot stuffy limousine like that. And it would figure there was a lot of traffic too.

"Finally we are here," Jill said, as they got out of the car, and she was immediately going to run to the bathroom until she remembered that she was wearing a dress that was not designed for that, because whoever designed it was a fucking idiot who probably had never even so much as consulted women on on these matters and just was thinking of fashion exclusively.

Jill knew that as a lesbian she shouldn't be dismissing her own kind, but she really regretted the fact that ironically it seemed like most women's clothing was designed by gay men who all had clothing for themselves in which there was a fly that could be opened to allow urination.

As Jill and her friends got out of the limousine, they started meeting and greeting with lots of other men and women at the event. As Jill looked around she could see that all of the women were wearing the same type constricting dresses, as that was part of the dress code for this particular event, which must have been planned by men, no by sadists, and looked like it was going to be a boring affair aside from all of the free chocolates that would be provided, which she didn't plan on eating until after they had left the event.

It was a pretty typical affair where the four of them lined up in front of the limousine as people started taking pictures of them in all sorts of various poses. It was annoying having to make so many poses especially in a dress that didn't allow for much movement, and Jill could still feel that she was sweating like a pig underneath that thing.

They were glad when they moved inside of the place to get away from the fact that they were near a lake and stream with a small little waterfall, and Jill noticed that she wasn't the only one who didn't seem to appreciate the sound of running water.

She didn't have to pee very badly yet, but the fact that she already had to pee was a bad sign, so she realized that she should be behave very carefully if she wanted to avoid a disaster under the circumstances. The last thing she wanted to do was end up pissing herself at a formal event, as she would never be able to live that down.

As the event got underway, people started to mingle and chat, and Jill felt that she was right, that the whole affair was rather dull. She was just kind of hoping that it would be over soon, they would take their free chocolates and candies and get home as soon as possible so that they could cut themselves out of the coffins that they happened to be wearing around their bodies.

Once again Jill hated the fact that women's clothing seemed to be designed to make them look pretty rather than for comfort. In fact there was nothing wrong with designing clothing to look nice, but it seemed like a lot of this clothing they went out of their way to make it impossible to go to the bathroom, almost as though the people who had designed dresses like these were sadists who enjoyed watching women squirm for inability to pee while wearing them.

She didn't like to involve herself in conspiracy theories, but right now she was picturing a bunch of gay men designing these dresses and laughing to themselves as they thought of all the women not getting to go to the bathroom all day.

"How are you liking the event Jill," Becky asked.

"I mean it's okay and everything, but it's kind of dull in all honesty," Jill said as she licked her lips.

"Have you had anything to drink all day?"

"I am trying to watch my liquid intake like you should be doing, for obvious reasons."

"I have to admit that I could use the toilet right now, but luckily it's not an emergency yet."

"Ladies and gentlemen, I think that everybody should try these of delectable chocolate bunny rabbits," the host of the event said as she started handing them out.

"Thanks I think I will save mine for later," Jill said. "You know trying to watch my figure and everything." It was a lie, but she figured that if she got even slightly heavier from eating anything that the dress that was already suffocating her inside simply wouldn't fit against her body.

Jill wanted to scratch herself, but she knew it was impossible through the dress, and she didn't want to seem like she was a low class individual with everybody watching her.

"Jill I think we should eat the chocolate bunnies now, it's rude not to," Audrey whispered to her.

"I know, but chocolate kind of makes me thirsty," Jill said as Audrey continued rolling her eyes in her general direction, like come on eat the chocolate bunny, don't make us look bad. Reluctantly Jill started tasting the chocolate bunny, and had to admit that it did taste rather fine, but it also made her extremely thirsty. She took a couple of sips of her water but she found that that wasn't very satisfying.

"How much longer is this thing going to last," Jill said as she found Becky a little while later.

"Well I think that they are going to do a toast in a short time, so everybody should get their champagne glasses ready," Becky said as Jill frowned.

"You know I've been trying to stick to water and everything," Jill said as Becky frowned. "Fine, I will taste a little bit of the champagne."

As the host of the event began toasting, everyone began drinking down their drinks. Unfortunately it wasn't just one toast, there was toast after toast after toast, where they were expected to keep sipping on the champagne. And Jill had to admit that she was getting more thirsty than she could tolerate and found herself drinking more.

Unfortunately she could also feel that all of those drinks were extremely diuretic and going straight to her bladder, and she was beginning to get more uncomfortable than she was already from wearing a suffocating dress all day, on an Easter where it happened to be as hot as a summer day.

"Global warming if you were a person I could kick your ass right now," Jill said as one of the event planners came over and she swallowed her pride and began smiling as she drank some more champagne. "This is a really nice event, I'm really enjoying myself."

Jill had to admit though that that was a total lie, right now she just wanted to get to the bathroom. She noticed that the ladies room didn't have a line, which she thought was rather unusual, until she remembered that every woman at the event was wearing an outfit similar to her, outfits where they had to be sewn into the dress and weren't able to use the bathroom all day.

Jill couldn't help but look around and see that other women were looking a bit antsy and anxious, she could see a couple of them leaning up against the wall, and she saw more than a few of them looking over at the bathroom with a longing glance in the same way that she was doing.

Meanwhile she saw that the door to the men's room was opening and closing in a revolving door fashion as men continued drinking and going back for seconds, knowing that they wouldn't have to worry about holding it in until they got home.

"Okay now it's been several hours, are we going to be going home soon," Jill said as she crossed her legs underneath her dress hoping nobody would notice what she was doing.

"Yeah I have to admit that I am crossing my legs underneath here as well," Becky said as the two of them laughed nervously.

"I was told this event would only be a couple of hours, but now we've been here for like four or five hours now and I am absolutely dying here," Jill said.

"Stop complaining you guys, we are going to be leaving shortly I am sure," Gilda said, but they could both tell that she was staring towards the bathroom just as longingly as they were, as well as shaking her glass in her hand and looking really antsy.

Audrey came over, making lots of quick little steps before pausing and using her hands to flatten out her dress, clearly looking nervous and bending a little.

As Jill looked at her friends she knew that they probably all had crossed legs under those dresses and at least they were concealing that. But if they didn't start getting home soon she was going to scream. Now all she could think about was peeing.

"This is a pretty nice event, isn't it ladies," said Chris, one of the hosts of the event. "I hope that you are liking all of the chocolate and champagne and everything. I love champagne, but it goes straight through me, I have probably gone to the bathroom like three times tonight and I think I'm going to have to go again soon."

The woman all struggled to keep a straight face, and Jill had to struggle not to kick Chris right in the shins, which she probably couldn't do anyway, because her dress was so tight that such a movement would probably not be possible.

The women all frowned as they watched Chris go off to the men's room and emerge a few minutes later and started coming back over their way.

"Can I get you ladies some more champagne," Chris said with a smile.

"No!" all of the women shouted instinctively, before realizing that they came across as rude.

"I mean no thank you, alcoholic beverages should always be done in moderation," Becky said trying to keep her legs from shaking underneath her dress.

"Becky I am freaking dying here," Jill said as she pressed her knees together underneath her dress. "Is there any possible way to facilitate urination in this dress."

"Facilitate urination?" Becky said raising her eyebrow.

"It's the formal atmosphere, I mean I need to take a piss!" Jill shouted before covering up her mouth as she could see a couple of other women looking over in her direction, and she couldn't help but notice a couple of them were sort of smiling or nodding in agreement with her, even some of the older uptight looking women who probably viewed piss as a curse word.

Chris started going up at the head of the event and asked everybody to take another toast. It was obvious looking around the room that most of the women were looking decidedly uncomfortable. Jill could see a couple of women who seemed to be pacing back and forth with their hands on their hips, many leaning against the walls in a subtle way, and a lot of them looking over at the ladies room, which had not seen any activity all night. The only reason why a ladies room at such a crowded event would be unoccupied is simply because of the fact that none of the women were wearing anything that would allow them to go to the bathroom.

"I hope that you're all enjoying the event, but looking around the room it looks like a lot of you are looking kind of antsy, like you want to go someplace, hope you aren't bored," Chris said with a laugh. "Anyway but I have seen that you have been enjoying the event, so I will extend it a little bit longer, no need to thank me."

"Okay I don't give a fuck if it makes me sound low class or rude, we have to get the hell out of here, and we have to get the hell out of here right now," Jill said as her friends sort of twitched around and reluctantly nodded. "I think that we will just have to excuse ourselves politely."

"Hey ladies, would any of you like to dance," Chris said as he came over, once again drinking another glass of champagne that no doubt would have him running to the bathroom in a short amount of time, which made all of them want to tie him up, place a funnel down his throat with a keg on top and then leave him there tied to a tree until he pissed himself.

Little did Chris know they were all sort of dancing underneath their dresses, pee dancing that was.

"You know this has been an absolutely lovely, event but we really must be going," Audrey said.

"Yes, I think that we all really really really must be going," Gilda said looking like she was about to bite her lip off.

"Well I hope that you will join me for one final toast," Chris said as they all reluctantly picked up their glasses and took a few sips.

"Cheers," Jill said as she quickly choked her drink down put her glass down on the table, and then she and her friends began slowly and carefully walking out into the parking lot and looking at their watches. "When is that damn limousine going to get here?"

"This event was supposed to end at least an hour ago, so they must be running really late, they should have already been here waiting for us," Becky said as she ran the fabric of her dress between her fingers as a nervous habit.

"I really wish that I could just pop a squat in this damn thing," Audrey said as she hopped up and down. "I am doing my Easter bunny hop right now."

They all had sort of a laugh about that, but none of them were quite smiling as they all stood there in front of the lake with the trickling sound of the waterfall making them more frantic.

"If the limousine doesn't arrive soon I think that I'm going to jump in the lake and piss myself and just make it look like I fell in as an accident," Gilda said.

"Show some restraint, you don't want to publicly humiliate yourself at a formal event like that do you," Becky said as she arched her back up straight and pushed her hand into the base of her spine as she crossed and uncrossed her legs underneath her dress.

"Oh my God, when is the limo going to arrive, I'm going out of my mind here," Jill said as they saw the lights of the limousine reflecting on them, and they all started running towards the limousine and opened the door and very quickly sat down, very carefully however.

"So how was the event ladies," the limo driver said smiling, but he could see that they were all frowning.

"Driver get us home as quickly as possible," Becky said. "And please, by all that is good and decent in the universe, try to watch any speed bumps."

As the four women sat in the back of the limousine none of them were touching the minibar, and they were all sitting with their legs firmly crossed and their hands in their laps. They kept constantly adjusting themselves and rubbing the fabric of their dresses between their fingers nervously.

"You ladies must be pretty tired back there, you were a lot more chatty on the way over," the limo driver said. "But you probably had an exhausting day, and you probably tried some champagne and that always makes me tired as well. Also champagne seems to make me have to go to the bathroom like a horse –"

"Shut up!" all of the women shouted as the driver closed the window separating him from the women in the back. That wasn't the classiest thing for a limo driver to say, which was the last thing that was concerning them at the moment.

"Maybe we shouldn't have pissed off the driver like that," Becky said.

"Please don't say piss," Gilda said.

"Fuck that I need to piss!" Jill said as she bounced up and down in her seat, trying to get comfortable but finding it impossible.

Traffic was rather slow, but finally the limousine arrived and they all slowly and carefully got out of the limousine, as they were all so thrilled to be home as they started running through the door.

"Let me just get my keys," Audrey said as they were all hopping up and down as she took her keys out of her purse and began opening the door.

As soon as they got inside they all started running towards the bathroom.

"Wait, we can't take a piss until we get out of our dresses," Becky said as the women all groaned.

"Well do me first I am bursting!" Jill shouted.

"I'm just as bursting as you are!" Gilda shouted.

Audrey whistled and clapped her hands. "Ladies ladies ladies, we just got back from a formal event, let's not act like God damned animals. I think that there is a orderly way we can do this. Now seeing as this is my house I think that I should get first dibs on the bathroom."

All of the women began protesting, but they could see that Audrey was standing in front of the bathroom door holding her arms stretched out to let them know what the score was. It was a total bitch move on her part, but they knew that they had no choice.

"Now is somebody going to cut me out of this dress or do you all want to keep waiting," Audrey said.

Becky quickly started undoing the back of Audrey's dress until it was just loose enough for her to get her dress down as she went into the bathroom and began peeing loudly as the three women outside began whimpering.

"Okay, somebody do my dress now," Becky said as she hopped up and down.

"Why should you get to go next," Jill said.

"Well I was the one who got Audrey out of her dress, so the way I see it one of you should get me out of my dress now," Becky said as the three of them stared at each other.

"Okay we have to think of some fair way to do this, let's all draw straws or something like that," Gilda said as she hopped up and down.

"Does anybody have any straws," Jill said as she continued jumping up and down as the three of them stood there realizing that none of them had straws. Just then Audrey came out of the bathroom with a huge smile on her face.

The three women forgot about the straws and they all started lunging towards the bathroom, and Jill found that she had beat them all and closed the door behind them.

"First come first serve losers!" Jill said as she went to go sit down on the toilet before realizing the terrible truth.

"I think that somebody forgot that she needs her friends to get her out of her dress before she can sit down and use the toilet," Becky said.

Jill realized that she was right, this was a real bind she was in.

"I call penalty, Jill should be the last one to go," Gilda said.

"That's not fair," Jill shouted as she danced around inside of the bathroom.

"Hey you shafted us, so now that's the punishment," Becky said. "And if you are thinking we are joking let's see you try to get out of your dress by yourself. The longer you stay in there the longer it's going to take."

Jill was practically in tears, but she realized that her friends had her at their mercy, so she opened up the door to the bathroom and Becky practically knocked her down, getting into the bathroom and peeing loudly as Jill and Gilda stood outside of the bathroom door looking at each other uncomfortably but saying nothing.

It seemed as though Gilda had already had her dress undone by Becky, and she was just holding it in place until she could get into the bathroom.

"At least help me start getting my dress undone," Jill said as she arched her back and put her hands on her hips.

"After I go to the bathroom," Gilda said as Jill realized that she was holding her dress up. "I can't exactly hold up my dress and undo your dress at the same time now can I?"

As soon as Becky came out of the bathroom Gilda quickly went inside and began peeing loudly. Becky and Audrey quickly went in the other room, have already changed into jeans and T-shirts in the bathroom.

"Start helping me undo my dress," Jill said when all of a sudden there was a ringing at the doorbell.

"I guess I had better see who that is," Audrey said as she opened the door to see that her housemate Mark was there.

"Hey Audrey, I thought maybe I would come and see how things went at the formal event and everything," Mark said as Gilda came out of the bathroom now dressed in jeans and a T-shirt as well, as Jill stood there in her dress fidgeting nervously and running the fabric of her dress between her fingers.

"Hurry up and help me out of my dress," Jill said as soon as Gilda came out.

"But Jill you can't start getting out of your dress here, there is a guy here, but don't worry I think that he will leave shortly," Gilda said as she and Jill walked into the living room where they saw Mark.

"Well it seems like one of you is still all dolled up," Mark said looking at Jill, who simply waved nervously at him as he pressed her knees tightly together.

As Jill stood there, the only one still in her formal dress, still sewn into her formal dress like a prisoner, as all of her three friends were standing there in comfortable jeans and T-shirts, with comfortably empty bladders, she practically wanted to smack all of them across their faces right then and there.

"Hi Mark, it's nice to see you came home tonight and everything, but we were just sort of in the middle of something," Jill said, trying to do whatever she could do to get Mark out of there so that she could get undressed and finally relieve herself.

Jill had never been fond of Mark, but as Mark was making eye contact with her she saw a sinister smile forming across his face.

"Actually have you got a little while, I have some things that I think that we really need to discuss," Mark said.

"It's just that we were about to do something important –" Jill said as she pressed her knees tightly together.

"Don't be rude Jill," Audrey said looking in her direction and making eye contact with her as that same sinister smile appeared across her face. "Whatever it is that we were about to do, believe me it can wait."

Mark smiled. "Well that's good, because I think this is going to take a while."

And as Jill sat down on the couch with her three friends, sweating profusely in her skintight dress, as Mark went on and on about how he had had a fight with his boyfriend over the fact that he lost his job as a dress designer, she realized that it was going to be a very very long Easter, and she could only hope that three days from now after she had died of a burst bladder that she would resurrect from the dead and come back and smack all of her friends right across their faces.

*002*2022-04-19 18:08

@rebeljaffa

"Poor Jill lost out again!"

True to life LOL :P.

*005*2024-02-18 20:37

@HoldingPrinces

"How long will poor Jill have to hold? Is there a second part?"

I wrote this nearly 2 years ago and I usually don't do sequels but I do have a lot of other holiday themed desperation stories including Christmas and Halloween ones!

