The Tickle Monster under the Bed Who Keeps Me from Peeing

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2022-07-24 14:06

Yesterday I pretty much got distracted all night chatting about my latest fixation of how women are really compliant and patient about waiting for the bathroom, even when that involves many many hours of uncomfortable waiting, as it's just sort of expected. I know I have brought that up in my blog before so I won't go back to that now, but by the time I was done with all of that I only had time to write something short and I was in a fetish frame of mind, so I decided to go with this story. I was actually going to write this story about a girl who is playing pranks involving an outhouse before getting desperate herself but I thought that that would end up being longer than I had time to write, so I saw this story like right above it on my list that been on there for over a year now and figured I would just go with it and I think it turned out pretty well.

I have to admit this is one of my crazy or more over-the-top desperation stories. I can't remember specifically what inspired it, and I have written a couple of other stories similar to this under my own name without the peeing aspect, but I always thought of the idea of a monster under the bed was absurd, but then I thought if you had a monster and your bed and you woke up needing to pee but you didn't want to get out of bed you would be in sort of a difficult situation, and I figured that that would make for a good desperation story! It's not really a dilemma that you are likely to encounter in real life but stories are always better when you don't have to be bound by reality, which as a sci-fi writer is pretty normal for most of what I write.

Then I decided to make it a tickle monster to make it all the crazier because I have a fetish for tickling, and because I also have a fetish for embarrassing nudity I got some of that in there as well, so I was pretty pleased that I was able to incorporate all of that into a single story. And although the majority of my stories don't involve wetting for those that you that do like that aspect of the fetish I guess you probably liked this one even more because of the implied bedwetting. So I hope everybody enjoys! Also can be read in my blog https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/10577.html

The Tickle Monster under the Bed Who Keeps Me from Peeing

Jill normally didn't like to drink a lot before going to bed but she had so much salt on her food that evening that she has found herself drinking and drinking.

"But hopefully I won't wake up a million times in the middle of the night to have to go to the bathroom," Jill said as she got dressed in her pajamas and pulled the covers over her head and went to sleep.

As soon as Jill went to sleep she had that telltale sign of being in a dream where she was desperately looking for a toilet but not finding one anywhere. In the background of her dream was a nonstop hissing noise that was making her absolutely frantic.

Finally Jill saw a bathroom only to find it was completely locked as she pounded on the door. "No no no, this is a nightmare!"

Jill stood there jumping from foot to foot trying to take her mind off of the bathroom but everywhere she looked were sprouting geysers, rain clouds, waterfalls, cascading streams, animals relieving themselves and the sound of a flushing toilet on the other side of the bathroom door that she could not get open.

As Jill stood there crossing her legs and biting her fingernails she thought that this truly was a nightmare, and that's when she realized something.

"Hey this is ridiculous, this must be a dream," Jill said suddenly finding herself lucid. "Hey I'm in a lucid dream, now I can control everything!" As Jill stood there looking over the landscape she once again grabbed herself and crossed her legs tightly. "Except for the fact that I am dying for a bathroom!"

Jill had had lucid dreams before and although in a lucid dream you can control your actions in the dream she found that she couldn't alter the setting of the dream. So as she looked around at all of the sprouting geysers, crashing water and the locked bathroom door in front of her she continued dancing around trying to take her mind off of her full bladder.

Somehow the fact that she was now lucid was making her more aware of the fact that she had to go to the bathroom not less, and there was no sign of relief anywhere. She closed her eyes and she tried to imagine herself waking up so that she could run down the hall to the bathroom.

When Jill opened her eyes and found herself in her bed she immediately sat up only to realize that the pressure in her bladder was aching more than ever. She quickly threw her legs over the side of the bed but as soon as she did so she found something grabbing them and she immediately pulled her feet back onto the bed.

As she sat there on the bed she also heard what sounded like a loud tinkling noise coming from underneath the bed that was driving her crazy.

"What's that, what's going on, who is under my bed," Jill said as she sat there in bed with her hands between her legs and her legs crossed tightly.

"It's me, the tickle monster," a voice said from underneath the bed.

"But there's no such thing as the tickle monster, what am I even doing even discussing this as though you were actually real," Jill said as she was about to get out of bed before coming up out of the bed was what looked like a tentacle with an eye on the end of it causing her to scream.

"Believe me now?" the tickle monster said.

"But I don't know who is playing this elaborate prank on me but I certainly do not believe it's a tickle monster," Jill said. "Now if you excuse me tickle monster but I really really need a bathroom, like really really insanely bad."

"Well that's too bad, because if you try to get up to go to the bathroom I will grab you with my tentacles and I will tickle you until you piss yourself!"

"That's ridiculous!" Jill said as all of the sudden more tentacles came up around every side of her bed with what looked like little fingers all over them with feathers on the end. "Okay okay so maybe there is a tickle monster. What do you want from me tickle monster?"

"Nothing, I just want to keep you from going to the bathroom!"

"But I really really really need the bathroom!"

"Well that's really really really too bad I guess. If you try to get off of this bed and go to the bathroom I will use my tentacles to grab you and start tickling you mercilessly until you wet yourself!"

"Well are you ever going to let me off of this bed because I obviously can't wait forever to go to the bathroom regardless of you being there!"

"Don't worry when the morning comes the tickle monster has to disappear for the day as I only exist until sunrise."

"Who makes these rules?"

"Look, I am a tickle monster I don't have to share my life story with you, now if you don't want me to tickle you until you pee all over yourself you had better stay in that bed and just hold on for the next four hours."

"Four hours, but I'm bursting!"

"Well it's up to you but if you get out of bed I am going to grab you with my tentacles, strip you naked and tickle every last inch of your body until you piss all over the place!"

Jill gritted her teeth, she knew that she wouldn't be getting any sleep for the rest of tonight, but she also knew she didn't want to become a victim of the tickle monster, no matter how ridiculous that sounded, probably because if she ended up wetting herself saying that the tickle monster did it probably wouldn't go over well with the other girls in the dormitory who would probably think that she was crazy.

"Fine tickle monster, but the moment the sun comes up and you are disintegrated or whatever happens to tickle monsters during daylight I am making a beeline straight to the bathroom."

Jill tried her best not to think about the tickle monster underneath her bed, but as the tickle monster kept making all sorts of trickling noises and gurgling noises and even flushing noises, she was finding it impossible to focus on anything else. She sat there in the bed with her legs crossed and twisting and turning restlessly watching as the clock slowly ticked by as she waited for sunrise to come.

"But please tickle monster let me go to the bathroom, this is torture," Jill said as she sat there squirming in bed tightly crossing and then uncrossing her legs.

"Drip drip drip, it sounds like a rainy night," the tickle monster said as Jill looked out the window to see that it was indeed pouring rain. She could also see that it was still another three hours until sunrise.

"Okay Jill just ignore the tickle monster and everything will be okay," Jill said sticking her fingers in her ears and trying to tune out the tickle monster but the tickle monster kept making all sorts of swishing and loud flushing noises such that she couldn't concentrate.

As the tickle monster started telling a story about waterfalls and lemonade stands and rainy days Jill tried her best not to listen but the tickle monster was really loud. Even with her fingers in her ears the tickle monster was relentless and time was going by slowly.

"Please monster under the bed, just let me go to the bathroom, it's an emergency," Jill said eventually getting to the point where she was begging because she could barely sit still in her bed.

"Sorry there is still an hour before sunrise," the monster said as it continued making loud trickling noises underneath Jill's bed.

Jill sat there trying her best to think, even though she couldn't concentrate because of the feeling of fullness in her bladder. There had to be some way to escape from the tickle monster and beat him at his own game, but how does somebody defeat a tickle monster? She couldn't believe she was actually asking herself that question, and she was starting to think that maybe the tickle monster was just a hallucination based on the fact that her bladder was so full and that maybe she was still having a weird lucid dream.

Jill pinched herself and found that she was still wide awake, so this was no dream, but she also knew that she didn't think she could hold out another hour, and she didn't want to wet her bed, so she was wondering if she should just make a run for it. How fast could a tickle monster be anyway?

As Jill looked at the clock and could see that it was still a half hour to sunrise and she was digging her fingernails into her mattress she knew that there was no chance that she could hold out much longer. She was going to have to make a run for it, tickle monster or no tickle monster!

Jill took a deep breath, quickly flung herself over the side of the bed and made a run for it. Unfortunately by the time she reached the door into the hallway she realized that somehow the tickle monster had managed to strip her completely naked!

"Well well well, now you are naked and desperate, how humiliating, but it is a good look on you!" the tickle monster said as its tentacle came out of the bed holding up Jill's pajamas like he was playing keep away. "I guess you can't exactly go out in the hall without these?"

"But please tickle monster, I really need the bathroom," Jill said now blushing at the fact that the tickle monster could probably see her naked since for some odd reason it had eyes on its tentacles. She knew it was just a tickle monster and that it was some kind of horrible monster, but she still found herself self-conscious over the fact that the tickle monster could see her naked and dancing around aching for a piss.

As the tickle monster's other tentacles started coming out of the bed towards Jill she knew that it was now or never and that she would have to take her chances.

"Screw it, nobody's probably awake yet," Jill said as she opened the door, ran into the hallway and ran naked with everything jiggling until she reached the end of the hall where the ladies room was, opened the door and quickly found herself in a stall finally relieving herself and feeling rather proud of the fact that she had beat the tickle monster at his own game, until she realized that she was still stuck buck naked.

She didn't hear anyone coming, so slowly she emerged from the stall and looked out into the hallway and didn't see anyone coming. With any luck maybe she could run back down the hall and get back into her room before anybody saw her.

"I guess I'll have to make a run for it," she said taking another deep breath and bolting down the hallway towards the door to her dormitory only to find it was locked. "No, this can't be happening! Let me in tickle monster!"

As Jill continued pounding on the door she suddenly heard what sounded like other doors opening and she froze as several of the other women from the other dorms walked out into the hallway, and that was when she noticed that they were still in their pajamas but that their pajamas appeared to be wet.

"Jill what are you doing out in the hallway," asked Ashley. "And why are you naked?"

Jill had to admit this was the most humiliating moment of her life but she thought that she should try to save face.

"I may not be wearing any clothes but at least I didn't wet my clothes," Jill said standing there smugly with her hands on her hips until she realized that it didn't change the fact that she was still completely buck naked and quickly began using her hands to cover up her naked body. "Why are you all wet?"

As a bunch of women in wet pajamas gathered around they all looked at each other with a moment of recognition.

"It was the tickle monster!" they all shouted as they began laughing.

"The tickle monster got all of you," Jill said.

"Indeed he did," said Chrissy as she laughed.

"Well least we are all equally embarrassed," Jill said as she began laughing.

Chrissy looked up and down Jill's naked body and smiled. "I don't know, we all got to keep our clothing on, what's more embarrassing, wet pajamas or no pajamas?!"

As all of the girls in their wet pajamas stood there laughing Jill simply scrambled to cover herself up and continued blushing and realized that probably everybody was going to remember her being naked in the hallway more than they were the fact that they had wet their beds, but on the positive side she managed to get to the bathroom in time.

Later that evening Jill wrote on a chalkboard Jill one, tickle monster one.

"I figure last night was a draw, seeing as I got to pee but this tickle monster still humiliated me by stealing my clothes, but tonight I'm not going to make the same mistake," Jill said as she poured out her drink, put a glass of warm water on the floor, sat on her bed and as soon as the first tentacle emerged she grabbed it and stuck it in the warm water. "Well let's see who pisses themselves now bitch!"

She figured if you can't beat them join them.

