Couple of Old Stories

Author: dirtydl

*000*2016-09-29 18:30

Hi everybody. So in the interest of contributing some more material to the community and getting out of the trial member stage, I've decided to post a couple of stories I wrote a few years ago that may be of interest to some of you here. Fair warning, though, both of these stories contain (and focus mainly on) diapers and messing. If these do not float your boat, I'd suggest you give these stories a pass. If you do like those things, please take a look, enjoy, provide feedback, and if I get enough response, I may write some more stories with different, more omo focused plots. Thanks!

At 5'4" tall with 34C breasts, shoulder length dirty blonde hair, and a winning smile, she personified cute. Her personality was just as sweet as her outward appearance and I was lucky to have her.

We had met during our freshman year of college and quickly became friends. The chemistry we had was undeniable. Our friends commented on it, our teachers commented on it, hell, everyone who saw us together thought we were a couple. We soon realized that being a couple was indeed something we both wanted. You know that honeymoon phase that all couples go through at first? That was our relationship all the time. We adored each other and weren't afraid to show it.

We were both virgins when we met, but soon after we started dating that changed. Our very real love for each other made the sex incredible. She was an uninhibited machine in bed, surprising given her generally sweet and shy nature otherwise. She was always open with me sexually and wasn't afraid to tell me about things that may have been considered out of the ordinary that turned her on. So when I told her about my diaper fetish she was accepting and perfectly willing to give it a shot for me. We started off slow, where I would just wear diapers around her when I could. Next step was wetting them in front of her, and finally messing. She never minded changing me, and I sure didn't mind either, since she usually took care of my rock hard erection in the process. After she got used to me using my diapers and changing me, we moved on to some role-play and light BDSM kind of things. Spankings and tying me to the bed and whatnot.

So here I am, tied face up, spread eagle on the bed in our apartment. She always ties me face up so I can't hump the bed to get myself off, because she knows it's a guarantee that if I have a diaper on, I'm sporting an erection. I've been here for about an hour and I can feel the laxatives she made me take last night starting to take affect. She walks into the room in a ridiculously short skirt and a corset that looks like it's been painted on.

"Have you messed yourself yet?" she asks, walking over to the bed.

"No, ma'am," I respond. I don't know why I call her ma'am whenever we role-play. It just seems appropriate when she has this much power over me.

"Well you'd better dirty your diaper soon. For every minute that you don't mess, your spanking is going to be longer." She pushes on my stomach, not so much because she doesn't want me to have a longer spanking, but because she loves to see me use my diapers. She's come to realize it's a huge turn on for her.

Her pushing does the trick, because in about ten seconds, I can feel waves of warm mush filling the seat of my double thick Bambino diapers. It keeps coming for what feels like a solid minute as I grunt and push to make my diapers dirty for my lover. When I finish, I let out a sigh of relief, signaling the end of my episode.

From her place beside the bed, she bends over slightly so she can slide her hand under my diapered butt to feel my enormous mess. She moves her hand to rub my erection through my diaper as she reaches for my head with her other hand.

"Did you like that sweetheart? Did you like messing your diapers?" she whispers fiercely into my ear, her short, hot breaths tickling me and turning me on simultaneously. "Because only bad boys like messing their diapers." She punctuates this last statement by pushing down on my crotch, forcing my ass into the soft, smelly mess below.

I close my eyes, trying to avoid blowing my load right then and there. "Please ma'am," I beg her. "Can you untie me so I can touch myself?"

"I don't think so, dear," she says, pushing down on my crotch again to illustrate the absurdity of my request. "You still haven't gotten your spanking yet. And bad boys who fill their diapers need to be spanked, don't they? Go on, honey. Beg me to spank you."

She doesn't have to tell me twice. "Please," I whimper. "Please give me a spanking, ma'am. I've messed my diapers and I need a spanking."

"That's right," she says, as she begins to untie me. First my feet, then my hands. She sits down on the edge of the bed and motions for me to lie across her lap. "You're going to get a spanking right here on your messy, messy bottom."

I do as I'm told and lie across her lap, bracing myself for the first blow. For such a little girl, she sure can spank hard.

The first blow lands, a muffled 'thump,' as her hand connects with the back of my poop filled diapers. My spanking has begun, and soon, a barrage of open handed blows are raining down on my messy diapers, spreading my mess all around inside of them. As the spanking draws to a close, she reaches her free hand down towards my crotch and begins to rub my persistent erection through my diaper again.

"And look at this," she says. "Not only are you a bad boy for messing your diapers, but it excites you. You like getting spanked on your dirty diapered bottom. What a naughty boy."

Her chastising combined with her spanking me in a messy diaper and rubbing my erection through my diaper finally proves too much for me and I start to cum in my diapers, beginning what is probably the best orgasm of my life. As it draws to a close, she stops spanking me and leans down to kiss me passionately.

She helps me lie in the bed and then walks around to the other side to settle in next to me. I roll over to spoon her and soon fall asleep with a mess in my diapers and my lover in my arms.

*001*2016-09-29 18:30

As I lay in bed, eyes shut tight against the inevitability of waking up, I could hear her stirring next to me. Suddenly, I felt some pressure as she rolled over on top of me. Eyes still closed, I mumbled at her, still half asleep.

"Sweetheart, was time is it? It can't be much past---"

But my grieving lips were abruptly stopped by a long, deep kiss from the beautiful girl on top of me. She continued to kiss me as I took her face in my hands, slowly moving them down her neck, across her shoulders, and down her back, before finally stopping at the diaper fastened snugly around her waist. I patted her bottom and then slowly wedged my hand in between her crotch and mine, her diaper and mine, to feel if she was wet. All I felt was my burgeoning erection, so I asked her, in between her passionate kisses,

"Honey." Mmm. "You didn't..." Mmm. "Wet..." Mmm. "During the night?" I finally finished.

She pulled her lips away from mine to answer. Disappointed, I opened my eyes.

"I guess not," she pouted, adding to the adorableness that her diaper already lent her. Then her face lit up. "I really have to go now, though!" she exclaimed, starting to roll off me.

"Uh-uh," I chided, catching her before she rolled off of me completely. "I want you to do it just like this."

She hesitated for a moment, and then, seeing the spark in my eye, beamed with enthusiasm, settling in all the more vigorously than before. Grinding her crotch into mine, she closed her eyes and I took her hands, squeezing them tightly down at her sides, as she concentrated on the task at hand.

At first, there was nothing but silence, but soon, I heard a steady hiss and felt the warmth through my diaper as it spread through hers. After what seemed like two full minutes, her eyes snapped open again. "All done!" she grinned, as I kissed her on the forehead.

"My turn," I said mischievously, as I rolled over, pinning her underneath me and causing her to giggle. My tireless erection made it difficult for things to get going, but soon I was wetting my diaper with a force to match that with which the girl beneath me had just soaked hers.

"Good job, babe," she said, reaching down to give my aching member a quick rub and to feel the wetness of both our diapers. As she did so, she let out a quick, dainty girl fart, causing her to blush. "Excuse me," she whispered, embarrassed of her flatulence.

I kissed her quickly, a nonverbal "it's okay."

"I guess we know what that means," I said, giving her a knowing look.

"Oh yes," she replied with a cheeky grin.

I rolled off of her to allow her to get up. She rolled over onto her stomach and rose to sit on her knees, facing the side of the bed, with her back to me.

I moved in close behind her, touching my chest to her upper back and moving my right hand around her to her stomach. I placed my other hand on her now rather damp behind and began to rub her stomach with my other hand. As I rubbed, I planted small kisses up and down her neck and across her shoulders. I felt her stomach muscles tense, and soon she was grunting with all the might her tiny body could muster. Suddenly, I felt a new warmth in the back of her diaper and a light, but constant pressure as her poop emerged and began to fill the seat of her diaper. Still grunting, she bore down with a renewed vigor, forcing the rest of the first wave of waste out of her and into her waiting diaper.

Bearing down hard again, she was treated to a second wave of soft, thick poop that filled out the gaps in her diaper that had been left by the first round of poop. Tensing once more to be sure she was empty, she quickly relaxed, panting from the effort. Still kissing her neck and shoulders, I moved my right hand up to fondle her breasts. My left hand pressed up and forward, pushing the warm, mushy poop into her behind, an action which she responded to by grinding her butt into my hand, further squishing the poop throughout her diaper. She looked at me over her shoulder and smiled shyly.

"Mmmmm," she moaned, placing her right hand over mine to help me fondle her own breasts, and her left on mine, to help me in making her behind caked further with her own mess.

"That looked like so much fun, I think I'll have to do the same," I teased, lowering myself to sit on my knees, just as she had done.

She turned around to face me, pushing me back a bit to make room for her to lie in front of me. Pulling the front of my diaper down, she took out my still rock hard erection.

"I want you to mess your diaper while I blow you, sweetheart," she said in an ironically innocent voice.

I wasn't about to object, so I just smiled and nodded my agreement as she took my throbbing erection in her mouth. Closing my eyes, I reached out my hands in front of me until they found my girlfriend's thoroughly soaked and bulging diaper. As I began to rub her mess into her rear, I worked on making my own mess in my own diaper. Gritting my teeth, I tensed my stomach muscles and was immediately rewarded with an explosion of poop in the back of my diaper.

Meanwhile, my girlfriend was getting just as worked up as I was due to my squishing her mess all over her ass. Moaning as she worked expertly on my member, I could tell she was nearing orgasm. I still felt a little full, however, and grunted again, bringing another round of warm, mushy poop into my diaper, coating my butt in a thick layer of waste. At that moment, the load in my diaper and the blowjob I was receiving became too much for me and I began to cum in my girlfriend's mouth, from which was issuing a moan that signaled an orgasm of her own. I became more vigorous in my rubbing of her messy diapered butt and we reached our climax simultaneously in a flurry of wet, messy, diapered ecstasy.

Collapsing next to each other, I took her in my arms as we lay on our sides and curled into the fetal position, her inside of me.

"What time is it?" she asked dreamily.

"Who cares?" I replied, kissing her neck a final time before we both drifted off to sleep.

