Haddie's Swamp Soaking! + Haddie`s First Soaking!!

Author: DerekOmoso

*000*2022-12-18 17:19

(Hiiii! It's been a while since my last story, but I present you with a two in one! Kind of. Originally it was supposed to just be with the swamp stuff, but I decided to write out the bathtub stuff!! I like it a lot. I hope you enjoy reading it!)

It was the perfect day for Haddie. Humid, a light drizzle of rain, and best of all... Her day off!

Haddie had blonde hair a little bit of freckles. She was a B cup with a nicely rounded butt.

Haddie decided that today would be the perfect day to indulge in one of her secret soakings..

Recently she learned that she liked the feeling of peeing her pants! She always joked around with her friends by telling them anytime she had to pee. Sometimes if she didn't have access to a toilet she'd joke about peeing herself.

Well, turns out that working a full time job, going to college, AND tutoring kids almost everyday would cause some pretty close calls. Sure, Haddie never had a full-blown accident, but the idea of it kept flying around in her head. She kept thinking "What if I actually peed in my pants?"

She never had the chance to try it until about a month ago. She got home from work and changed into some pajamas when she felt that she had to go really bad. So she decided to get up and go into the bathroom. She stood in the bathtub and tried to pee herself. Her body refused to let go at first. Haddie blushed and shook her head. She really was about to just pee in her pants when there was a toilet right next to her.

She was determined though.

Haddie turned on the bathroom sink. That always made her have to pee more. After a few minutes of trying to relax her muscles. She gave up... Almost. She realized that she wasn't going to be able to pee 'Normally'.

Haddie spread her legs a little farther apart before pushing really hard. Nothing came out at first, but she definitely knew she could push some out. She pushed again this time she spurted!!! The warm pee dampened her pink panties she had on. She couldn't help herself. She moaned. She pushed again feeling another squirt of pee shoot out into her panties dampening them even more. She moaned a little louder. Finally she pushed a third time. Not as hard as before, but hard enough to feel her stream start to come out.

The light stream completely soaked her panties. It went doesn't her legs turning part her pajama pants a dark red. She was wearing some pink panties and some bright pink pajama bottoms. As she felt her warm pee go down her legs she couldn't help but moan.

A lot.

Towards the end of her stream she started rubbing her clit. It didn't take long for her to climax which squirted out the last remaining bit of pee right into her soaked panties. Haddie almost collapsed due to the strength of that orgasm.

She stood up as straight as she could get and realized that she really just came from peeing herself. She laughed it off and stripped out of her clothes. She showered and went back to bed. She had a dream of that orgasm. She wanted to pee herself again, but she didn't have the time.

That brings us back to the modern day.

Today was a warm June day. It was her first day of the summer break at her college. She had known exactly how she was going to spend it from that first wetting. Haddie knew of this swamp cabin for a long time. She loved swamp scenery. The dense fog, the nice green atmosphere, the frogs croaking in song, and of course the secrecy of the area.

Haddie had a plan to rent the cabin and pee her pants in the swamp. The day was set to get even more wet. Not from her pee, but from the rainstorm approaching. Haddie didn't know what to pee in though. Maybe a pair of leggings? How about her yoga pants that made her butt look even better.... How about a pair of baggie light blue jeans?

She decided to bring EVERY outfit she thought would be fun to pee in. A duffle bag full of clothes that she was going to try peeing in. It was a funny thought. She gathered all of the essentials for a cabin in the swamp. It ranged from a hair brush to bug spray.

Haddie climbed in her car and drove to the closest area to the cabin. She grabbed her bags of stuff and walked to the cabin. It was a fairly easy walk. Not super wet. At least the path she took. She was about to be super wet though. She already felt the need to pee. She got a seductively evil smile on her face. She was already excited... Mentally AND physically.

She walked into the cabin. It was surprisingly clean and dry. She set all of her stuff down and decided to change out of the black cargo pants she walked here with. Sure they were already wet from the water, but she wanted to see the wet spot. She wanted to see her little 'Accident' she was about to have. A naughtier side of her wanted someone else to see it...

She changed into the baggy pair of light blue jeans. She walked outside into the beautiful green swamp. She stood on a strong-enough log and started trying to relax. It still wasn't working. Here she was super excited to pee herself and her body wasn't letting her. She pushed hard. Which actually worked the first time. She squirted a pretty large amount of pee out. Immediately soaking her panties and leaving a wet spot on her jeans. She moaned in pleasure. She pushed again and more came out. Haddie was already near climax.

FINALLY she pushed her bladder in and tried relaxing. Almost instantaneously her pee came flooding out. Completely soaking her teal panties she had on. Of course her light blue jeans weren't safe. A large wet spot spread all the way down her legs. Her white socks were soaked. She kicked off her shoes and since the socks were thin... Her feet were very noticeable. She kept peeing. Half way through it her body couldn't resist climax and she came. She almost fell off of the log because of how good it felt. After her climax wore off. She let the rest of her pee soak into her jeans or into the log under her.

She grabbed her shoes and took a look at her basically bare feet. She laughed and slid the wet shoes on. She made her way back inside and rubbed herself until climax again.

Her swamp trip was going to be amazing.

*002*2022-12-18 19:22

{{3 minutes ago, Hypergirl said:

Really loved this story! I am glad you added the “first wetting” because it gave deepness to Haddie’s character!

Also her first wetting reminds me of exactly my own! I tried it in a bathtub and my body didnt let me pee at first just like her!

Love her character evolution and how she became so naughty as to dedicate a trip to do so in a swamp! Really well written and described. Keep it up!

}}

Awww thank you. That means a lot!!! A descent into naughtiness!!

*004*2022-12-18 20:02

{{Just now, Seifer69 said:

Enjoying this so far.

}}

Aw! Thanks I had fun writing it! Glad you enjoyed it!

