Black Widow Captured (A Marvel Fic)

Author: drxpp

*000*2021-09-14 12:34

Natasha Romanoff was the perfect spy - her gruelling training had made sure of that. And the perfect spy could not abandon her mission just because she had to go potty. And she definitely couldn’t leave a piss puddle behind, no matter how full she felt. No, the perfect spy could hold and hold, and never let it show that her piss was straining against her bladder. Mind over matter. Mission over pissing.

During her training, Natasha had wet herself countless times. Back when her bladder was still disgustingly human, still prone to overpower her and force a release when she tried to deny it, she had spent more time in pissy panties than clean ones. That was part of her punishment for her failure. Dry panties are for girls who can keep them dry. And at first, no matter how much she tried, poor Nat simply couldn’t.

###

It had been thirteen hours since she had last been allowed to go pee. Her bladder felt like a boulder inside her, heavy with boiling piss, but she didn’t dare hold herself. She wasn’t allowed to hold herself. She bounced on her toes under the guise of readying herself to spar, hoping the way she rubbed her thighs together would go unnoticed.

Each movement made her body scream for release. She felt a drop escape from between her clenched pussy lips, the tiniest release that did absolutely nothing to ease the burden of everything she was holding.

“Again,” her instructor demanded. And though she desperately wanted to object, she knew better. So Natasha spun around again, bringing her leg up high in a high kick.

This time, she couldn’t fight the instinct to grab herself as soon as she executed the manoeuvre. The pressure between her legs was too great, the urge too strong.

Her instructor looked at her with a sneer. “Are you a little girl?” he asked.

”No,” she said through gritted teeth.

”But you hold yourself like one.”

She forced herself to let her crotch go, standing straight and tense. Another drop slipped out, dampening her panties.

“You must learn control.”

She nodded. “I am controlling-“

”No. You are making pee-pee in your panties like a little baby.”

She wanted to. Fuck, she really wanted to. She wanted to go so badly, to let out the hours and hours worth of pent up piss inside her. She wanted to open up her piss hole and spray onto the floor, anything to be empty again. But she couldn’t.

Unfortunately for her, she didn’t have a choice.

She let out a choked sob as a jet of piss, almost strong enough to knock her off her feet, shot out of her. She was going, going, going, but she didn’t even feel slightly emptier yet. Her instructor watched on in disgust as she cried and pissed, a seemingly never ending stream that turned the whole floor of the studio into one big puddle. But still she had to go as much as if she had still only let him out a single drop.

###

Natasha woke from her dream to a searing pain in her abdomen. But she was dry. She was always dry these days.

Thirteen hours of piss holding was child’s play for a steel bladder like hers. But it had been so much more than thirteen hours since her last piss, and the fact it was infecting her dreams, making her feel like that little girl who couldn’t even wait a full day, was a worrying sign.

With a bladder like hers, there was rarely a rush to use the bathroom. So she had skipped it on Monday, just because she could. No one could tell anyway, not when her catsuit kept her bladder nice and compressed. By Tuesday lunchtime, she had been starting to get a little desperate, but she had resolved to wait until she had finished her basic recon mission. In theory, it should only have taken a couple of hours. In theory.

In reality, Dr Doom had been far more prepared for her than anyone had thought. And that was how she had ended up in a silver box of a cell with only a bed in the centre of it… and how she had been forced to hold nearly five days worth of piss.

It seemed as though the bastard was enjoying watching her squirm. But she knew the cameras were pointed on her and would never give him the satisfaction of watching her squat, not when she knew she could hold it for as long as she needed to.

But how long would she need to?

Every second was agony. Her bladder had trained, had worked so hard to build up the strength to contain anything, but she had never pushed it so far before. She looked several months pregnant with pent-up piss, boiling hot inside her. It was so much, so painful, that she almost felt like it would start coming out of her mouth soon if she continued to deny it the exit it was demanding.

As much as she didn’t want to, she had no choice but to hold herself. It was that or start leaking, and she couldn’t let even the smallest drops escape. Once she did, her resolve would break entirely.

She sat up on the uncomfortable bed with her hands buried in her crotch. If she wet the bed, she would have nowhere else to sleep. If she wet the floor, she would surely turn the whole floor into a puddle and trap herself on the bed. There was nowhere to go, so she would have to keep holding. Keep holding forever, if necessary.

But god, could she? Or did even her steel bladder have a limit, a maximum amount it could contain before she was a little girl again, soaking herself?

Fuck, she wanted a piss. It was all she could think about. And how pathetic was that? Natasha Romanoff, the Black Widow, reduced to sitting around and squirming in a cell, waiting for someone else to come and save her because she was too preoccupied with needing to pee to do anything else.

A violent wave of desperation rolled over her and she hissed in pain. Her pussy was trembling under her vice-like grip, begging her to let it relax for just a second, to just do a little, to give it a moment of relief from the pain of holding.

”You’ll have to go eventually,” a voice said from nowhere. It was the first she’d heard since she woke up here, and startled her almost enough to let her control slip. This was getting dangerous - her nerves were stronger than this! But when all of her strength was focused on not pissing, she didn’t have much left for anything else.

”I’m fine,” she spat.

”Don’t lie, my little widow. You’re fighting a losing battle.”

She knew he was right, but she couldn’t bear to hear it. She was going to wet herself. She didn’t know when, but her chances of getting rescued before she made a mess were decreasing rapidly.

As if in agreement, her bladder contracted and forced out a momentary squirt, saturating her panties with that familiar wetness. She bit back a whimper and wriggled desperately.

She got to her feet, hoping that pacing would help her keep her hole firmly closed, but the sudden change in gravity just caused another tiny drop to escape her. Fuck. Fuck. She was so desperate, in so much pain. Her only consolation was the black leather of her catsuit hiding it from view.

”Uh-oh…” the teasing voice said, and she could practically hear the smirk. “Someone had a little accident.”

There was nothing little about her accident, though. Her piss was shooting out of her like a fire hose, painfully fast and strong, directly into her boots, overflowing them instantly. It was even saturating the leather of her outfit, so heavy and so much that no amount of material could prevent it from spreading.

The puddle filled every corner of the room and kept rising. She pissed for what felt like hours, peeing and peeing and peeing. It hurt so much but felt so incredibly good.

As she caught her breath, she saw her puddle flowing out through a brick in the wall. An exit! She kicked it loose with her piss-filled boot and commando crawled through the gap, trying not to think too much about the fact she was crawling through her own enormous piss puddle.

In the corridor, she saw two guards with their back to her. Silent despite still dripping, she crept up behind them.

”Hey, you smell something weird?” the one on the left asked. But before his companion could answer, Natasha had knocked them both out and taken their guns. Now this was more like it.

*002*2021-09-22 14:46

{{On 9/14/2021 at 3:32 PM, LifeIsStrange said:

Pretty good, any chance you could do an omo fic for Pepper Potts as well?

}}

It might take me a while to get round to it but I will try!

