Losted Control

Author: DenSak

*000*2020-04-23 17:38

Excuse me, this is my first fanfic in the universe of control. I do not know English well, but judge strictly! Thank! After a lot of searching time, I did not find any fan fiction on this topic. Therefore, I decided to do it myself.

Jesse had been in an unknown, dangerous and huge building for several hours. Suddenly everything fell on her. The duties of the director, superpower, and a huge number of dangerous monsters who tried to kill her. She moved along one of the corridors to return to a safe area where she could rest. Each cell of her body was incredibly tense and concentrated so that the suddenly jumping out monster did not kill her. She had no right to make a mistake. In the end, if she dies, then no one can stop these monsters from capturing the House. Soon she was at the elevator. Everything went pretty quietly and she killed only a few monsters who just walked and did not pay attention to her. She climbed the elevator and ended up in a safe area.

Many employees greeted her approvingly. In the end, if the director having superpowers did not die after a dangerous sortie to open the whole HOUSE, it was very good for them. Jesse perfectly mastered all the artifacts that she received. Nevertheless, she retained human fatigue and weakness. She literally fell down, so she effortlessly got to the nearest sofa in a closed room and fell asleep, not paying attention to the first tingling in the bladder.

A few hours later, she discovered that someone had covered her with a blanket. Looking around, she saw that Emily was sitting on a chair. She was in the defense system and was clearly busy with something. Jesse's stomach purred treacherously. Emily turned and smiled affably. In the end, Jesse and Emily were in a very friendly or even ... pleasant relationship. Emily asked Jesse for well-being and brought her something to eat. Jesse spent a little time talking with Emily and decided to move forward when suddenly Emily detained her and asked to find one artifact hidden literally nearby. Jesse agreed to bring it and, having said goodbye, raised its weapon to combat readiness. Her bladder slowly filled with a new bottle of water, although for her it was not very noticeable. In the end, she got there pretty quickly got to the place where she pulled out a telephone connection.

Literally in the next room was a small glass container in which there was a rather strange ball. She slowly approached him and shot through the container, after which the artifact began to tremble a bit and jumped into Jesse's hands. She was surprised, but he had almost no effect on her. She examined him. It was a shiny round ball weighing about 400 grams. She shifted it to the other hand. No reaction. Soon she returned to the safe area to Emily, who was glad of this find. She carefully took him in a glove and said that the artifact was inactive and calmly sighed.

After which she read out a case about this artifact Jessica. It turned out that this artifact was a source of endless water that one of the directors used to destroy dangerous objects from the inside. If Jesse manages to subjugate him, he can completely kill opponents with strong armor from the inside. Jesse liked this, but Emily said she did not know about the side effects of these artifacts. Jesse decided to take a chance and thanks to the pyramid she tied the artifact to herself.

Just a couple of seconds, nothing happened. Emily asked how she was feeling. Jesse focused on her emotions and felt only a slight need. She looked at Emily and said nothing. Emily said it was strange ... And then Jesse came up with a crazy idea. She looked at Emily's cute tight-fitting pants and imagined that the urine inside was filled with water. Emily abruptly began to worry and grabbed her bladder. She turned in surprise and looked at Jesse, who was breathing unevenly and was clearly aroused by this. Emily was glad that the artifact was working ... But nevertheless, she was not ready for such a sharp turn of events and asked what Jesse wanted to do ... She was awkward breathing and closed the door to the room and curtained the curtain.

Jesse said: "I .... I like this ... You and that ... how you wriggle ... I hope you will not mind." Emily was extremely surprised. She could not refuse the director but her heart beat faster. She started to get nervous but she started to like it. And she set the condition that only if Jesse agrees then to torment her. Jesse was incredibly embarrassed but agreed. Then she went to Emily. Emily felt she was quite full but could still hold on. Jesse walked over to her and slowly began to unfasten her pants. Emily was very embarrassed but did not resist. Soon she was only in shorts.

Emily was very uncomfortable holding hands and Jesse knew that. She walked away from her and smiled slightly. Emily began to shrink. After a couple of minutes, Jesse again imagined Emily's bladder filling up significantly. Emily squealed a little and grabbed her bubble. She was almost at the limit since Jesse overdid it a bit. She began to contract very strongly and constantly moved and danced looking at Jesse .. Jesse was incredibly excited and her heart was beating like mad. She looked at Emily's beautiful bare legs and her movements. Emily soon said that she could not stand it for a long time.

Jesse walked over to Emily and ... kissed her lightly on the table. Emily was almost at the limit, but she managed to answer that kiss and stay dry. Jesse began to take off her clothes and appeared in front of Emily in only one of her bras and panties. Because of the armor on Emily, taking off her shirt was all the more so when she used both her arms and legs to restrain her urine was problematic, but soon Emily found herself in only shorts. Jesse deftly sat on her and she sat right on her bladder. Emily literally burst with desire, but without words, Jesse did nothing. Jesse pressed on her urine ... then jumped a little. Emily let out a sigh of great excitement. She very often groaned and barely held.

After that, Jesse gently pressed her hands and Emily could no longer use them to hold herself and very often began to jump with her pelvis on her urine. Emily groaned more and more. She was at the limit of her abilities. After a couple of minutes, she said that she could no longer hold on and .... flowed. At first, insignificantly, but with each new press, it flowed stronger and stronger until a stream of water flowed from it. Emily tried to stop but could not. She wriggled her legs, but Jesse's sharp kiss made her just relax and release everything. Jesse and Emily were close to each other lying on the table ... After a couple of minutes of heavy breathing, Emily said: "it's my turn." There was a slight smile on her face, and Jesse's heart began to beat again more often.

*002*2020-04-23 18:55

{{4 minutes ago, LifeIsStrange said:

Очень хорошо! Есть ли шанс, что вы могли бы сделать фантастику для Бет и Эми из Quantum Break?

}}

Maybe :3

