In which Sergeant Jyn Erso can't seem to pee

Author: duchessofwasps

*000*2023-11-16 06:02

Hi, folks! This is my first time posting fic on this site, so please let me know if I've done something wrong with formatting/tagging conventions, etc.! I usually post primarily on archive of our own, and this story was posted there a couple years ago, but I've done some fairly extensive edits since then and I figured this was where I'd find people who actually want to read it lol.

If you're not familiar with the movie, it probably doesn't matter all that much, I think (at least I hope?) it can stand on its own. If you are familiar with the movie, please note that like all my RO stories, this takes place in a universe where the major characters all survived the movie, because while the ending of Rogue One is fantastic, it's not especially conducive to writing piss fic.

If you like it please let me know, I love attention.

###

It’s early in the morning, something like eight hours since the chaos of landing back in Echo Base, and Jyn sits in her bed in the sick bay, begrudgingly finishing her third glass of water in two hours. She was admitted immediately upon returning from that nightmare of a mission, and it’s been a long night. The broken ankle was easy enough, at least. After the miracles of bacta it’s nearly good as new already. It was the effects of her capture, of whatever drug the Imperial bastards had employed in the bar, that were the real concern. Whatever it was, it had kept adrenaline pumping through her system for hours. She'd blacked out more than once in the cot on the flight back, half-way delirious and severely dehydrated. Even Cassian - stoic, practical Cassian - hadn’t been able to hide his concern at her condition.

But she’s doing better now. She’s been hooked up to a drip all night, and the drug doesn’t seem to be causing any problems anymore, her heart rate finally returned to normal. All she needs now is a negative test, proof that most of it is gone from her system. And the dehydration… yeah, that’s definitely not a problem anymore. In fact, her real problem now is the exact opposite of dehydration. That, plus the need for the test, should cancel out quite nicely. But they don’t.

The nurse said she’s free to go as soon as she provides a urine sample. That should be the easiest part of her entire stay. They were giving her fluids in her IV until it was removed a few hours ago as well as orally. A med droid was even so kind as to leave a jug of water on the table beside her bed, “to help things along,” but Jyn can’t make her body behave long enough to fill the collection vessel.

It’s about the size and shape of a small water bottle with a strange funnel-like top. It’s designed to be used by bedridden patients, the nurse explained. Not that Jyn’s bedridden, she added, it’s just the easiest thing they have for her. Hold it between her legs once she has to go and relax. That’s how the nurse said it. Like it would be easy.

Spoiler: It isn’t.

Those first two parts are easy. Sure. She can spread her legs and position the opening over her pussy under the covers. The “have to go” part is even easier. Jyn’s way past needing to go. She hasn’t had a chance to piss since last night and she’s bursting. So full it nearly borders on pain, but each of the three times she tries her bladder locks up and she’s left whimpering with need and no relief.

There’s no wall to shield her from the nurse’s station, only a thin privacy curtain suspended between the walls. There are too many people nearby, too many ears to hear the sound of liquid splattering against plastic. She can’t do it and it’s becoming a problem. They won’t let her out of bed until the test is done, and she can’t get the test done in the bed. Just a lovely dilemma.

She’s never had this problem before. A childhood in close quarters with rebels and an adolescence alone would have trained it out of her if she had. Why here? Why now?

The nurse comes back just when Jyn’s considering trying again. “No luck?”

Jyn shakes her head, mortified. She’s not exactly a fan of questions about her bathroom habits. She’s also not about to tell the obnoxiously perky twi’lek she can’t leave because she’s bladder shy, of all things. That would hardly help her reputation.

“That’s alright, honey. Sometimes these things can take time.” Jyn fantasizes silently about kicking the woman for calling her ‘honey,’ but there’s no telling what might happen if she moves too quickly. Wetting herself would be even more embarrassing than her current situation. “Take as long as you need. Why don’t you try some more water?”

She’s already pouring another glass and Jyn wants to cry. She can feel every drop she’s had already sloshing inside her, but there’s nothing she can do but accept the cup and take a sip.

“There’s a good girl. I’ll be back to check on you soon.” With that, she leaves Jyn alone between the curtains.

Once she’s sure she’s gone Jyn replaces the glass on the side table and picks up the urinal to try again. It’s going to happen sooner or later, she needs to pee. Why shouldn’t it be now? She can do this.

Sitting up straight at the head of the bed, Jyn spreads her legs under the sheets and positions the bottle over her center. I’m alone, she thinks to herself. No one cares if I pee. I’m supposed to pee. Just relax…

She comes closer this time. Breathing evenly, slowly, letting the tension begin to drain out of her as she wills the liquid inside her to do the same. Come on.

She can feel her poor, overfilled bladder throbbing, getting ready to give in. Fuck, yes. She’s finally, finally going to have relief, finally going to empty herself. Jyn closes her eyes as she feels it coming.

Suddenly there’s a clatter of something dropping to the floor in the ward next to hers and her bladder locks up tight. Jyn whimpers, her body screaming with the need to ease the pressure as her hope of relief dries up. No. She’d been so close to making it happen.

Jyn gives it another half-hearted try but she doesn’t really expect results. She’s way too tense now, reminded again that someone could walk in on her at any moment. So much for that.

It’s still not happening, so Jyn picks up her holoprojector and flicks it on. She drinks more water despite her body’s protest, dreading every sip, and positions herself with her legs apart, breathing deep breaths. She knows her biology. Eventually the pressure will increase to the point that she’ll start to lose control, whether her idiot subconscious consents or not. She’s not looking forward to the discomfort that experience will bring, but it will be best to get it over with however long it’s going to take. She keeps the collection vessel close at hand and turns on something to watch. She can’t focus on it, but at least it’s better than nothing.

A half hour later she’s thinking about giving it another try when someone knocks on the wall. “Jyn? May I come in?”

It’s the voice she’s been missing all day, so she doesn’t have to think before she answers. “Yeah, come in.”

Cassian slips between the wall and the curtain, and she’s ridiculously delighted to see him. He was here last night, holding her hand while she fought through the terrifying panic reaction the drug caused in her system, but he left when she finally fell asleep to give the mission report to General Draven and this is the first she’s seen of him since.

“Are you doing OK?” He asks, pulling up the chair beside her bed and leaning down to kiss her. She sighs, his presence already helping her mood.

"Much better. I just need to get some tests done and then I can leave.” She doesn’t need to mention the nature of the tests or why they aren’t over already.

“I’m glad. I’m afraid I can’t stay too long, I have to run a patrol in an hour.” An hour will almost definitely be too long but she’s an idiot too excited to have him here to think about it. “What were you watching?”

"Some stupid show I heard one of the girls in my barrack talking about. It’s all rich ladies fucking each other’s husbands and crying about it. I think one of them also murdered someone.”

“Mm. Sounds like fun.” He grabs her hand to kiss it open-mouthed, tongue coming out to lave at her knuckles. “I’ve missed having you in my bed, y’know. Last night, especially. Can’t wait to take you back to my quarters tonight.” He leans in and kisses her again, this time tilting her chin and deepening it. She lets him, melting into his touch.

It’s then that her bladder, which she’d forgotten in her excitement, reminds her how full it is. She’s struck with a sudden, nearly uncontrollable wave of desperation. She pulls away from Cassian abruptly, moaning softly with need. Cassian chuckles at first, but then he must see her pained grimace.

“What’s wrong?”

She can’t answer him right away. She’s too busy struggling to breathe through the wave. If she were alone she would put the bottle to her opening this second, she’d probably be able to go, but Cassian’s here. A moment later the worst of it passes. It’s ok. She’s fine. “It’s nothing. Sorry. My ankle’s just bugging me a little bit.”

It’s a shitty excuse, but he seems to buy it. For now. She doesn’t have much time. Now that she remembers how full she is, right to the brim, she doesn’t know how long she’ll be able to hold it in. How ironic: before she was struggling to pee, now she’s fighting not to.

“Anything I can do to help?”

“No.”

He sits down beside her again. Jyn tries to think of something to say to make him leave without hurting his feelings but she’s having a hard time even thinking straight enough to maintain the current conversation with him.

It must only be a few minutes but it feels like forever before there’s a pause in the conversation. “How long did they say your tests were going to take, anyway?” Cassian asks her. She was afraid he might.

“Uh, I don’t know. Probably not for a while, I don’t know.” She swears she can feel the water she sipped before hitting her bladder as she speaks, even if that’s unrealistic. Her bladder feels stretched out and she’s struggling to keep the tension out of her expression.

“Do you want me to ask a nurse, or something? I don’t think they’re too busy today, we could see if you can get out of here any sooner?”

“N - no, it’s ok, I wouldn’t want to bother anyone.”

"No offense, Jyn, I love you, but when have you ever worried about bothering anyone? I’ll just make sure they haven’t forgotten you.”

Shit, she’s gonna have to tell him, isn’t she? “They haven’t. They’re, uh, they’re waiting for - for me. For the drug tests, I, uh…”

"Oh. Ok, I see. That’s what this is about?” He gestures to the collection vessel. She was hoping he hadn’t noticed that, but of course he did. He’s a fucking spy. She nods, wincing. “Yeah, those suck, sorry. Do you want some water? Here.” He picks up the glass from the table and hands it to her before she has time to refuse.

He lets go of it before she’s holding it properly and some of the water spills down her shirt.

Right as she’s hit by another wave of desperation.

A lot happens at once, then. Cassian apologizes through a laugh. Jyn whimpers at the feeling of the water on her skin. And worst of all…

Her bladder screams and she suddenly feels her panties get damp. She’s fucking leaking! She squeezes her thighs together and fights it back. She CANNOT wet the bed, not in front of Cassian. She wants to reach for the bottle but she can’t do that with him here either. Is she going to have to tell him this, too? She can’t. She won’t. It’s a struggle, but she fights the urge.

“Jyn. What’s wrong? And don’t tell me it’s your ankle, that won’t work twice.”

"Nothing, Cass. I - I’m fine,” she protests weakly, trying not to whimper.

“Don’t lie to me. You can tell me, Jyn, it’s ok.”

She shakes her head, feeling childish. If he’s determined enough he’ll get the truth from her eventually but she’s in denial about it. “I’m fine.”

"No you’re not.” He comes closer to the bed and leans in close. “Tell me the truth, Jyn. Maybe there’s something I can do to help.”

She doesn’t answer him. He stays close, waiting her out. He knows she’ll crack. What he doesn’t know yet is just how much added pressure there already is. Her full bladder is a timebomb, even if it is on a frustratingly long fuse. Eventually she mumbles an answer down at her chest. “Ijustkindaneedtopee.”

“What was that?” He prompts. She doesn’t want to say it again. “Try again.”

“I need to pee,” she finally confesses, tears rising behind her eyes from the combination of pressure in her bladder and embarrassment. “I really need to pee and I can’t.”

"What do you mean can’t? Is something wrong, have you talked to one of the doctors?” He looks so worried and she feels so stupid and useless. “You should have told me. Or, wait, do you just need me to leave?”

She should just say yes. She knows that. Ask him to leave and try again. Maybe this time it will happen, she’s so desperate it has to. Right? But she doesn’t, because as she opens her mouth to say it one of the doctors starts talking loudly in the nurse’s station. She can hear him perfectly, so he’d be able to hear her.

“It's that there’s so -so many people around, and I keep being afraid someone’s going to - to walk in on me, and I just can’t go.” Her ears are burning. The infamous Sergeant Jyn Erso, defeated by a full bladder because she can't fucking piss because someone might hear her.

“Ah. Well… I could pull the superior officer card, if you wanted. If I tell them I need to talk to you in private about something classified that should keep them away for a little while. I’d have to stay in the room, but do you think that might be worth a try?”

It seems doubtful, but she should probably try. “Ok.”

Cassian slips out like the shadow he is. She hears him saying something to the nurses in that commanding-officer voice that can drive her crazy under the right circumstances, not that she can enjoy it in the current one. Whatever excuse he gives, probably claiming it’s classified, it works and she hears the nurses clearing out.

He’s silent when he comes back into the room. She feels so awkward. He stays in the corner, back turned to her to give her some privacy. Jyn grabs the bottle and pulls her pants down under the covers to position it. Ok. This time, for sure.

She just needs to relax. She just needs to try. She starts to let go, feels it coming. She’s hyper aware of her breathing in the small space. Even worse, she’s painfully aware of Cassian’s. She has to try to go, she can do it, but… No. No, she can’t do this, she can’t piss with Cassian in the room. She presses a hand to her crotch and tenses voluntarily, this time. Admittedly, she’s barely tried, but even if she can, she won’t. She’ll wait until he leaves, she can make it that long. Right?

Right?

No, she needs to pee. She has to. She tries again but she still can’t relax. She’s whimpering softly, the liquid inside her screaming to get out even as her subconscious continues to deny her relief. Her bladder can’t actually explode, right? That’s a myth, it doesn’t happen. She’ll be fine.

Ears burning, she puts the bottle back and squeezes her pelvic muscles, keeping herself together. “I guess not. Thank you, anyway.” She hopes he’ll leave now.

Instead Cassian comes back to her bedside, frowning. He looks like he’s thinking hard. “I wonder about what those drug test results will be. It’s not usually like this for you, is it?”

“Not usually, no.”

“I didn’t think so. I mean, you’ve peed near me lots of times before, right? I wonder if maybe this is the after-effects of that drug yesterday, if maybe that’s what’s making you so nervous.”

She hadn’t considered it, but now that she does it makes perfect sense. She and Cassian once spent fifteen hours in a cell with a glass wall and nowhere to piss but a grate in the middle of the floor and she had no problem with that. This should be nothing. It’s comforting to realize this might not be her fault (ok, not all her fault. This last time might be her fault, since she was kind of actively holding it in for a minute there, but that was for the sake of her dignity). “That might make sense.”

“Are you sure you don’t want to talk to a doctor? They could get you a muscle relaxant or something, to help.”

“No, I... I just need a little time. It’s really not that bad...” She can’t stop herself from fidgeting, though, and it draws Cassian attention.

“You really need to go,” he says. “Clearly. You’re in pain, aren’t you?”

She shrugs, and he responds by reaching down and pulling the covers off her lap. He looks pointedly down like something’s proven his point, and when she follows his gaze she knows what it is. Her bladder forms a visible bulge between her hips. It’s stretched to the limit, past the limit. She knew that. She was trying to ignore it.

Cassian gives her a pointed look, then puts a hand to her lower abdomen but he wouldn’t dare -

He presses down. It’s gentle, very gentle, but it’s unbearable. There’s no give at all, her bladder rock hard, and she sobs as another leak escapes her, the added pressure blacking out the edges of her vision. She has to go so bad but she will not do it in front of Cassian. She won’t. She can’t.

He doesn’t torture her anymore than that, thank the maker. He’s made his point. “It is that bad. This isn’t ok, Jyn, I don’t want you to hurt yourself.”

“I can't - I can’t help it.” She’s well on her way to properly crying and she hates herself for it. “It hurts but I can’t do it.”

He seems to consider her for a moment. “Do you think… would you let me help?”

Don’t think there’s much you could do.”

“I might be able to. May I at least try?”

“No.”

"Jyn. I really don’t mind, I want to help you. Come on.”

“What are you thinking?”

He sits down on the edge of her bed. “Do you trust me?” She nods automatically, because trusting Cassian has been second nature since somewhere between the hangar in Yavin IV and the Scarif citadel, but she doesn’t like the sound of that. “Good. Come here.”

NOPE, no, there is no way she’s getting closer to him when she might burst at any moment, no way.

“Come on, I’m not asking again. Come here.” He tugs her toward him, and she’s too focused on keeping herself under control to resist. The sudden movement does not do her any favors and it’s only by clenching her muscles even harder that she manages to avoid another leak.

“Cassian!” She protests, as he’s pulling her into his lap and then working her panties down her legs. Whatever he thinks he’s doing, this is such a bad idea.

“I know, just give it a shot. No one’s coming in. Spread your legs.”

“No!”

“Jyn. Legs. Spread.”

Face burning, she allows her legs to fall slightly apart and he hooks them around his to force them wider. “That’s right. Now lean back against me.”

There seems to be no point in protesting, but she’s really struggling now. Her thighs are spread too far apart, without even the protection of her underwear. It already feels harder to hold it but she will NOT lose control in his lap. “Cassian…”

“Shh.” He hands her the bottle. “Position that. You can do this.”

“I really can’t!” She fits the opening over her pussy anyway. Her best option now is to wait it out - hold on until he decides this won’t work and leaves, and then hope she’ll somehow be able to piss as soon as he leaves.

“Yes, you can. I’m going to pull your shirt up now, ok?”

Now he wants permission. Not that he really needs it. She knows that if she were to really protest, put up a fight, he’d back off immediately. And if nothing else, he’s respect her safeword. “Whatever.”

“Good. Relax, Jyn. Relax everything.” Why does everyone seem to think that’s so easy? Even if she thought she could relax she wouldn’t, not like this. He’ll give up and leave soon. She only has to hold out a little while longer.

Even as she’s thinking that, it becomes clear just how well Cassian knows what he’s doing. He rubs a hand gently over her abdomen, amplifying the pressure. Then, holding her leg still with one hand, with the other he finds where her swollen bladder bulges betwen her hips and with two fingers, gently, he starts tapping.

The touch is rhythmic and so light she shouldn’t even notice it, but - fuck! Almost immediately her urge increases to impossible levels and she’s suddenly much less confident in her ability to hold it in. She gasps, eyes screwing shut as she tightens her pelvic muscles. She feels like she’s about to explode but no. She will not pee, she will not pee, she will not pee...

"It’s ok. You just have to relax. I promise I don’t mind.” Cassian coaxes near her ear, not letting up despite how she tries to escape the touch.

Oh, fuck, he’s good. No matter how hard she tries to stop it she can feel her exhausted muscles starting to loosen without her consent. She needs to go so fucking bad...

...And why shouldn’t she? Cassian’s made it clear it’s what he wants. She’s running low on options, she should just... No. No, nonono. She will not pee. “Stop,” she sobs, turning her face into the crook of his neck.

“Shh, I know. I know, it’s ok. Just relax,”

“I can’t.”

“You can. I know it’s hard, but you have to let it happen.”

She’s beginning to realize, with some level of panic, that it may no longer be her choice very soon. The logical part of her mind knows that. And even that it’s a good thing. She needs the release so, so badly. But still, the drug-induced tension remains “No…” She whines, squirming, caught between her opposing instincts.

“Jyn.” He keeps tapping at her rock hard, bursting bladder. “You have to let go.”

Let go. She has to let go. She squirms and whimpers, helpless. Then she forces herself to suck in a full breath, fighting what has to be the residual effects of her drugs to start to slow her heartbeat to try and relax her exhausted pelvic muscles. Relax. The tapping is helping a lot, but it’s not enough yet. She’s still so tense, this isn’t going to -

“Fuck!” Untensing so quickly went a long way. She’s not ready for the sudden intense wave as she comes closer and closer to being able to release. It’s overwhelming. But finally something’s happening. She can feel it coming. She resists every instinct to fight it back. Let go. Let it out.

Suddenly she spurts, two seconds of piss hitting the bottom of the bottle with a splattering sound. She stops herself before she has time to register it. No! Idiotic, self-sabotaging body... Her bladder protests, begging for more relief. She can’t help but whimper.

“It’s ok,” Cassian soothes. “You’re getting there. Don’t fight it.”

She’s nearly crying but she forces her heartbeat slower again. It’s a bit easier this time. Maybe there is something to be said for breaking the seal or whatever it is people say. Relax. Let go. It feels like forever and a couple seconds at the same time and then… it happens.

The stream starts slowly but it speeds up to a torrent fast, a little like turning a faucet on. For one, long moment, she can feel nothing but mortification. It’s so loud and she’s peeing in Cassian’s lap that’s so - but then…

Relief.

“Good,” Cassian mumbles in her ear. “That’s a good girl.” She whimpers, turning to hide her face in his neck as the pent-up liquid gushes out of her into the bottle, making her head spin. Fucking finally, it feels so good to finally let it out, how did she even hold so much for so long? She goes, and goes, finally, a hissing sound she can hardly hear over the blood rushing in her ear. The bottle warms in her hand as she fills it. She’s doing it, she’s finally peeing, and the sensation is incredible. It feels amazing.

No matter how hard it was to start, she thinks now that she couldn’t stop if she wanted to. Her brain glitches before she realizes how big of an issue that might be. Sure enough she looks down and sees the bottle filling crazy fast. It’s nearly full already. Shit. She fights, trying to tamp down the stream, and whines. She can’t do it, she can’t do it but she has to, but there’s still so much, she’s still so full...

She manages to slow the stream to a dribble just before the receptacle is completely full, whimpering What is she going to do? She can’t hold it in any longer, her exhausted bladder still screaming even after the pee she’s let out, the taste of relief making it feel almost worse. She needs to keep peeing. Is there a toilet anywhere nearby? Could she get to it without soaking herself? She's ready to cry again.

“Hey, it’s ok,” Cassian says in answer to her distressed sounds, “I think there should be…” he leans and reaches down. It forces Jyn to lean forward with him, compressing her bladder and making her nearly cry out, hand flying to her crotch to stop herself from spurting. What is he doing, why… “There, I thought so. It’s ok.”

He pulls a bucket out from under the bed. How did he know… she’s not going to question it. She just barely has the presence of mind to twist the cap onto the full collection vessel while he holds the bucket up between her legs.

She couldn’t have held it in a second longer if she tried, and the moment it’s in place pee is gushing out of Jyn again. She moans helplessly as the pressure begins to ease and she’s able to empty herself without restraint.

“There, that’s it…” Cassian praises.

She keeps peeing on and on. It’s a long time before her stream begins to slow, and even then it doesn’t stop. Then there are a few false stops, the stream pausing for a second before she whimpers and releases a little more, a little more.

“Is that all of it?” Cassian asks after a longer pause, and Jyn groans. “No…” Her eyes screw shut and she focuses on the little bit of liquid left inside her, relaxing totally to let a trickle out for another few seconds.

After another long pause he ventures, “All done?”

“Yeah…” Jyn sighs. She’s limp in his lap. Her poor, overworked bladder is finally empty. It feels almost euphoric. She wants to be embarrassed, but she just can’t find it in herself. “Thank you,” she whimpers.

“Of course. You really needed to go! I can’t believe you were holding all that.”

Neither can Jyn. Along with the capped urinal, the bucket from under the bed is over half full. She’s certain she’s never peed anything close to that amount in her life.

Jyn shimmies her panties back up and turns slightly in his arms, enjoying the light feeling in her abdomen. “I’m sorry for being so cranky.”

“That’s alright, I’m sure I would have been too. You were holding a lake in there!” Cassian kisses her temple and wraps his arms around her. She lets herself be comforted by it.

A few minutes pass and Cassian shifts under her and moves her out of his lap apologetically. “I have to get going pretty soon. But um…”

“Yes?”

“I have to go out on patrol right from here and um… I kinda really have to piss now, too. Would you mind if I used the bucket?”

She wants to blush at the idea, which is stupid after she literally just peed in his lap, but whatever. She’ll examine that later. She watches him shift his hips subtly. Nowhere remotely close to how desperate she was, of course, but he clearly does need to go, poor man. “Of course, be my guest.”

Cassian drags the bucket between his legs and pulls out his dick. Probably she should give him privacy but she can’t bring herself to look away. Not examining that.

His eyebrows furrow as he aims, and starts to pee. He goes for a good long while, stream steady and forceful, giving a soft groan as his bladder empties. It sounds almost like the noise he makes when he’s getting hard, which is… interesting. The bucket is filled nearly to the brim before he’s done, and when he’s finished he sighs with relief.

Jyn smiles at him, teasing. “Feel better?”

“Much better, thank you.” He tucks his dick back into his pants and leans over to give her a nice kiss. “I have to go now. I’ll see you tonight, ok? Maybe you can sit in my lap for something more fun.” He winks.

“That sounds great.” She’s definitely looking forward to being in his bed instead of this one. “Thank you again for helping me out.”

“Anytime. I’ll send the nurse in on my way out?”

(The nurse comes back moments after Cassian leaves. Jyn hands her the full bottle, very glad the twi’lek is on the opposite side of the bed from where Cassian was. She'd rather not talk about the flood she's just released.

“Perfect! Do you have any concerns? Are you feeling ok?”

“Fine. I can leave now?”

“I think you should be good to go as long as you’re feeling ok. We’ll send you your test results this evening, and you'll know by tonight if you’ll need to come back.”

Jyn nods, but she's already determined she's not coming back either way. She leaves before she can change her mind.)

*004*2023-11-18 04:34

{{5 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Cool story, will you write a story about two sith in a sadomasochistic relationship and the submissive one pees when she is happy?

}}

Thank you, I'm glad you liked it! And that sounds like an interesting idea, but unfortunately I'm not taking prompts right now.

*006*2023-11-20 19:51

{{On 11/17/2023 at 8:35 PM, warham1995 said:

Oh okay sorry about that, but would you still consider it if you do start taking prompts please?

}}

Honestly, probably not. Force-users in general and sith specifically are not especially interesting elements of Star Wars to me, and while I'm not particularly opposed to the prompt itself, it's not really the kind of omo I enjoy writing, sorry!

*008*2023-11-21 06:28

{{10 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Ok, what is an interesting element of star wars to you?

}}

I'd say I'm most interested in stuff from the rebellion era (like 10 BBY-10 ABY). Rogue One is my all-time favourite and the main thing I write about, but I'm also into Rebels and of course the OT.

*010*2023-11-22 02:04

{{18 hours ago, warham1995 said:

What about the Lucas star wars prequels, what is your opinion on that terrible trilogy of movies, also will we get to read more of your stories?

}}

I do definitely plan to post more in future once I have some free time to write! Probably more Jyn omo, or possibly Cassian. I have mixed feelings about the Lucas prequels, to be honest. I don't particularly like them nor do I think they're very good, but I do think they have more value than a lot of people give them credit for.

*012*2023-11-28 03:18

{{13 hours ago, sexappeal said:

Wonderful story. Is it autobiographical? I hope so. I would have helped you, too. Do you think my tongue would have worked in reaching your scope?

}}

I'm glad you liked the story! But while I'm sure you didn't mean to offend, it is very weird and uncalled for to comment on my fanfiction with sexual comments about me entirely unprompted. Please don't do it again.

