The Desperate Bladder Study

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2022-06-16 12:55

This story was inspired by the thread about who goes to the bathroom more often or who can hold longer, men or women (https://www.omorashi.org/topic/78082-who-can-hold-their-pee-longer-males-or-females/)

. This is a topic that comes up on all these boards like that pretty often but in the latest iteration of this question somebody brought up an interesting study that showed that it seemed men had a significant advantage of going to the bathroom, as women were indicating their first urge to go to the bathroom about 25% sooner than the men when all other factors were taken into consideration. All of that made me think frustratingly once again that the evidence seems to suggest that men can hold it longer and that women have to go more but paradoxically have to wait longer. And I thought that a study like that would have been interesting to see conducted, and I thought hey, that would make the perfect desperation story, and here we go!

Also available in my blog https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/10062.html

***

Chris and Jill arrived at the study center where they would be conducting research on the differences between men and women in regards to bladder capacity and desperation.

"Greetings everybody who has come here for the study today," Phil the instructor said. "This study is going to determine if there is a significant difference between men and women in regards to bladder urgency, need to urinate and overall bladder capacity. As instructed we asked you all to drink nothing for four hours before this study and to go to the bathroom right before the study began so that we know that you are all having the same intake of liquid at the same rate. This study will last several hours where we observe how long it takes you to first feel the urge to urinate and how fast the urgency grows. Now everybody take out your sports drinks and begin drinking them down now."

Everybody opened their sports drinks and began drinking until they had finished.

"Good, now this study will be simple as all you have to do is wait until you feel the urge to go to the bathroom and record how rapidly that urge increases," Phil said.

"Well this is going to be an easy $75," Chris said as he finished drinking his sports drink.

"I can't believe that they actually made a study that is conducted to see how fast people need to urinate," Jill said.

"I know, because it is so obvious that men can hold it longer," Chris said with a smile.

"Wait a minute, women are always stuck holding it all the time," Jill said shaking her head.

"Of course, because women always have to go to the bathroom, you go to the bathroom more than anyone I have seen."

"Sure when one is available, but often women have to wait a really long time before a bathroom becomes available, where that is almost never the case for guys."

"Well this study isn't about who can hold the longest necessarily, it's who has to go the quickest and how fast the urge builds up."

"Well anyway I'm sure it will be a really easy study, I mean all we have to do is sit here and wait until we need to go to the bathroom."

As the study began nobody had to go to the bathroom at first, since everybody had abstained from liquids for several hours before the study and went to the bathroom right before the study began to make sure that everybody was starting at the same point.

There wasn't all that much to do aside from look at magazines and chat amongst themselves. There were at least 20 men and 20 women involved in the study and the recreational room didn't really have all that much to keep them distracted.

"It looks like they tried to eliminate all kinds of stimulation so that they wouldn't influence the study," Jill said looking around at how empty and boring the room was.

"Why, do you think that they put all sorts of images of the ocean that that would somehow influence the study," Chris said with a laugh.

"Ha ha very funny," Jill said rolling her eyes. "But I do think that partially desperation is psychological really. It takes a lot of concentration to be able to hold it in and to ignore a full bladder."

"Yeah but the whole idea of the study isn't to ignore a full bladder, it's to report on when the bladder starts feeling full, which shouldn't be for a while now."

"Remember everybody, as soon as you realize that you have an urge to urinate I want you to record it in your logbook," Phil said.

As the study continued and reached the point of about an hour that was when Jill started noticing several of the women began making recordings in their logbooks, and that's when Jill started recording her own need to urinate as well. She looked across from her at Chris and she could see that Chris hadn't written anything in his logbook yet. In fact as she looked at the men it didn't seem like many of them had recorded a need to urinate yet.

Jill started to wonder how badly the other men and women in the study had to go to the bathroom, as nobody looked like they were frantic yet. But then it was only an hour into the study, so most people were just starting to first feel the urge.

Jill could see that Chris was looking at her as she wrote down and recorded her need to urinate in her log, and he seemed to be smirking as if he expected it. She was wondering why he was smirking so much, and it was probably that he was getting cocky and thinking that it was predictable that she already recorded something in her log.

"Already wrote something down huh," Chris said smiling.

"Just recording the first urge, don't get excited, first urge doesn't mean I'm about to explode or anything," Jill said rolling her eyes. "Although I noticed you didn't write anything in your logbook yet."

"Well of course not, there's nothing to record, I have a good bladder," Chris laughed.

Jill had to admit she was getting rather frustrated that none of the guys seemed to have written anything in their logbooks yet. Another 15 minutes passed before any of the guys started recording anything in their logbook and then only a few of them. Over the next 15 minutes after that however several of the guys began recording in their books about an urge to urinate, even Chris did, but he seemed like he was trying to do it clandestinely so she wouldn't see, but Jill saw him recording it nonetheless.

"Finally wrote something down did you," Jill said smirking.

"Just recording my first urge, not desperate, nothing exciting yet, don't get excited, it doesn't mean I'm about to explode or anything," Chris said mimicking Jill from earlier in a way that made her think that he was mocking her.

Over the next 15 minutes Jill noticed that most of the other women started recording more in their logbooks including her indicating that the urge had moved up a level.

"Well I suspect by now everybody has already recorded their first urge to urinate," Phil said. "But we have a long way to go until the study is finished, so everybody hold on." Phil smiled and seemed to be enjoying himself. "Now it is time for us to drink our next round of fluid."

"More fluid," Jill said and she could see that several of the other women in the audience were looking nervous and uncomfortable at the prospect.

"What's the matter Jill, feeling a major urge already," Chris said as everyone began drinking the next round of liquids.

"I just thought that we would only be drinking liquid once at the beginning of the study," Jill said shaking her head as she drank her drink.

"We wanted to conduct a study where people would be drinking regularly and continuously at staged intervals," Phil said. "Our last study we only used one drink at the beginning but we felt that the study would yield better data if people drank regularly throughout it, all at the same rate of course."

"Hey Phil what did the previous study indicate," Chris said suddenly interested as everybody's ears started perking up.

"Actually it was very interesting in that we found that when you account for size and weight and height and age and all the other factors that it seemed like men had a significant advantage in terms of holding it, where it took less liquid to make the women need to go to the bathroom sooner than the men did," Phil said.

"That's interesting isn't it Jill," Chris said once again smirking in an evil and sinister way.

Jill rolled her eyes and stuck out her tongue, but as she looked at several of the people in the study she could see that the men all looked like they were sitting comfortably, but as she looked at the faces of the women she could see that a lot of them were looking impatient.

Jill didn't want to let Chris get to her but she couldn't help but feel annoyed, as it seemed like the study was demanding more of the women than it was of the men.

"Hey you can't argue with biological facts," Chris said. "Women always seem like they need to go to the bathroom, and I think that the data basically supports that."

Jill simply rolled her eyes as she didn't want to make it seem like she was getting agitated, however as they approached the two hour mark Jill was noticing that several of the women looked as though they were subtly crossing their legs, and all of them seemed to be writing down things pretty quickly in their logbooks. Jill had to admit she was doing the same, and every time that Chris looked up at her and saw her recording something in her logbook she tried to cease making eye contact with him, but she could tell that he seemed to be enjoying it.

As they approached the 2 1/2 hour mark some of the men started writing in their books a little bit more frequently, but she could see that there was a noticeable contrast in that the women seemed to be writing things down at an almost frantic pace. Jill figured it was because they were feeling frantic for another reason.

"Excuse me, but how much longer is this study going to last," a woman said as she raised her hand.

Phil looked at his watch and shook his head. "Well the other study lasted about four hours, so I guess that's how long we will go with this one."

"Four hours," the woman said as she slumped down in her seat and Jill could see that several of the other women were moaning, but she could see that across the room the men seemed to be smiling and smirking at the women's predicament.

"It looks like some women can't hold their liquids," one of the men across the room said as several of the men laughed along with him as the women simply rolled their eyes and looked annoyed.

By the time they reached hour three Jill could see that the majority of the women were writing things in their logbooks rather rapidly, and a few of them were shaking their legs, but almost all of them were sitting with their legs crossed.

"Excuse me but how much longer is this study going to go, I'm starting to feel really frantic right now," another woman said as she stood up with her legs pressed tightly together.

Phil looked at his watch. "Don't worry, the study will be over in just another hour. Remember if you want to get paid you have to complete the study."

"Easiest $75 ever made isn't it Jill," Chris said as he began laughing. He had not written in his logbook in a little while, and Jill was wondering if he was being honest in the study or whether he was trying to save face.

At any rate Jill could not deny that at this point she was very clearly desperate. She was crossing her legs tightly and couldn't think about anything other than the fact that she had to go to the bathroom. She felt that women should band together in solidarity, but as she looked at the other women she could see that it didn't look like there was much solidarity among them, most of them were looking pretty annoyed and agitated and constantly looking at their watches.

"Phil I really need the bathroom now," one of the women said standing up with her legs tightly crossed and bending at the knees. "If I don't I'm going to piss myself."

"Only another 40 minutes to go," Phil said. "Looking at this crowd I feel like I am getting déjà vu of the previous study. In the previous study all of the other women were desperate to see the study over, so it looks like this study is confirming that you ladies seem to feel more urgent despite the fact that everybody drank the same amount of liquid. Isn't science interesting?"

Several of the women began getting up and pacing around, and a couple began leaning against the walls. Most of the women looked like they were just looking at magazines, but their legs were shaking frantically in a very obvious way. Jill tried not to think about how badly she had to go to the bathroom but it was kind of hard to concentrate when she could see that all of the women were squirming around.

One of the women was rapidly crossing and uncrossing her legs, and she seemed as though she was putting the magazine in her lap like she was trying to cover herself up, like she were about to piss herself or something.

On the side of the room where all of the women were gathered together it was basically just a constant display of legs shuffling and looking at watches. Every few minutes the women would record something in their logbooks. By now couple of the men looked like they were starting to keep up the pace with the women, but it was undeniable that the women seemed to be making entries in their logbooks much more rapidly than the men were.

"Wow look at all those pencils going a hundred miles a second," Chris said laughing as he looked at the women filling out their logbooks.

"Why aren't you filling out your logbook as rapidly?" Jill said.

"Because the study is confirming what the last one did, guys are just better at holding it, and we don't have to go as much as you ladies do, you ladies just can't seem to hold it for the life of you, and this study is just backing that up, backing up what everyone has always known to be true," Chris said.

"Believe me we are holding on for dear life," Jill said as she squirmed in her seat. "I'm sure that by now you have to go pretty badly."

Chris nodded. "I'm not going to deny it, I really do have to go to the bathroom pretty bad, but I don't feel like am about to wet myself or to the point where I can't seem to sit still. On the other side of the divide you ladies look like you're about to pop like balloons!"

"Okay everybody, we only have 15 minutes to go, and then I guess you can, well go," Phil said as all of the guys laughed but the women just sat there looking sad in the face and rolling their eyes.

The last 15 minutes were harrowing. While the guys only occasionally wrote something down in their logbooks the women's pencils were pretty much going nonstop, and one woman clearly broke her pencil as she gritted her teeth.

"Okay ladies and gentlemen, please hand in your logbooks now, and then I suppose you're free to go," Phil said as all of the women breathed a collective sigh of relief.

The women were practically falling over each other as they all stood up throwing down their pencils and haphazardly throwing their logbooks down on Phil's desk as all of the men and women piled out of the study room.

Everyone started charging down the hallways looking for the bathroom. Soon a very large line formed outside of the ladies room as all of the men piled into the men's room at once.

As they could hear the loud noise of flushing from the men's room, the ladies room line was quite stagnant. Finally as several of the men started piling out of the men's room all at once one woman came out of the ladies room shaking her head.

"The toilet's broken, it won't flush," the woman said coming out.

"I guess I will have to put this out of order," the janitor said as he put an out of order sign on the ladies room and all of the women began making exasperated groaning noises. Even more exasperating was he had a bucket full of water and he seemed to be dipping his mop in it as all of the women started cringing.

"Well ladies it's too bad you turned in your logbooks already because I feel like you would be scribbling away right now," Chris said coming out of the empty men's room.

"Come on everybody," Jill said waving the women forward as they went back into the study room as the guys followed behind wondering what was going on.

"Hey ladies, did you forget something," Phil said as the group of irate women gathered around his desk.

"Yeah, at the end of the study there was a place for additional comments to leave at the end of the study and I think that we all rushed out without completing it because we couldn't wait a single second longer to get to the damn bathroom," Jill said as Phil handed her a pencil and she began writing by pressing down on the desk with her legs tightly crossed and bending at the knees before handing it back to Phil. "I think that that comment basically sums up the way we all feel about the study."

Phil began looking at it and reading. "Although the study seems to suggest that empirically speaking men have an advantage when it comes to holding it, this study also fails to take into account that due to a lack of adequate working female restrooms the men ended the study at least an hour before the women because they did not factor in the bus ride home."

Phil simply smirked as all of the women began laughing and high-fiving Jill. It was a good moment of victory, and Jill would have to savor that snarky comment as much as possible to distract her for the next hour on what would certainly prove to be a very long bus ride home.

*004*2022-06-17 11:44

I was thinking about continuing the story with the ride home on the bus and everything, but then I figured I already have so many stories like that, including a full-length novella, and I didn't really want to be repetitive if there was nothing new I could add to it. I'm sure that I will have future stories that involve people desperate on a bus but unless I can do something new to it or make it an important part of the story I feel like including that again would just be kind of redundant. The study however was a new and unique situation for desperation that I haven't done before, and I think it works well with you just seeing the character at the end knowing that they are not going to get relief after all that.

