The Line by the Fountains

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2024-12-03 06:23

I guess you are in luck because after a long fetish drought now I am on a fetish binge once again and I can't think about anything else pretty much so I guess I will be updating my blog pretty often until then although I think maybe I will try turning my experience in the park back in July into a novella because just describing it it was like 12,000 words and if I turn it into an actual narrative I think that I could definitely get it to novella length. But tomorrow I think maybe I will try to write this story about my experience at the national air and space Museum. Somebody reminded me of a experience I had from like over 25 years ago and I can't believe that I don't think I ever posted about it before. So anyway enjoy this story about a bunch of women waiting in line in front of a loud trickling fountain that is driving them out of their minds, which I managed to illustrate rather richly once again!

The Line by the Fountains

"Well ladies and gentlemen, we are finally here after our long journey," the bus driver Phil said as the bus pulled up to their destination. "And I'm sorry again that we got stuck in traffic so long and that we weren't able to stop at the rest stop and were only able to stop briefly so that the men could pee in the field, but I want you to all proceed in an orderly manner out of the bus and then get in line for admission."

The second the bus stopped every single woman started bolting up from their seats and pushing their way towards the front of the bus.

"Oh my God hurry up!" Linda shouted as all of the women began yelling over each other and pushing their way to the front of the bus, as all of the men just sort of rolled their eyes and wondering what had gotten into them.

"I can't believe we haven't been to a bathroom in five freaking hours, I'm about to die," Barbara said pushing her way towards the front of the bus as Phil just sat there in the front of the bus shaking his head wondering what had gotten into all of these women.

"Oh dear Lord, where are the bathrooms," said Marybeth.

"I can barely stand still," Erica said as they made their way off of the bus and started looking around. "Yeah where the hell are the damn bathrooms?"

All of the women began looking around frantically as they saw that the line to enter the building was rather long and it was snaking down right to the parking lot practically.

"Now ladies everyone has to line up in an orderly manner, and I am sure that we will all get into the building rather quickly but it's a little bit crowded inside, so I think that everyone should just stay really calm," Phil said as all of the women began getting in line which was snaking down the block.

The women all stood there for a moment until they noticed the distinctive sound of running water and that was when they turned around to realize that the long line that was snaking down the block in front of the building was right next to what looked like a display of fountains that was stretching rather far.

"Oh dear Lord I really don't need to see this right now," Marybeth said as she and the other women started looking at the fountain that they were leaning against as it was splattering water into the air making a loud trickling noise that was impossible to ignore.

"Why is the line to get into this place in front of a huge line of fountains," Erica said.

Linda looked at her brochure. "You know when we came on this trip I guess we forgot about this fact, but then again I guess a fountain didn't really seem like a bad thing when we didn't assume that we are going to be standing in front of it listening to the sound of all of that water rushing around behind us while our bladders were painfully full. Why does just the sound of running liquid make you think of having to urinate?."

"Linda good God please shut up," Barbara said.

"Well ladies at least you are not going to be bored," Phil said as he came up and down the line of women. "It may be a little bit of a wait to get into the building but while you wait here patiently for entrance at least you can check out all of the beautiful fountains surrounding the entrance to this building. Look at all of that, imagine all of the water pressure that it takes to have this running 24/7 365.

"Okay I am going to be doing my breathing exercises now," Erica said. "Just do not think about the sound of the fountain behind you, don't think about the fountain."

All of the women stood there looking directly into the fountain as it was exploding with large amounts of liquid trickling into the pools in the fountain below.

"Oh my God this is not working at all, how can you drown out the sound of so many fountains," Marybeth said as they looked at the long line of men and women in front of them, but pretty much all women. It didn't seem like that many men were interested in seeing this place, but then again they organized a woman's trip only a few men came with them, all of whom seemed to be oblivious as to how badly they had to urinate.

All of the women started humming and trying to drown out the sound of the fountain, but seeing as the fountain was right next to them and they were leaning against the side of the fountain it was impossible not to hear the water making its loud bursting noises around them.

Every so often the women looked up and down the line behind them and in front of them and they were staring straight ahead like they had a thousand yard stare. Normally a fountain would be sort of a welcome thing but not after five hours without a bathroom break when most of them had had coffee at the beginning of the trip.

"You think we can please get out of line so that we can go find a bathroom," Linda finally said as she could take the sound of the fountain no longer.

"Ladies it's important that you all stay with the group and that you stay in line, and don't worry I am sure that they will admit us all very soon," Phil said as the woman continued standing there in line staring and grimacing in a very obvious manner as many of them danced from leg to leg.

"You know I still have my coffee cup," Barbara said holding up her coffee cup which was now empty.

"Yeah you're not going to pee in that coffee cup, I know you well enough to know that that's not going to happen," Erica said as she shifted around in place. "You know if you're not going to use that coffee cup."

"Oh come on, you know you're not going to pee in the coffee cup either," Barbara said as all of the women began arguing with each other before eventually Erica grabbed the coffee cup and looked at it briefly before whimpering and throwing it down to the floor.

"This is like torture, this must go against the Geneva Convention," Erica said as she danced up and down.

As the line slowly inched forward a little by little they were hoping that they would get past these fountain soon enough. They knew that these places were extremely crowded, but it was ridiculous that they had a line snaking down the block in front of a large display of fountains.

"I am sure that whoever designed this place did not take into consideration the fact that a lot of people would be visiting here after a five hour bus ride where they can't even give us a god damn bathroom break," Marybeth said leaning up against the fountain and crossing and uncrossing her legs. "Oh my God I'm going to go completely insane!"

As they saw that the line was moving faster they started breathing sighs of relief but most of them were still dancing in place and looking at the huge line in front of them.

Finally they were getting closer towards the entrance, and now at least they could lean against the wall for a little bit of leverage to take some of the pressure off of their bladders. But there were still fountains behind them, endless fountains everywhere, as they all stood there frowning and trying to stare in the opposite direction of the fountains but that didn't make them any quieter. The loud sound of the fountains gushing behind them was driving them positively mad making it impossible to concentrate on anything else.

A couple of women took out some headphones and put them over their ears trying to listen to music but the women who didn't have anything to drown out the sound just stood there impatiently. The worst thing about standing there in line is that there was really nothing to distract them other than the fountains which was the exact thing that they were trying to distract themselves from.

Finally they got inside the building and that was when they thought that they would finally be getting to a bathroom, but then they were taken to the lobby area where they were able to sit down for a little while unfortunately they were sitting down on a long bench that was in front of another fountain. As soon as all of the women sat down they immediately began crossing their legs and trying their best to get comfortable but when you haven't peed in 5 1/2 hours and you had a coffee before that it was kind of hard to concentrate on anything else.

"Hey let's make a wish," Marybeth said throwing some coins into the fountain.

"What did you wish for?" Erica said tapping her foot impatiently on the ground and shifting around in place.

"A large soda," Marybeth said as some of the women laughed nervously. It'd take the tension off for a moment but right now they didn't want to think about any liquids, and yet all they could see was that fountain gushing in front of them.

"This is just inhuman, when are we going to get to the freaking bathroom," Linda said.

"Okay ladies and gentlemen, what do you want to see first," a woman said coming out and opening the door.

"Where's the freaking bathroom?!" Erica said as she very slowly stood up as all of the other women did likewise and started shouting about the bathroom.

"Well ladies there's a bathroom in the basement level," the tour guide said smiling and pointing in a direction leading to the basement as all of the women went stampeding in that general direction, practically knocking each other over in the process.

As all of the women piled into the bathroom area a long line soon formed in front of the door that said closed for cleaning. As they were standing there in line waiting for the bathroom to open they could see that there was yet another fountain outside of the restrooms.

"Okay seriously this has to be Dante's ninth layer of hell or something like that," Erica said as they stood in front of the door for the next 15 minutes tapping their feet and dancing around.

"When are they going to open the bathroom, I think I'm going to cry," Marybeth said as she leaned against the wall tightly crossing her legs.

Finally a man opened the door to the ladies room and all of the women were about to go charging but he put his hands up. "Sorry ladies, I'm afraid that this bathroom is going to be out of order for the foreseeable future."

"What the hell are you talking about?" Barbara said as she grabbed the man.

"Unfortunately there seems to be a problem with the water system in the bathroom, none of the toilets seem to work, but look on the bright side the water system seems to be working elsewhere, so I mean at least all the fountains still work, gotta be thankful for some things right? If you need to wash your hands at least the sinks still seem to be working for some reason, the toilets seem to be the only thing in the place that aren't working, how about that?"

As all of the women walked into the ladies room and they could see that all of the sinks were running loudly but that all of the bathroom stalls had out of order signs on them.

"Well ladies I suppose that is lucky, at least we can still wash our hands," Erica said sort of shooting them a look and rolling her eyes and pointing towards the sinks.

"Oh yes, that's right, we are going to wash our hands because we certainly don't want to have dirty hands," Linda said as she jumped up and down.

"Yes nobody wants to have dirty hands, certainly not have dirty hands after 5 1/2 or six hours without washing our hands," Barbara said nodding in their direction.

"Oh dear God get out of the ladies room and give us some privacy to wash our freaking hands," Marybeth said as the bathroom attendant left the room and they all started running towards the sinks.

A few minutes later all of the women began walking out of the restroom mostly looking a lot more relaxed.

"I hope you ladies were all able to wash your hands okay in there," the restroom attendant said as he smiled and the women simply smiled and nodded, except for Marybeth who was walking a little bit funny.

"Is everything okay ma'am?" the restroom attendant asked Marybeth who was standing there sort of jogging in place and crossing and uncrossing her legs.

She simply smiled awkwardly. "Let's just say that I'm not going to be washing my hands in there after all of those other ladies have been washing their hands in there, I am pretty desperate to wash my hands but not that desperate."

"Well ladies now that we have all washed our hands what you want to do next?" Erica said with a smile.

"Hey let's go look at the fountains, I think that we will have a much more pleasant experience with them right now," Linda said.

"To the fountains," Barbara said as Marybeth turned around and looked at the bathroom but she continued dancing in place.

"Okay you know what I don't how care how many people have wash their hands before me in those sinks I really really need to wash my hands right now," Marybeth said as she went towards the bathroom but the bathroom attendant held up his hand and shook his head.

"Sorry, I don't think that you want to wash your hands in there, it looks like a couple of crazy women peed in the sinks," the attendant said as he took out his key and locked the bathroom. "But like I said don't worry, the fountains are still working, so enjoy yourself!"

Marybeth looked at the locked bathroom door, she looked at her friends were looking a lot more relaxed and smiling, she looked at the bathroom attendant as he smiled and walked away and then she looked at the fountain in front of the bathroom as she balled her hands into fists and let out a loud and very long scream that she had been holding in for at least six hours, among other things.

I have to admit this story was totally inspired by me playing around with AI to make pictures and everything. I just sort of had this idea for a funny picture of a bunch of women waiting in front of a bunch of fountains in line and looking really desperate to go to the bathroom and then from there I started looking at all the pictures that the AI gave me and thinking this would be for a really good story about women waiting in line and how the sound of running water like that make you more frantic. And I say from personal experience it is definitely true. In fact I remember that at this mall that I used to go to with my friends there was this big fountain, and if you know lines for the bathroom at the mall are just like absolutely terrible, so in addition to that you have this big loud fountain not that far away from the food courts where the bathroom is, so I have been in the situation before.

And then the ending I thought was just really great, where originally I was going to have the women going to the bathroom and wait in line for the toilets but they couldn't stop the sinks from running so that even in the bathroom they couldn't get around the sound of running water, but then I thought it was funnier if it was implied that all of the women were coming to pee in the sink, and then the one woman who decides not to pee in the sink then ends up regretting it, but by then it's too late for her to relieve herself in the sink, so it just sort of ends with her screaming, which I thought was a pretty great way to end it, and I like how the final illustrations came out after I was done writing the story and try to illustrate it even more.

So yeah this is just sort of a simple story about the excruciating tension that something like running water can do to you when you have to go to the bathroom. Again I don't know why simply hearing running water makes you automatically have to urinate more, I guess it's just the body having a response to the sound of trickling sounding like urination, which alerts or reminds your body hey we have to pee here!

&&

&&

