A day at the luna park

Author: desperate87

*000*2022-08-30 15:37

I post a short story that i wrote recently. Hope you like it and please tell me what you think

A DAY AT THE LUNA PARK

"Come on let's go eat and drink something, I'm crazy thirsty" Alex said to his best friend Marco. It was a really hot day and after hours in the blazing sun at the amusement park, he really needed some rest. Alex loved to take a few days off every now and then and going to one of the most beautiful amusement parks in the world was a great way to recover energy.

At the age of 26 he worked as a nurse even up to 10 hours a day and now he really needed some entertainment, and being also a handsome boy with brown hair and a nice sporty body he could not miss one of his days off from work trying all the most reckless rides there were. He cared a lot about his clothing and his appearance, in fact he had beautiful blue eyes and a footballer physique, with an earring and a rocker look, he could have been mistaken for an actor. That day he was dressed in a black led zeppelin shirt and very light long jeans with some writing on them, red boxers and a pair of sneakers that gave him a scruffy boyish look.

"So, two medium beers, two burgers and fries, please," they ordered at the fast food restaurant nearby.

"so .... what rides are we still missing? We have already tried the house of horrors, the roller coaster and the dynamic cinema." Marco asked Alex.

"We have to do those roller coasters where you stand with your legs in the air, the ones we talked about so much. Think that there are 5 loops, I want to try them even if they scare me a little, but you have to do everything in the life no? " Alex answered sipping his beer and eating the chips.

"Right, we have to do them," said Marco, also a 26-year-old black-haired nurse who for that day had put on comfortable light blue jeans similar to Alex's, but a little more ripped. To be comfortable he wore he also wore a pair of gray briefs and sneakers, which gave him a sporty air. He was considered one of the most beautiful nurses in his hospital thanks to his athletic physique which brought him many suitors.

The two boys immediately headed for the carousel, but to their great disappointment they saw that there was a very long queue and a sign indicating three hours to wait for a ride. Nevertheless they did not give up and wanting to try it absolutely began to queue.

"Ugh .... I hate queues, but on the other hand we came here for this merry-go-round and we have the whole day off, we can't miss it" Marco said to his friend

After about half an hour Alex began to feel a certain stimulus and it was at that moment that he realized that since they entered the carnival they had not yet gone to the bathroom. To maintain his health, however, they both knew they had to hydrate, which the two nurses did regularly. The queue was in the shade and luckily they sweat little, but they were still seized by a great thirst that the chips from before had caused them. The urge to pee for now was so low that it was soon forgotten and they saw that a small drink sale had just been set up.

"Ugh, it's hot and thirsty, maybe I shouldn't have put on these long jeans, but never mind. Better get a drink, so we don't feel bad." Alex said walking towards the stand. "2 large beers and 2 bottles of water" said Alex receiving 2 glass bottles of 66 cl. Laughing and joking, the two boys drank the two waters in one gulp and continued along the queue. After 10 minutes they came to a turnstile with it written on. "For your safety, there is no turning back from here, you only go straight ahead. Prohibition to bring alcoholic beverages and glass"

"Ok, this is unexpected," Marco said. "Come on let's have a little aperitif, let's finish the beers and look .... I also have two chocolate bars, let's make it fast though, so we can do something else too." Alex replied quickly drinking the beer. After the two drinks in just 15 minutes, they continued to the iron bar that prevented him from going back and as soon as the nurse was done he felt the urge to piss again, but now he could not go back and had to keep it. The environment changed and became much more beautiful, they had entered a closed place with stellar decor where they walked slowly and in single file.

Half an hour later Alex began to notice a strange look from Marco who was looking around without a real target. They had been arguing for a while, but something was making them more and more anxious. Alex wasn't thirsty anymore, but he was starting to feel a really strong urge to pee, but he knew he could still resist. As time went by, the urge to piss got bigger and bigger and his bladder felt fuller and fuller.

"Wow, I have to go to the bathroom, I think that beer was very diuretic

, we drank a lot, "Alex said

"Really? You too? I've been running away for half an hour, there's no bathroom here, we have to wait to get off the carousel." Marco said

"hm .... well, let's wait, we're 26 we're adults, we're not going to put on a diaper, to be on the safe side I'm going to get two at work?" Alex answered jokingly. The two boys smiled and looked at the long line ahead with still more than an hour to wait with growing anxiety and nervousness. Alex's stimulus was becoming very strong and did not seem to diminish, indeed every second that passed became stronger and stronger.

A quarter of an hour later Alex saw that Marco was starting to move very nervously and could not even talk to him too much that he seemed very irritated. It was obvious to everyone that he had to pee and he didn't even seem to hide it. He thought it was the first time he'd seen him so desperate for a piss, at work they were used to seeing guests ask to go to the bathroom, not them. In the meantime he too had to pee, he was moving in a funny way on the spot and realized how full his bladder was. She couldn't remember the last time he had to piss like that and he started to get seriously worried. He tried to have a serious look, but inside he said to himself:

"Damn my bladder is really full, I have to take an absurd piss. Ah, because I didn't go to the bathroom before, now with all these people I can't even go back. Oh my mom, it escapes me, come on go ahead, I need to piss !!!!!!! " In the meantime he began to notice that he was sweating more and more and that it was really difficult for him to stay still, yet despite this there was something exciting about all of this and he liked to see Marco who clearly had to piss too, but I try to maintain a composed position to as much as this was possible. Although desperate, Alex and Marco managed to hold up, but it was increasingly evident how much they had to piss. The nurse struggled to think of anything else and felt all the piss in her bladder and his penis. The minutes passed and the anxiety grew, a strange silence was created between the two.

Half an hour went by like this seemingly without major problems, but Alex now, he was really desperate and everyone was noticing it. Fortunately he did not care much about the opinion of others, but in his life he had never escaped so much that he pissed and he pointed it out by occasionally bringing his hands between his legs and looking at him more and more worried about him. Marco looked even more desperate than him and kept his arms crossed anxiously waiting for his turn to ride the roller coaster. Alex saw him as he moved his leg nervously and began to breathe heavily. To improve the mood a little Alex asked him "Hey how's it going?"

"Fuck, I have to piss" replied Marco in a voice not so low "because we came now and we took those two beers, I can't take it anymore and we still have to get on the merry-go-round, but fortunately it is close." Alex felt his bladder explode and he could no longer sit still. Suddenly every sound seemed to make him notice how much he had to piss and he began to imagine everyone with wet pants, he wondered how many needed the bathroom at that moment, but he realized that they were surely the ones who needed it most now. He wondered how they could have been so stupid as to drink tato before getting on, but he couldn't think too much about it that immediately his brain reminded him what his main goal was: to hold up to the bathroom. He was trying to really hold her as much as possible, yet the urge was just too strong and he didn't know how long he could still resist.

"Er .. sure you want to go up?" Alex asked him "Sure, we've waited so long, we can't give up now." Marco said. Alex knew how much his friend cared and could not give up now also because between the bathroom and the carousel there were only two more minutes. Yet his right leg began to shake and this worried him a lot. He already was a little afraid to get on the carousel and now he feared for what could happen, he categorically refused even the possibility of not reaching the bathroom in time as a 26-year-old man. He thought about what they could have said about them at work if they had seen them at that moment and a strong embarrassment overtook him. Despite all his efforts to hold him, he felt the tremendous pressure between his legs and he felt like he was about to explode at any moment. He realized he was right on the edge and felt a rising moisture on the tip of his penis.

"Fuck, I'm going to piss in my underwear. Oh no, no no, what do I do soon go ahead, Ah I'd like to make at least a sketch, but then I can't stop her anymore. Oh no, damn it'll come out in a while. AH !! !!! "

Alex felt his pee one step away from the exit and was afraid that feven if his underpants were already a little wet, in the meantime Marco was hopping and by now it seemed obvious to everyone that they had to piss. But the only way to get away from there now was to get on the merry-go-round. Finally the moment to get on the carousel arrived and the two boys passed the last turnstile waiting for the arrival of the carousel. They entered with wide strides and when they stopped they were both hopping. Everyone was smiling at them and could not sit still. "" Marco, I think we will remember this one .... listen ... I .... I really have to piss and .... "Alex stammers, but Marco interrupted him

"Oh ... I have to piss too, but gee we hope it ends immediately, we can't give up now" Marco said as he was getting on the merry-go-round. Alex wanted to leave or say something, but the merry-go-rounds took them and sat them without saying anything.The change of position made him feel even stronger how much he had to piss and the guy who pulled the protectors down smiled as he saw the two desperate boys. The belt pressed really hard on the bladder and Alex felt he was one step away from pissing himself. Marco's face turned completely red and he yelled "Excuse me ..." but the carousel had already started. On the way up the two boys began to feel like strong blows to the belly and felt all their piss pressing hard to get out. Alex crossed her legs as far as he could and realized how serious the situation was. He started screaming:

"Oh no, oh no, Marco I have to piss, I can't take it anymore ... help," said Alex. Meanwhile Marco was writhing and his face was all red, only now he understood how much he really escaped

"Me too ...... my pee escapes ..... ahhhhh ..... damn it came out a bit" replied Marco who let slip what had happened to him. Alex liked it very much, but immediately his height reminded him of his stimulus, and he began the descent followed by the high speed of the roller coaster. Fear, adrenaline and all those movements made it very difficult for him to hold it as he felt weaker and weaker and realized that his bladder was about to explode.

"heck I can't oh no, no, no ..." he shouted, feeling that his pee was managing to win over his will. During the death laps he was afraid he was going to have it on himself, but with strong resistance he managed to delay.

The carousel stopped abruptly and the last blow was lethal for Alex .... This gave him a sharp blow to the bladder that caused him to escape a big squirt in his red boxers. He stopped him, but with terror felt that his bladder was about to explode. He tried to resist with all his strength, but closing his eyes she felt a strong hot jet wet all her underwear, then touch her jeans which changed color and felt hot water running down her legs. Feel his bladder empty and a huge sensation of pleasure all over his body "Oh siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii, what a release, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" he whispered with an ecstatic face. While sitting, the pee was wetting his ass and dripping onto the seat, starting a small stream under him that crashed on the ground at that moment 3 meters from him. He let himself go completely to this incontinence without thinking about where he was, letting the piss run over his penis and legs giving him a momentary sensation of warmth and well-being.

Finished, he opened his eyes and touched himself between the legs. With disbelief he realized that he had just pissed on himself and that he couldn't hide it. He turned to look at Marco and saw him with his hands between his legs with a big patch of pee that was getting bigger and bigger. and went down to the ground. He was pissing himself completely with his mouth open and a trickle of saliva running down him. He could see that he was just fine but when he came back to reality with a surprised face he realized what had happened. He turned to his friend and in a trembling voice said:

"Alex .... I ... I .... I got it under"

"Me too," Alex replied. The carousel returned to the starting point and when they pulled up the seat belts the two nurses showed the stain that had created on their jeans front and back A little general laugh a month embarrassed the 2 nurses who without saying anything left.

The two boys looked at each other like that and laughed "oh yes ... the diaper was needed just this time .... well it happens." They said jokingly. They bought two shorts and went behind a small wall there to change. Fortunately they did not know anyone and so the embarrassment was not so great, but the two boys even if they had never confessed they liked to piss and watch others do it and when Alex saw Marco's gray panties soaked he could not hide an erection. "You know what ....." said Alex "I liked holding it like that and seeing you. And you?" An erection also appeared on Marco's panties which began to move. He couldn't take his eyes off those jeans and he was excited. "I've always had these desires ....... I drink a lot to pee, but I've never had it on me, but now .. I liked it ..." With their respective wet panties, the two boys did they kissed and later the two boys continued to hold her until they burst many more times on many other occasions.

*002*2022-09-01 20:26

I have a lot of fantasies about male nurses

