Desperate at the Singles Bar

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2020-05-06 13:20

I post a lot of fiction in my blog and I thought that I would start posting them here as well so that people here could get better access to them and hopefully comment on them, as here is probably a better place to get feedback than on my blog since most people don't have LiveJournal. But anything I post here you can also see in my blog at https://desperatejill.livejournal.com/

So last night I was chatting with one of my friends on the pool and we brought up a situation that I put for her character in the novel I wrote, where I made her a character. In the novel it ends with my character and her character having a bathroom standoff during a bladder buster in a bar where they are both horribly desperate, and I asked her if she would ever put me in a situation where she kept me out of a bathroom in those circumstances.

What she said was that she would probably only do that if she were mad and doing it out of revenge. The situation she thought of was that if we were like at a bar or something like that and some guy was flirting with me, even though I am a lesbian and wouldn't really enjoy that, she would still be jealous of the fact that I was taking attention away from her, even if I weren't interested in the guy flirting with me. So then I thought about that scenario and how it could possibly play out and the result was this story, which I am pretty happy with and I hope that you enjoy. So without further ado here we go.

Desperate at the Singles Bar

"You do realize that as a lesbian going to a non-gay singles bar probably isn't my idea of the most spectacular night ever," Jill said.

"Yeah but if I go to the bar alone I feel kind of weird, you're like my wing woman so to speak," Leah said. "Besides I will buy you as much as you want to drink."

"I know I just feel awkward because I feel awkward about the idea of guys hitting on me and having to explain that I am a lesbian."

"I know but I just don't want to go to a singles bar by myself. Besides if any guys start hitting on you just say that you have an attractive friend who is 100% heterosexual and would really enjoy their attention being lavished upon her."

"Okay but I just hope this doesn't get too awkward or weird or anything."

"Don't worry I'm sure it won't," Leah said as they walked into the bar and began ordering drinks.

Within a few minutes a bunch of guys started looking over in their general direction. Leah tried to act coy as possible to hopefully draw them over to her.

"Well hello beautiful," a guy said as he walked over to the bar. "My name is Rex and I just saw you attractive ladies over here and I felt like I had to talk to you."

"Rex, that's a pretty nice name," Leah said.

"My neighbor had a dog named Rex once," Jill said as Rex began laughing.

"That's really funny, what are your names?" Rex said with loud obnoxious laughter

"My name is Jill –" Jill began saying before Leah pushed her out of the way.

"Hi I'm Leah, and I think that I am the woman that you have been waiting for all your life," Leah said.

"So Jill you like dogs I take it, I love dogs, if I had a dog I wouldn't name him Rex though because then it would get confusing when people called both of our names and we weren't sure who they were referring to," Rex said.

"Well you could always wear dog tags with the named Rex on it around your neck so that people wouldn't confuse you with your dog," Jill said.

"Oh my God that is so fucking funny!" Rex said as he started pounding his fists down on the table almost causing several drinks to spill. "So what is your favorite breed of dog?"

"Actually I am more of a cat person, I have two cats," Jill said. "But before you get any ideas I should let you know that I am actually a lesbian and I am just here to get a drink with my friend. So you might say that as a lesbian who owns cats I am an extra huge fan of pussy."

"I love that, I used to think women weren't funny, but lesbians are definitely funny," Rex said with a big boisterous laughter.

"Thanks," Jill said as she took a sip of her drink, already feeling extremely awkward about how the night was going. "But why don't you talk to my friend Leah, she is more heterosexually inclined than I am."

Jill couldn't understand what Leah saw in a guy like Rex, but then she was a lesbian so she couldn't understand what Leah would see in any type of man. Although as Jill looked over Rex she had to admit that he had a rather chiseled body and a bulge in his pants that was making her feel even more awkward. Sure to a heterosexual woman he was probably quite attractive, but he seemed to have the intelligence of a bunch of barbells.

"So Rex what type of things do you like," Leah said as she rolled her eyes in a flirtatious manner. Leah couldn't help but notice that Rex was very obviously staring at Jill's cleavage. Why did Jill have to wear such a revealing outfit that highlighted her cleavage like that when she didn't even want to be attracting the attention of lots of men?

"You know I like drinking, women and sports," Rex said.

"I guess that makes you pretty much different and completely unlike any other man on the planet," Jill said rolling her eyes, but trying not to be so obvious about the fact that she found Rex obnoxious and kind of a bonehead.

"Oh my God that is so funny, I always thought that I was a really unique guy but I suppose I am kind of like a lot of guys in some ways," Rex said. "You have a really funny friend here Leah, I'd hang on to her. I mean it's too bad you're not a lesbian because you would definitely have a real catch here."

"So Rex what type of women do you like," Leah said. "Do you like well-educated independent career women?"

"I like women with big breasts," Rex said as he once again was obviously staring at Jill's cleavage, really making her feel uncomfortable and causing her to drink more.

This is going to be a really long night, Jill thought to herself as she realized that she was going to have to get herself pretty inebriated to get through this night without feeling sick.

"Once again, far from the typical guy," Jill said as she raised her mug in a toast before drinking even more.

Rex burst out laughing, hanging on Jill's every word and enjoying every one of her obviously sarcastic jokes. Leah was trying to get his attention but nothing that she did seem to take his attention away from Jill and her rather cleavage highlighting outfit. Leah started drinking more, trying to think how she could get on Rex's good side. She realized that he wasn't exactly up to her intellectual standards, but she wasn't exactly looking to find a husband, she was just looking to find an attractive guy to have a fun time with.

Jill tried her best not to be rude to Rex but she had to admit that every time she heard him talk she felt like drinking even more. She thought that maybe he would be more tolerable if she got completely wasted.

Leah meanwhile noticed very distinctly that Jill was crossing her legs and shaking her legs. Although she was totally heterosexual she always got a thrill out of seeing another woman desperate to go to the bathroom. At least if Rex wasn't giving her any attention she could enjoy seeing Jill squirm a little bit. But at the same time she could see that Rex seemed to be also looking at Jill in a similar manner. Was it possible that he was enjoying the fact that she clearly had to go to the bathroom? Or was it just the fact that when Jill was shaking around like that it kind of made her breasts jiggle? Of course no law said that it couldn't be both.

As Leah continued contemplating what to do and continued watching Jill's legs crossing and uncrossing and shaking wildly, that was when she noticed her own need to go to the bathroom. Normally she didn't have to go to the bathroom so badly so quickly, but she figured that she was trying to think about how to be attractive to Rex that she got carried away with her drinks and now her bladder was feeling rapidly full.

"Excuse me I'll be right back," Leah said as she excused herself to the bathroom. She could see Jill looking over in her direction with a look that said please don't leave me with this ignoramus.

Of course, as always, there was something of a line for the bathroom but luckily it moved rather quickly. Soon Leah was sitting on the toilet and peeing rather forcefully and feeling a lot of that tension that she felt leaving her body. Maybe now that her bladder was empty she could think more clearly again. No one was waiting behind her in line so she figured she had enough time to take her time and do a little bit of primping. She adjusted her makeup and looked at herself in the mirror until she looked attractive enough to meet her own standard of self-satisfaction.

"I'm going to go out there and I'm going to totally blow Rex away until he can't even remember Jill's name or the fact that she exists," Leah said with a smile as all of the sudden her phone began vibrating. She looked at it and saw that she got a text from Jill.

Leah, what is taking you so long, why did you leave me with this bonehead? He won't stop hitting on me and he is pretty much undressing me with his eyes. That and his constant jokes about whether I would go bi for him, get your ass back here right now!

Leah was going to respond to the text but something about the text was making her angry. She brought Jill along to be her wing woman but now it seemed like Jill was getting all the action, and she didn't even want it. Jill was taking all the attention away from her and she had to admit that all of the sudden she was feeling rather jealous and annoyed. She also knew that as soon as she got back to the table Jill would probably excuse herself to go to the bathroom as an excuse to get out of there, well that and the fact she had to piss like a racehorse.

As she was about to leave the bathroom an evil idea crossed Leah's brain and she hesitated. As she thought of how desperate Jill looked when she left to use the bathroom, and she knew that as soon as she got back Jill would probably want to go to the bathroom.

Leah grabbed the handle of the bathroom door and she realized that it locked from the inside.

"That would be really mean," Leah said as she thought about locking the bathroom and then closing the door behind her. There was no way she could do that to Jill though, as that would just be plain cruel.

Bitch, get your ass back here now! Jill texted Leah.

"I'll show you who's whose bitch," Leah said as she took out a piece of paper that she had in her purse and wrote the words out of order on it. She then locked the bathroom door, closed it, looked both ways to make sure no one was looking and put the sign on the door using some of the tape that she found in her purse.

As Leah walked back to the table she could see Jill looking over with a strained glance and could see that Rex practically was putting his face in Jill's cleavage, but she was pretty much fighting him off.

"Well you were gone a while," Jill said with a great look of annoyance.

"Well you know how it is, lines for the ladies rooms and everything, although I don't think that that's a problem right now," Leah said with an evil smirk and trying to suppress laughter.

"Well thank God because I definitely have to go," Jill said as she got up very slowly as she pressed her knees together. That was when Leah could tell that Jill had to go and she had to go something mighty bad.

Jill power walked towards the ladies room and was glad to see that there was no line. But then she got there and could see that there was an out of order sign on the door.

"No," Jill said as she reached for the handle to see that the door was locked. She looked at the men's room which had no line and considered using it, but then she could see people looking over at her and she lost her nerve. She was extremely tempted but the last thing that she wanted to do was use a filthy men's toilet in a bar and get caught going in the wrong restroom, that would be embarrassing beyond belief and tonight was already awkward enough as it was already. Nope, wasn't gonna happen.

Very slowly Jill made her way back to the table, stopping every few paces to grab herself.

"That was quick," Rex said. "Damn Leah your friend sure does pee a lot faster than you do!" Rex burst out in laughter as he pointed at Leah making her feel even more aggravated.

"The bathroom was out of order," Jill said as she unintentionally found herself crossing her legs. Leah looked at Rex and could see that his eyes were basically glued to Jill's every movement.

"Oh really," Rex said as he took a sip of his beer to try and hide what looked like a very large smile on his face. "I guess that sucks for you Jill."

"Yeah sure sucks for Jill," Leah said trying her hardest not to smirk.

"Yeah you know what they say about beer, you don't buy it you just rent it," Rex said. "Speaking of which I have to go drain the lizard." He burst out in laughter after saying that as he started walking towards the men's room.

"Let's call it a night, let's get out of here before he comes back," Jill said as she jogged in place.

"What's the matter Jill, getting antsy," Leah said, now totally unable to hide the fact that she was smiling.

"I really have to go and I really would rather not stick around here so that Rex can constantly laugh at everything I say and stare at my breasts all evening."

"Are you sure you're not heterosexual, you seem to be stealing all the attention from the guys tonight."

"Looking at Rex I can say that I'm very glad I'm a lesbian, and that if I weren't a lesbian I would certainly think about joining up, because of people like him would be an excellent recruiting tool to get people to join team lesbian."

"Just give me a few more minutes, I really think that maybe we can make some type of connection here," Leah said. "And besides it's my decision because I am your ride so you'll just have to stay put."

"But I have to go so bad!" Jill said now thrusting her hands between her legs which were tightly crossed. It was just at that moment that Rex came back and was looking at them with a huge smile on his face. Jill sort of waved discreetly and tried to save face but was feeling more awkward and humiliated with each passing moment.

"Well Leah, it looks like your friend really has to pee," Rex said with his signature laughter.

That was the first time that Rex had addressed Leah by name all night and she had to admit that it felt pretty good.

"Oh tell me about it, Jill always has to pee," Leah said. "It seems like everywhere she goes she's always running to the bathroom."

"Yeah, girls have such small bladders," Rex said as he started drinking again. Jill wanted to comment that he just went to the bathroom a moment ago and that he probably would go to the bathroom again soon, but she wanted to deflect attention from the situation at hand.

"Jill is always pee dancing all over the place, she's a very experienced pee dancer," Leah said.

Rex laughed again. "Yeah, your friend is really pee dancing like crazy there. That's pretty funny Leah."

"Maybe we should request that the jukebox play don't go chasing waterfalls or raindrops keep falling on my head," Leah said as Rex started laughing and smiling, except now he seemed to be laughing at Jill's situation and at Leah's jokes.

"Not funny guys," Jill said as she sort of jogged in place. "I really really have to pee."

"Pee, that's a funny word," Rex said as he continued laughing.

"Pee pee pee pee," Leah said as she and Rex burst out laughing. "Pee pee pee pee pee!" they shouted again.

"Shut up!" Jill said as she stomped her foot and paced around. "That's it, we're leaving right now!"

"Don't be a buzz kill Jill, I'm having a lot of fun," Leah said.

"Yeah me too," Rex said as he smiled and looked at Leah before looking at Jill again, and now becoming somewhat visibly aroused at the fact that she had to go to the bathroom, but not seeming to be acting too awkward about what everyone could see was clearly happening.

"Well I'm not and I want to leave!" Jill said as she stomped her foot down before crossing and uncrossing her legs and bending at the knees.

Leah could see that Jill was getting quite furious, and she almost thought about telling her what she did, but that would just make her more furious. But she knew that if she pushed Jill any further than that it would be taking things too far, and that was when she had an idea.

"Hey Rex you think you might want to come back to my place afterwards," Leah said. "It's not that far away from here."

"Sure," Rex said.

"Okay anything, let's just get out of here," Jill said as she hopped in place grabbing herself looking like she was ready to scream as Rex smiled and laughed.

"You have a really fun friend Leah," Rex said.

"Oh yeah Jill is a real laugh riot, aren't you Jill," Leah said. "But you are right it is getting late, we should go back to my place."

"Finally!" Jill said as they walked into the parking lot, glad that Leah wasn't that far away from here and that any minute now they would be back at her house and Jill was really going to destroy her toilet.

Leah started fumbling in her purse and that was when she frowned.

"What's the matter?" Jill asked.

Leah looked in the car window and saw her keys sitting on the seat. "Oh for Christ's sake, I left the freaking keys in the car!"

"Now that is totally not funny," Jill said.

"I thought it was kind of funny," Rex said as he laughed once again.

"No, come on you have the keys in there," Jill said as she started looking through Leah's purse but finding that it was indeed empty of keys. "Son of a bitch! How could you make such a stupid mistake like that?!"

"Calm down, my house is only a couple of blocks away," Leah said.

"Don't tell me to calm down!" Jill said tightly grabbing herself and crossing her legs like the jaws of life. "And you know a couple of blocks could pretty much be the entire Sahara desert when I have to go this badly!"

"You don't mind walking a couple of blocks, do you Rex?" Leah asked.

"Sure," Rex said as the three of them started walking, with Jill stopping every couple of minutes to grab herself and cross her legs.

"Jill for someone who is in a hurry you're taking her sweet ass time," Leah said.

"I have to go to the God dammed bathroom so bad!" Jill said as Rex started laughing, which was making her feel even more awkward and humiliated by the whole situation than she was before, which she hadn't even thought possible. She knew that Leah was enjoying every single minute of it.

"You know I think I need to drain the lizard again myself," Rex said. "I hope you don't mind ladies."

"I don't mind," Leah said simultaneous with Jill saying, "Yes I damn well do mind!"

"Too late it's got a mind of its own," Rex said as he whipped it out and started peeing by a dumpster in the alleyway as Jill gritted her teeth.

"Leah I'm going to kill you," she whispered under her breath.

After Rex was done relieving himself in the alley, much to Leah's delight as she got a good view of the action, it was only a couple more blocks until they were finally at Leah's house.

"Luckily I always leave an extra key outside in case of just such a situation," Leah said as she looked under a rock in her garden. "Oh no it's not here."

"What?! You had better be kidding me!" Jill shouted.

"Yep," Leah said as she held up the key.

"That was pretty funny," Rex said as he and Leah began bursting out in hysterical laughter.

"Just open the damned door already!" Jill said as she sat there shifting from leg to leg as Leah very deliberately and slowly opened the door. Jill practically pushed the both of them down as she bolted for the bathroom and slammed the door shut.

Jill immediately jerked down her panties and sat on the toilet peeing very loudly and letting out loud moans of relief as she was practically ready to cry with joy when she went to the bathroom. Finally she washed her hands and flushed and came out of the bathroom.

Rex was standing there with his jaw practically dropping.

"What?" Jill said.

"Will you marry me," Rex said, practically drooling as Jill smiled, shook her head and slapped him across the face before she headed towards the door and slammed it behind her. Finally Rex turned to Leah. "Wow, your friend can really pee."

Leah smiled and looked at Rex. "Buddy you ain't seen nothing yet!"

And with that Leah walked into the bathroom, closed the door and finally knew as she sat down to go that the way to some men's hearts is through their stomach, but for other men it was through the bathroom.

