Trapped in the Bar

Author: DerivativeWings

*000*2019-07-21 16:21

Foreword

This took a really long time to finish (mostly because life caused me to take a writing hiatus when I was half-done) but it's also probably the most work I've put into anything written so far. It's primarily focused on a male protagonist (with a smattering of female desperation/peeing mixed in for good measure). If the people who proofread chapter one way back reads this story they're probably going to question why the heck it took so long for me to release but so is life. The start of each chapter will feature a small glossary of people and places, which I hope will improve the readability and immersion into this little world I've created, though reading these is purely optional. I hope you all enjoy!

The main cast

Laine Russ – The protagonist of the story. Started working at the Underside recently but has still not completely figured out how to handle being the only male server at an all-female café. While he doesn’t mind the work at all, being thrust into the role of the only male serving at the Underside comes with its own host of challenges.

Mathilda Ebb – Worker at the Underside. A friendly waitress girl who tries her best to make the guests feel welcome and the staff happy. In charge of training new employees but does not know of Laine’s “special condition” at the start of the story.

Gustaf – Gus is the Baker/Owner of the Underside, whose veins run thick with sourdough and rye whisky. The gruff but lovable man is fiercely proud of his craft but recognizes what sets his dive apart is the servers. He pays them well as a result.

Locales

Tethertown – A sprawling city fastened with chains to the walls of a massive crater. Tethertown originated as a mining facility drilling the cavern walls for rare materials, and mostly lacks the careful city planning of an architect as a result. The crater’s higher levels are all but depleted of valuables at this point, yet Tethertown still grows. A bustling city of trade and a bit of a cultural melting pot, the city is most famous for the precarious buildings attached haphazardly to the bottom of the city’s foundation. A well-placed window on the floor of such a house can offer you a great view if you’re careful around it.

Underside – A café with all-female servers. Terrible, terrible coffee. Serviceable tea. Decent baked goods (Lightgarden has better and cheaper, but you don’t say this to Gus’s face). The main reason the place gets customers other than the friendly staff is the great location. Being that the main part of the café is located underneath the sprawling city, guests are treated to the expansive view of the great lakes underneath.

There is a small hand-painted sign outside which reads “Vertigo is no-go”.

Trapped in the Bar

Chapter 1 - The new recruit [Desperation (M/F)] [Peeing (M/F)]

Special thanks to MasterXploder and Dimwitrolo

“Welcome to the Underside!”

This was not the kind of work Laine had been expecting to be doing when he first arrived in Tethertown. In retrospect, the helpful old man directing him to the nearest place hiring might have been pulling his leg. Somehow, he had gotten the job.

The Underside was a café with an all-female staff. When Laine had realized this shortly after his hiring, he had been worried that the owner had gotten his gender wrong. Laine wouldn’t say he looked like a girl, but he could probably still be mistaken for one. He certainly wasn’t powerfully built, and while he did have his chocolate brown hair cut short, such a look was becoming trendy with the girls in Tethertown as of late.

The owner, sensing his distress and confusion, had explained that if Laine didn’t reveal himself to the patrons and worked as hard as any other server it would not become an issue. Apparently, they had been short on hands for a while now and could use even a girlish boy.

Laine had been running the register to get people their baked goods and drinks during the morning, which had been mostly successful. He couldn’t do it alone yet, as he wasn’t allowed to touch the monstrosity of a contraption that was the coffee machine, but hopefully he’d be able to learn in time. Now, during the lunch rush, he was navigating the wooden interior of the café, taking orders and serving customers.

Laine had quickly taken a liking to the job. The view out the giant glass windows on the bottom floor was breathtaking, and the patrons had endless tales to tell the new server. Sunken treasure, monsters in the mines, and the origins of the crater Tethertown resided in. Laine had no way to sort truth from fabrication but was nonetheless smitten by the strange tales of adventure of his new home.

The other servers treated him well, though he was a little embarrassed being the only boy serving in the shop. For some reason the owner of the café, who Laine now knew as Gus, had refrained from telling them about Laine’s gender. Laine had no idea why, and if he could reveal this fact to the girls. It’s not like he had a way to bring up the subject anyway, even if he wanted to.

The only part of the job that bothered Laine at this point was the clothes he had to wear while serving. The blue and white skirt and blouse fit surprisingly snugly and was quite modest. However, Laine was certainly not used to wearing skirts, and walking from table to table with his bared knees revealed for all to see was rather quite embarrassing.

Still, Laine had been incredibly relieved that panties had not come as part of his kit. Instead, he had been given white boxer-style underwear which fit well and would make a potential wardrobe malfunction much less of a total disaster.

Now, halfway into the work day, Laine was confronted with a bit of an issue. The lunch break had come with free food and drink, and since he was still new to the city, it had seemed a good idea to make use of a free meal when presented with one. At this point Laine certainly wished he had held back a little, especially on those drinks.

However, as Laine had previously found out on his first day, going was not as simple as one might expect. The servers were prohibited from using the customer’s bathroom, having one to themselves. There was just one problem with that bathroom; it lacked any semblance of privacy.

The server's bathroom consisted of three porcelain pots. When he first had tried going in there to pee he had found it “occupied” by a fellow server, causing him to leave the room as quickly as he’d entered. After that he had vowed to simply use his the toilet of in his rented room, which had worked out so far.

But today, serving had gotten progressively harder as Laine’s bladder filled far beyond the point where he would usually rush for relief. His smiles became less confident, and his walking from table to table stiffened. He started avoiding the big windows, as the massive waterfalls lining the walls of the crater were simply giving him too much trouble at this point.

“Hey, do you need some help?” Feeling the light tap on is shoulder, Laine instantly tensed. He turned to find Mathilda Ebb standing behind him. Mathilda was a friendly girl from the staff, red-haired and taller than Laine. She had taught him the ropes around the bar. And while Laine had quickly developed a liking to the girl, now was not the time to have a conversation.

“Ah, no. I’m fine...!” To his own ears, Laine’s words seemed weak and unconvincing but hopefully it wasn’t as noticeable as he feared. “Thanks for showing me around earlier, I really – hnn!” A powerful wave from his bladder caused Laine to tense up, and he couldn’t stop himself from raising one of his legs in a particularly unsubtle way.

“I see.” Mathilda scanned Laine’s squirming form, analyzing his embarrassing posture. “You need to pee.”

Laine’s face heated up. He didn’t quite know how to react in this situation. Not only was he bursting at the seams, he was now thrust into a social situation he had no way of navigating. He did need to pee and needed it badly. But he could not see how Mathilda could help him with that without him revealing his secret in the most embarrassing way possible.

“Don’t worry, this is actually quite common for new servers.” Mathilda let slight giggle slip, causing the curls of her fiery red hair to bounce a little. “If you’re shy, I can guard the bathroom while you go – just be quick about it.”

Laine’s eyes lit up with a new hope. It wasn’t a permanent solution to his bathroom troubles, he’d still have to figure out a way to pee in the future. But an easy way for him to relieve his aching bladder seemed like the gift of gods at this point.

After Laine had gotten his blushing and thanking out of the way, Mathilda hurried him to the bathroom. Laine entered, as the girl waited outside.

Once again, Laine was greeted with an unwelcome sight upon entering the pink and white checkerboard-tiled room. Faced with the shapely behind of a tinkling girl, Laine tensed and turned away quickly. The girl was peeing without a care in the world, causing Laine’s bladder to throb as joining the server girl’s splashing melody became more and more tempting.

Until the server girl finished, Laine was trapped. Peeing in this situation was out of the question - but he couldn’t even leave the bathroom until she finished. He wouldn’t make it out dry if he did - plus he’d look silly leaving. And surely Mathilda would notice something wrong if he left so soon.

Laine could hear the girl humming a little song while she wiped herself and gave Laine a look of confusion as she passed the red-faced boy in a skirt. Laine almost felt a little dirty as he approached the chamber pots. He wasn’t supposed to be here. This was a sacred sanctuary set up to provide the girls of the Underside with respite and relief, and twice he had entered here to see something he shouldn’t have. Regardless, his bladder was full to the point where it was too urgent to worry about this. Laine would have to work on his soiled pride and tarnished chivalry at some other point.

Trying to do it while standing would surely result in calamity for the bathroom and his clothes at this point, so hiking up his skirt and sitting down on the closest pot, Laine readied himself for the relief.

He couldn’t pee.

Laine was being tag-teamed by two problems. An intense pee shyness had gripped him as soon as he sat down over the pot. Even though he knew that Mathilda was keeping guard outside, that wasn’t helping him feel any less exposed. The second problem was even worse: the imagery, brief as it had been, and sound of the girl from before had triggered a particularly embarrassing response from Laine’s own body. He couldn’t help it, and unless he was able to do something about it, peeing would be nigh impossible.

Laine was panicking. The pressure just below his navel was more intense than he was used to, emptying was not just a want, it was a need at this point. He’d been on the pot for at least half a minute, but nothing was coming out despite his straining. The stress and pressure were not helping his efforts to calm down one bit, either.

Just when Laine was seconds away from crying at his predicament and giving in completely, there was a knocking on the door.

“Are you doing okay in there? Do you need help?” A massive shiver traveled through Laine all way across his spine as the unexpected voice shocked him out of his despair-filled concentration. The tension in his body left him completely as he was finally able to start his much-needed pee.

“I-I’m okay, just need a little bit longer...!” The stream felt a little uncomfortable leaving him – as though his body had not yet completely readied itself yet. Even so, Laine tried his best to stay relaxed as he feared stopping would make it impossible to start once again.

The relief was quite intense, even as Laine’s lower stomach hurt quite badly due to the pressure from his bladder and the tension of forcing his body to empty itself. His lower part was protesting too, tense as it was against the liquid moving through him. Still, easing the terrible pressure in his bladder was worth all this discomfort - and more still.

Suddenly, his pained reverie was interrupted by yet another knock. This time it had the opposite effect, grinding his stream to a painful and unexpected halt. “Hey, are you done soon? Another server needs the bathroom, so you need to hurry it up.” There was some hushed conversation Laine couldn’t completely make out, but he could hear some words from a voice other than Mathilda’s. “Rookie”, “No breaks, damnit” and “Absolutely bursting here”.

Getting his stream going a second time seemed like an impossibly pitiful dream. His bladder was now dealing with the renewed stress of having to start peeing quickly, of course. But his other problem had flared up once again, hard. The combined imagery of the brief glimpse of peeing butt he had witnessed before, combined with the frantic suggestions from outside had pushed him over the edge.

Laine quickly made up his mind. Continuing to sit on the pot while preventing a desperate girl from entering the women’s bathroom was simply more humiliation than he could bear. Now that his bladder was no longer seconds away from emptying on the floor, the chivalrous alternative was now a viable option and as such the only option - even if it left him with a half full bladder.

Wiping (it was faster than shaking the pee off) and quickly getting his underwear up he exited the bathroom, letting a red-faced and potty dancing girl enter in his stead. He gave Mathilda a smile that he hoped came off as thankful and confident.

He had gotten to partially empty his bladder. He could make it through the day. It was going to be easy - it had to be, since he didn’t have any other choice. This was going to be fine!

Laine's tale will continue in the next chapter...

*005*2019-07-23 18:36

It's time for the next chapter! I'm glad people seemed to have enjoyed the previous one - this story is a little different from what I usually write so I wasn't sure if I was going to be able to do it full justice. Just like last time, I've added some extra little world details at the beginning but feel free to skip those if you just want to get into the second chapter. Enjoy!

Tidbits of the town

Underside server’s bathroom – This pleasant, airy room is tiled in a white and pink checkerboard pattern. Only staff can enter, as they all get a personal key. The chamber pots inside have lids to prevent any bad smell, and a high window keeps the air inside fresh. The window faces the great drop towards the crater’s side, and the great waterfall can just barely be heard inside the bathroom. Later in the day when shifts end, there is sometimes a bit of a queue.

Fashion in Tethertown – The blue-and-white skirts of the Underside servers are definitely not anything to be worn on the streets of Tethertown. The city is highly vertical, with side-streets often leading to rickety staircases and rope-bridges. Trousers, a blouse and a short jacket are what the respected ladies of Tethertown wear, though recently even shorter legwear has become quite fashionable with women who spend most of their time outside.

Trapped in the Bar

Chapter 2 - Mistake and Misfortune

Special thanks to Biku! (Not for anything relating to this chapter, just for being awesome in general)

This was absolutely not fine. A little less than an hour later, and Laine was squirming even worse than before he had used the pot. He had hoped his bladder would not be getting any fuller since he was no longer drinking anything, but his kidneys seemed happy to add what felt like oceans into his already swollen and tired bladder.

Laine was using every trick he knew to holding himself while still being able to act a proper server until his shift ended. At this point, most guests were just buying their afternoon coffee at the register and enjoying it outside in the sun, but some were still having a late lunch. Thankfully, Laine didn’t have to interact with the guests at this point as he was going around clearing the tables after the guests had left them. Whenever he was facing an empty table, he would cross his legs and sometimes give himself a squeeze hoping nobody would see.

However, clearing the tables had now put him in the worst position imaginable – right in front of the massive window facing the waterfall. No matter how much his eyes tried to avert themselves from the crashing water, it always seemed to be there in the corner of his vision. Of course, the suggestive imagery of the large crater filling with liquid was hardly lost on him at this point either.

The one upside to Laine’s location was the relative privacy he could now take advantage off. The back of the bar was already relatively quiet, with less than a handful of tables taken. Facing the window, Laine’s front was completely obscured.

Now, Laine was free to massage his aching bladder and even clutch himself when it felt like he was about to pee. At feeling the hard bulge of his stomach, Laine couldn’t stop a low whine from slipping out. The sound was incredibly embarrassing, but he simply couldn’t help it at this point. Red-faced and hoping nobody heard, Laine kept on scrubbing the table clean with one leg over the other.

Despite his troubles, it was just fifteen minutes left until Laine could leave. Given that he had been able to hold himself so far, Laine felt reinvigorated and confident. He could last fifteen minutes. As long as he allowed himself to squeeze and squirm when it became unbearable, he would make it through the day!

As Laine was thinking about all this, a group of cheery-looking younger adults entered the café and took their seats near the window. At this point things were very slow, so Laine took notice despite his predicament. A somewhat worried-looking server whose name Laine hadn’t spoken to yet rushed up to where Laine was finishing up his tables.

“Hey, Laine, right? They showed up for dinner, but we don’t normally serve dinner for another ten minutes or so… Gus said he’d make an exception, but we’re a little understaffed. I know your shift ends soon, but could you keep them company for a little while we get things ready?” She bit her lip nervously. “Pour up some water for them, you can leave after. Is that ok?”

Laine nodded in a somewhat convincing way. “U-um, yes. Mathilda told me about how to-”

“Oh, wonder!” Laine was cut off, but the girl seemed to brighten up. Before he could say anything else, she had already rushed off in the general direction of the kitchen.

This was not good news for Laine’s tired and stretched bladder. The conversation with the girl had made him seize up, but now that she’d left Laine felt dangerously close to leaking. It was like his body had interpreted him stopping his squirming and squeezing as a signal that it was time to let go.

*Spurt*

A small amount of liquid rushed into his underwear, reminding him once again of how and why he had to keep holding at all costs. Squirming and blushing, he too left for the kitchen to get water.

Greeting him was a neat metal sink and several see-through carafes lined up for him to use. Placing the nearest one under the tap, he started filling it up.

Just a single second in, and this was an emergency. He didn’t want to clutch himself and announce his need to anyone that may walk through this part of the kitchen, but he had no other option. Banging his knees together, while using one hand to prevent liquid from spilling out at any cost.

The filling carafe took his mind to strange places. He imagined grabbing another for himself and doing what he desperately needed to do, he imagined jumping up the sink, sitting down and lowering his underwear so he could finally…!

Fighting back what felt like several potential spurts, Laine was able to turn off the running water as the carafe was almost filled to the brim. The clear water was almost glittering in the sunlight let through the submarine window. Earlier, Mathilda had showed him the location of ice cubes, as well as a certain sour fruit used to add a fresh taste and aesthetic to the water.

Now that he didn’t have to listen to the running water any more, Laine was no longer quite as frantic and could cut the fruit into bite-sized pieces without too much of a hassle. Getting the ice proved to be more of a challenge. Squatting down to open the fridge, Laine was immediately greeted with a gust of freezing air.

“Haah-ah…!” The frigid breeze traveled past his exposed and trembling legs and continued up under his skirt to caress the sensitive areas protected by clothing. The shock caused another involuntary release, which while much smaller than the first one forced Laine to rock in place as he waited for the overwhelming urge to once again subside.

When Laine was certain he wouldn’t immediately wet the floor if he moved, he quickly brought out a tray of ice and carried it to the table. The cold feeling on his hands was quite difficult to ignore, but he managed to endure just long enough to get back to the counter.

When adding the cubes and the fruit to the carafe, Laine realized his grave error - the additional volume had now filled the glass jug to the brim. Normally this would be a simple enough problem to solve – just pour out a bit of the water, but the mere thought of draining just a little bit of water from the overfull container almost brought Laine to the brink of a third leak.

Instead, Laine did the only thing he could think of. Gripping the handle with one hand, and the other to steady the container, Laine started making his way out of the kitchen and to the tables.

This was proving to be an even worse idea than Laine had initially thought. Making sure the overfull carafe didn’t spill took almost all his attention and focusing intently on a liter of liquid precariously held within a fully filled container was not exactly what Laine needed right now.

It seemed like a miracle Laine even made it out of the kitchen considering just how full both the carafe, and his bladder, were. Too much shivering would break the surface tension of the carafe and spill its contents all over the floor, but Laine really wasn’t really in a position where shivers were optional. His walk became a desperate balance of desperate squirming to keep his lower flood under constraints while simultaneously never letting it reach all the way to his hands.

Eventually, the inevitable happened. The biggest bladder pang yet – it was though his bladder tried to void itself all at once – hit Laine like hammer. He couldn’t help doubling over slightly, in his current posture he was nanoseconds away from starting a stream he couldn’t stop.

While his bladder calmed down, the carafe’s delicate balance had been disrupted. Laine reacted just a moment too late and drops of water came crashing out and hitting the floor dramatically before Laine was able to stop the flow.

The escaped water had luckily been too small an amount to make a mess, but before Laine was even able to breathe a sigh of relief, a disastrous sensation made itself known. Somehow, a few frigid drops had splashed onto Laine’s leg, caressing him with chill as gravity forced them to run down the skin of his inner thigh.

This was too cruel. It reminded Laine of the feeling of wetting himself, streaks of urine travelling down his legs when the pressure reached an unbearable peak. This was ice-cold water, and the sensation would have been highly uncomfortable under normal circumstances. With a bladder as full as Laine’s it was beyond agonizing. He had to close his eyes and squeeze his entire body shut to resist a mortifying wetting then and there.

Somehow and against all odds, Laine found himself at the table. There were four young men sitting and talking, seemingly a group of long-time friends. The raven-haired one farthest from the window seemed particularly boisterous, though they all quickly settled down as Laine approached.

When serving a table, Laine had been instructed to pour drinks for the guests. But that wasn’t happening today – Laine didn’t know what he would say if they explicitly asked him to, but he knew that he wouldn’t and couldn’t pour water out of the carafe right now. Luckily, nobody questioned him as he simply placed the carafe on the table.

“Gil, you ought to ask now that a server is here, you can’t wait.” The tall, raven-haired one urged on his shorter friend who seemed to be blushing, though it was hard to tell with his face turned away.

He turned to Laine. “H-hey, could you show me the bathroom, please? I-I’ll buy something first if I have to…” The short one who was apparently called Gil spoke bashfully without really looking at Laine, seemingly hiding behind his curly locks of blonde hair.

“Uh, sure. Staircase near the counter, by the ship’s wheel thing mounted on the wall.” Laine pointed in the towards the counter, he himself curtseying as he did.

“B-but… Could you show me, I went looking before and I couldn’t find it at all…” The youth was blushing even deeper at this point, the red tint reaching all the way to his ears.

The world seemed completely intent on torturing Laine’s poor bladder with obstacle after obstacle. He was tempted to simply deny the request, but Gil seemed so distraught and Laine couldn’t help to feel a certain kinship with the desperate young man.

“Please f-follow me sir.” His stutter had been very subtle, and Laine hoped that neither Gil nor his comrades had picked up on it. Laine was in dire straits and beyond, too, but not having to carry the carafe had been a significant boon to his ability to hold. Additionally, the fellow seemed so embarrassed and flustered Laine couldn’t help but want to set him at ease and assist him out of his predicament.

“Oh, thank you...!” Rising out of his seat, the young man started following Laine to the bathrooms. At first, he was walking somewhat normally behind Laine – if incredibly stiffly. Soon he gave up on this and instead elected to directly hold himself while blushing furiously. Laine looked back a few times and had never before seen someone so scarlet – Gil seemed close to bursting into tears.

The walk to the bathroom was mercifully for both of them very short – Laine really wasn’t sure how Gil could have missed it. The blonde seemed to shy away from the few people they passed on the way, staff and some other guests. Laine had felt vulnerable and defeated just a minute ago but next to Gil he felt like a stoic protector. Though even with Laine’s somewhat restored confidence, he couldn’t stop a few shudders and curtseys on the way so anyone closely observing would still undoubtedly just see two boys desperate for a toilet.

The toilet was occupied, though luckily there was no queue. Gil seemed pretty miserable and even closer to crying than before as he made his way to stand near the door. Despite his apparent desperation, Gil refrained from knocking or otherwise trying to make the bathroom’s current occupant speed up.

Just as Laine was about to leave, some cruel god seemingly once again intervened to further add to his troubles. It started as a whimpering sound, coupled with the dripping of water. Laine turned around to find that the locked door had been one obstacle too many for Gil. Streaks of pee were making their way down his trousers, dripping out at the hem. The poor youth was sobbing, it seemed he was still trying his best to keep himself contained even though that looked to be a hopelessly doomed effort at this point.

For Laine, the effect was beyond paralyzing. Here was someone wetting themselves barely even a meter away, and his own struggle was once again reaching a boiling point. Laine was leaking, and it wasn’t at all like before. While carrying the carafe, he had willed himself to keep himself dry just a little longer. Now, it seemed completely hopeless. Where would he even pee, if he managed to hold on? Making it home was an impossibility, and he’d need to change first. Using the server’s bathroom was just not possible – this late in the day the servers who were done for the day were taking the opportunity to empty their bladders before heading home. Perhaps Laine could pee in an alleyway yet faced with the scene before him he knew he didn’t have any more time. At least he wouldn’t be alone.

*Pssht*

Laine leaked again, more, this time. The front of Gil’s pants was soaked, but he was still stubbornly grabbing himself. Laine was a single second away from resigning himself to the same fate, when suddenly the bathroom opened to reveal a girl in a strange large hat and a sundress.

“OhthankgodIcan’tholditanylonger…!” Gil rushed into the bathroom with superhuman speed and slammed the door behind him. The previous occupant gave him, and Laine, curious looks as she passed them but didn’t comment on either of the pee-dancing wrecks as she left the bar.

Laine had been quite unceremoniously left behind. Wetting himself had seemed like his only alternative just a moment ago, yet now such a thing seemed completely unthinkable. Despite several pangs of protest from his bladder and another rebellious spurt, Laine was able to run away from the toilet door before he ran the risk of hearing the noises Gil would undoubtedly make upon relieving himself.

When going up the stairs back into the main portion of the bar, Laine glanced towards the direction of the staff toilets. They were far from unoccupied, a small queue of two serving girls waiting for their turn at relief had formed outside. All his options were cut off. He was running out of time. What was Laine to do?

Laine's tale will conclude in the next chapter...

*010*2019-09-03 11:50

{{On 9/2/2019 at 9:21 AM, hydroStorm said:

This is a fun series I hope you come back to it one day

}}

University has been eating all my time lately but hopefully I'll be able to finish the final chapter sometime somewhat reasonably timely. I was really hoping to finish it all off back in July when I had more time but it was not to be.

*018*2021-07-12 16:27

{{On 6/27/2020 at 4:55 AM, luckymel said:

Any chance of you picking this story up again some day?

}}

Tomorrow might be your lucky day.

(Sidenote, I didn't really want to post until I was going to release something new since that would just necro the thread and get people's hopes up and stuff. So uhhhh here we go I guess???)

*019*2021-07-13 07:59

Word on the Street

Colorful Language

Nowadays, Tethertown have few true locals outside of street urchins, tourism workers and the odd discharged miner too stubborn to leave the rock. Still, the legacy of Tethertown as a miner’s haven lives on in the language of the downtrodden. A “Muck-Slinker” is a mammalian creature capable of attaching to the bottom of Tethertown with its incredibly sticky tail; and the phrase also is used colloquially to praise those who exploit an unfair system to eke out a better life for themselves. “Gone saucy-eyed” refers to the effects of a particularly dangerous mushroom found inside the crater caves, the spores of which would leave miners partially blind. Nowadays, it’s used to refer to anyone stupid enough to brave the cavern wall by their lonesome, and most “Saucers” never return to the surface.

Excavation

The walls of the huge crater surrounding Tethertown are strip-mined for rare materials which are eventually sent off into space as trade goods. In the past, people looking for well-paying work would make their way to Tethertown to “Mine the wall” yet by now most of the upper regions of the crater have been fully depleted, leaving only the dangerous lower reaches – nobody would be foolish enough to venture there without expensive equipment and significant expertise.

Trapped in the Bar

Chapter 3 - A Prolonged Conclusion

Laine was aching. His midsection felt bruised and tender, like he’d strained it. Breathing hurt, and occasionally he’d have to stop and spend a few seconds painfully sucking in air through his teeth to get by. Joining the queue for the server bathroom seemed completely unthinkable. Not only would it be unbelievably embarrassing, Laine was also quite convinced that he’d wet himself just waiting his turn. And what would he do if girls started queueing up behind him...? No, there had to be something else he could do. Anything he could do to pee soon and safely.

Laine quickly made up his mind, steeling himself. He’d get changed, head out into the streets as fast as he possibly could, then take a piss off town’s edge. He’d seen other boys do it before; urchins who grew up haunting the streets of Tethertown would do it off the railing, and he’d even seen the occasional amber-watch delver engineer do it after slumming with a group of lads. It was usually rather discreet – a fellow facing the edge didn’t have to worry about hiding much and wouldn’t exactly leave a puddle. Laine hadn’t paid it much mind in the past and was trying his best to keep it that way, as time spent mulling over the detailed imagery of Tethertown boys peeing past the rails and into the crater was only going to stimulate his body in rather unwanted ways right now.

Walking past the busy server bathroom took all of Laine’s willpower and then some. His entire body was tense as he walked, and undoubtedly he would have looked totally ridiculous if anyone had paid him attention. Grabbing his clothes from one of the bags hanging off the wall, Laine quickly entered one of the changing cubicles, choosing the one all the way to the back of the hallway to get as far away from the sounds of the server bathroom as was possible.

The changing cubicle was a simple windowless wooden rectangle, with a few wall hooks to hang one’s clothes on. Laine had consciously avoided the middle cubicle, as it had a window aimed towards the falls. He undressed as quickly as he was able, wincing both at his thoroughly soaked undergarments and at the visible displacement of skin caused by his overfull bladder. Seeing the distended thing made it feel even worse, somehow, and Laine had to stop for a moment to physically hold himself as he was hit by a new wave of need. He had no idea how he was going to make it.

Standing nude within the changing room, now, Laine struggled against an imminent accident. He had wet himself in the past, often in fact during manual labor on a distant world. However, those occurrences had been very different. When his bladder had been full enough that he started leaking, he had simply let go. It had been normal – other workers did it too, so while uncomfortable-feeling, it wasn’t a big deal. The situation Laine found himself in now was far, far more dire. Not wearing anything below was a greater issue than Laine could have ever predicted; not only was it fooling his body into thinking it was time to go, but also making each leak more hazardous than the last. The drops had nowhere to go but down, so each and every time he lowered his guard it would splash against his leg, creating thin lines liquid. These small rivers would then eventually hit the floor, slowly creating a tiny lake on the floorboards.

He could finally fully focus on holding it in without being seen, yet it left him unable to move, and seemingly fighting a losing battle. Instinctively, he went into an even lower crouch and tried to focus his whole being on his bladder, attempting to will himself just enough time to get dressed and make it to a place of relief. However, it had the opposite effect. Perhaps his new posture put more pressure on his overfilled bladder, or maybe his body had just reached the tipping point regardless of what Laine might have done.

Suddenly, Laine felt a massive pang as his bladder contracted against the mass of liquid. With how taut his bladder was, it was like the beating of a drum. A pain-shiver ran through Laine’s entire body, of a kind that left him weak on his feet. Laine felt much of his body relax against his will, yet he resisted against the sensation before disaster struck. Shakily, he opened his eyes and took in air, crisis averted. But when the second pang came, Laine could not resist.

The moment it hit him, Laine had no willpower or strength left. The contraction of his bladder pushed high-pressure liquid right through him and directly onto the floor. By no means could this be called a leak or even a spurt – while it offered little in the ways of relief, it left a sizeable puddle on the changing room floor. Another pang came, and Laine remained defenseless and leaking badly on the floor. And so it went for a while – tortuous seconds passed as Laine was stuck in a purgatory of bladder pangs accompanied by leaks, like the rhythm to a horrifying song.

Yet not long thereafter, there came a time when the pangs were no longer as forceful and when Laine had recovered just a bit of his fortitude.A pang came, and Laine didn’t leak. Then, it subsided. Slowly, incredibly slowly, Laine opened his eyes, vision blurred from pain. Barely daring to move, he started getting out of the crouch. His bladder still felt full and terrible, desperately begging him to just let go. Laine could hold it, just barely now, and so he did.

The puddle on the floor was nearly too big for him to believe. The liquid had gone right to the corner of the wall, filling the area and was now threatening to soak his feet. His thighs and calves had several streaks running down, still dripping onto the floor. By any measure, this was already a complete disaster. As he started making the movements to get changed, he was dripping onto the floor even though he wasn’t releasing any more leaks. The entire situation now more than ever made Laine feel like crying.

Laine reached for his clothes, again. Hurriedly, he got into his fresh set of trousers, which were partially soaked as soon as he got them on, absorbing the liquid which had splashed down his calves. The uncomfortable feeling as he put them on felt like shame and failure. Underneath, his undershorts was actually an improvement to what he’d been wearing previously, but that wasn’t saying much. He might have missed a button on his shirt, yet Laine was still thankful that the shirt he was putting on was buttoned at all – he wasn’t sure his body would even let him stretch out to get into a tee at this rate. Socks were another hopeless case – Laine quickly decided he would have to do without. Finally, he was dressed and ready to leave the cubicle.

As Laine, slowly, shakily made his way towards the exit of his wooden haven, he could feel it coming, building up – another pang. Like a whipped hound, his repeated exposure to this horrible sensation caused his body to freeze up at the thought of it happening again. He stood still, feeling drops touch his underwear as he barely dared to breathe. Then, the moment passed without another pang and Laine started to make his way forward once more. He never stopped to consider he would have to walk through the bar openly clutching himself – the only thing his mind could focus on right now was making it to anywhere where he could pee. At the changing room door he grasped for the handle, brushing it with the tip of his fingers once before getting a solid grip. Turning it sideways with a stifled gasp, Laine attempted to ready himself for the trek out of the café.

On the other side of the open door stood one of the server girls – the one Laine had spoken to in the kitchen before. She still appeared somewhat distracted, almost walking into Laine before noticing him, quickly shifting her expression to surprised and somewhat embarrassed as she did.

“Oh! You were changing, sorry! If you just finished up, I’ll go ahead and take your place now. Long day and I’d like to get home to- uh.”

Laine must have looked an absolute wreck in the doorway, directly holding himself despite the new onlooker. Uncontrollably shaking, blushing, crying – he was a total disaster. In a way, getting out of the server outfit had been like losing some form of protection he didn’t know he needed; before he had been one of the many server girls of the Underside. Now he was just Laine, desperate to pee and so very far from home.

With the changing room door now wide open, the sounds from the server bathroom were no longer blocked. Laine could hear girls chatting after the long day of work, carefree jokes about where Gus gets all the server outfits from and even complaints of the slow queue and a full bladder. And beyond that, the faint sound of liquid hitting porcelain, muffled by wooden walls. Laine was petrified.

The server girl blinked, once, then looked back at the queue for the server’s toilet, then back to the pitiable-looking Laine. She glanced down, seeing the puddle behind him, then back to Laine once again.

“Oh no! Did you have an accident because I asked you…? I’m so sorry, I didn’t know you needed a break so badly. And the queue tends to get long at the end of… Don’t worry, this isn’t as uncommon as you might think for new servers. I’ll help you clean up!”

Laine could barely hear a word the girl was speaking. He needed to swallow, badly. He could barely breathe. His bladder hurt – he couldn’t stand straight. He couldn’t see, blinded by burning tears of pain and embarrassment. He was also totally, absolutely drained of his strength. He fell to his knees.

Pee started gushing out of him with no resistance – the muscles which had kept it in had no strength to either resist or expediate this process. At first, there was no relief of tension in the bladder, but Laine did feel a different kind of relief as muscles which had previously been locked into a constant state of tension and near-cramp could finally relax. His underwear, which was soaked from sweat and pee to start, quickly saturated and was clinging to Laine’s skin within seconds. Liquid drained out of him with such speed without any input on his part that it almost felt like he was long longer really there; as though some aspect of his body had temporarily taken over and was forcing release to prevent him from harming himself.

His shorts proved a feeble resistance as well - the first barrier with any degree of success of blocking Laine’s accident ended up being the wooden floor. Easily bypassing his clothes, the pee stained the inside of his thighs before expanding into a puddle centered slightly ahead of his shivering body. If the floor’s construction contained any gaps or imperfections, a few errant drops may have snuck their way out of the café, falling into the abyss below before assimilating into the great lake. At this stage, Laine felt real relief as his bladder had finally emptied enough to relax. He moaned from the pleasure – embarrassing beyond belief but simply outside of his control – yet sapped as he was it came out shuddering and hushed.

Slowly, Laine’s strength and bodily control returned to him. He could cut of the flow – and so he did, despite how pointless it was at this point. He tried to stand, and while he was successful in this, he must have looked like a newborn doe, shaky as his movement were. He could finally use his hands (those had been preoccupied for a while now) to wipe the tears out of his eyes, regaining both his vision and some feeble measure of dignity. They stung a little. The girl was staring at him, blushing while covering her mouth. She spoke.

“O-oh gosh. I-I… H-huh. O-oh, oh! Don’t worry, I know you feel terrible right now but we were already going to have to clean up around here, anyway. Nothing that can’t be fixed, you know! How are you feeling right now? Do you need something or should I go get some towels? How do you feel?”

Laine felt… well, he felt awful. But he also felt a thousand times less awful than just a minute ago, or ten minutes ago, or even an hour. He surveyed the area, looking at the girl before him and down the hall. The server bathroom, with girls outside subtly expressing their impatience in various ways – light pacing, squirms and shakes – it almost seemed comical now.

“Wardrobe malfunction! Don’t come over here for a while!” The server girl turned to shout down the hall. “Ah- My name is Linnea by the way. I think we’ve spoken at breaks maybe before? It’s gonna be alright, we’ll get this fixed real quick.”

Laine was a mess of emotions at this point – but there was a clarity to him now, as though his previously full bladder had prevented him from seeing the world around him. He noticed, now, that Linnea was swaying somewhat awkwardly as she tried to comfort him, shifting her balance from one foot to the other. In light of their previous conversation, and the currently busy server bathroom, he had an inkling just what this behavior might mean.

Afterword

Tomorrow is now, I suppose. Producing this story took a very long time, and this chapter even more so. Uni started taking up more time, Covid happened... it's been a messy two years now. I guess it doesn't help I can't really write endings haha. Still, I'm happy to finally finish this story as it occupies a niche of omorashi I think is somewhat underexplored; and I hope some of the people who enjoyed the original story are still around for the final chapter despite the long wait.

*022*2021-07-13 15:45

{{1 hour ago, rfthawne said:

Loved the new chapter! Any plans for a follow up on Linnea's predicament?

}}

This marks the end of Laine's story. I don't currently have any plans for a followup - though I guess there's a non-zero chance I return to the Tethertown setting for some future story. In all likelihood though, I want to write something fairly different if I can find the time to write more in the near future (I have some ideas I think might be pretty cool and uhhh "titillating").

