The Demon of... Omorashi?

Author: DaCoolCat

*000*2017-05-21 20:09

*Hey, guys. So I made a promise a while back that I would be contributing to the fan-fictions and fictions here but have yet to post anything! To honor that late promise I will be... doing that now. THIS is my new/old promise! Without further ado...

I am a monster. I get that now.

...

And they are weaker. I understand that too.

So why don't these thugs run? Don't they exhibit a survival instinct? She thought to herself as the first of these "thugs" came at her with a "Freeze! Put your hands in the air."

She does as she was told. As the undercover officer goes around to cuff her hands behind her back, she makes her move. She grips both his hands with her own, sending him backwards crying in pain as his hands seemingly explode with blood bursting out of every vessel.

Guess the old man's teachings were wrong.

The ability you've just witnessed is called Blood on Hands, an ability that allows the user to inflict (a) hemorrhage(s) through skin-to-skin contact.

BANG!

"Gah!" She yelped as the shot tore through her left shoulder, passing through her full head of long, dark hair. You'll pay for that. She thought to herself.

She lunges at the shooting officer with tremendous speed and make like she was going to hit his face with a right hook. He half-block-half-dodges it with both his hands up, hoping to block the blow. He did but then was taken by surprise as he immediately felt pressure on his chest. Her left hand was right where his heart is!

"ARGH!!!" He cried briefly as he was pushed away and his uniform darkens at the chest with blood.

Shit, that hurts. She thought. I've got to get out of here.

With that, she rushes out the front door of her favorite Mexican grill restaurant, Chipotle. Wait, hold up. She walks back inside (to the first officer's terror) and then grabs her soda drink before taking her leave once again. There we go. Now THAT could've been a disaster. She thought to herself as she downs the Mountain Dew and runs into the darkness of the night.

"What happened?" The chief asked.

"She's here," replied Officer Todd. "Hemera, the She-devil, is here."

He passes out.

(Five hours after the incident)

Hemera, a twenty year-old demon with a vampire-kind of tan, was walking down a lonely road all by herself. it was nighttime. Picturesque and countryside-like, a single street light illuminated the surrounding isolated area. There was a house on her right with the light and on her left was... well, still a bullet wound but further beyond was a hill leading down to a small river covered with trees. She hugged herself as the cold was finally starting to get to her. Once directly under the light she turns her head to catch her slight reflection in the house's windows.

She stood at five feet eight inches and was a holy sight to behold in her red dress, a demonic apparel that was made to look like regular human clothing. She wore, with it, black heels that were just regular human footwear and a black choker, as it is in popular fashion. She had looked at herself because the house seemed empty and abandoned. Her facial features are perhaps her most valuable assets. He looks cute when she doesn't try and sexy when she does.

I should stop. She thought before striking a pose. But I'm really hot.

With a smile she then continues walking. Not a fourth step into her continuation she felt a sharp pang in her bladder.

"ahh," she moaned quietly. She touches her stomach before tracing her hand down to her crotch, pressing into it slightly. Her smile grows as what she had hoped would happen happens: she'd become desperate for a pee. Almost as soon as the urge struck her her panties became damp from heat. She swings her butt as if she's at her limit while contemplating on what to do next.

Now's not the time, though. I've still got to focus on regenerating my shoulder. Mhm. Then I'll figure out how I want to pee myself. Maybe I should go check out the house while I can. Might be a good place to hide and heal up. Mhm.

She gave herself once hard squeeze before turning back around and heading towards the house.

"Excuse me. Is anybody here?" Well, that was stupid, she thought. There's no way anyone would be living her-. The door opens.

Well, shit.

Behind the door was a tall, young man (most likely in his twenties as well) with blond hair and a... pretty big junk?

No, wait, she thought. That's a colt single action revolver. Damn you, darkness, for besmirching my mind like that.

Just then, another sharp pang struck her bladder. She froze. She thought she must've showed some sort of fear reaction too because the man immediately started apologizing to her.

"Oh my God, I'm so sorry. I just thought you were trying to rob me or someone trying to rob me or something. Here, let me help you."

"Ah." He must be talking about my wound, she thought. He invited her inside. Maybe i should kill him now when he's not looking so I can have the whole house to mysel-.

"You must be hungry. Here, have some food while I go get some gauze," he says as he produces two sticks of bread and half a pitcher of lemonade... weird.

"Thank you." I might as well fill up a bit more for later, she thought to herself as she proceeds to drink the lemonade first, sitting at his dinner table. There were candles in the middle of it that lit up most of the room fairly well but a little too brightly for her taste. An old, gray couch sat diagonally across from her right, facing in the same direction as she is at a very old fireplace. Its coffee table looks way too short to be as useful as a coffee table. It didn't look right at all, the room she was in.

...

... This isn't lemonade.

What, the... ffuuuucccccc... She collapses onto the floor. A small hiss accompanied the sound of her crashing as her bladder emptied itself into her panties and then her dress. Dark yellow rivers run their messy course down the sides of her legs. Some make their way around the curvature of her butt. The puddle stretches across the wooden floor, reaching up to just below where her breasts lie.

(Four hours later)

... Mhm, but I don't want to change into diapers... what the...? She finally wakes up. Where am I...?

"She-devil!" A voice boomed.

Ah, she remembers. What she doesn't remember, though, is the strange feeling of emptiness that she's feeling right now. Uh-oh. She looks down to find herself stained. She blushes deeply.

"You disgust me. You creatures of the night and shadows have no place here on Earth. Hell is where you belong. You..." She couldn't listen to him talk anymore. Her embarrassment was getting the better of her as she squirms around in her chains and shackles. Ah, and she almost forgot about those. She was locked inside a kind of homemade prison cell with only the two sticks of bread the man had given her. How kind.

But how did he figured it out so quickly? She thought to herself.

"Judging by the confusion on your face you must be wondering who I am and how I had beaten you," he says. "I am an angel. My name is Baron the Witchhunter."

This is so embarrassing, Hemera thought. To be caught by a lowly angel who's only a witchhunter! What's worse, I've managed to wet myself in front of him when I should've done so in my own privacy! Her blushing only got deeper and deeper as she feels another urge coming up to her. It would be very soon...

*002*2017-05-23 06:14

*Thanks! I'm also interested in writing other stories and KINDS of stories too so I might go and do just that sometimes. For now, I'm going to see where this is headed...

(1:58 am)

As her eyes slowly adjust to the darkness, Hemera starts to make out her captor's new appearance. Baron was now wearing a silver chainmail armor with a matching silver sword in his right hand and a silver helm as he stands over her. His hips hold a holster with his gun in it, a silver revolver. Aside from the historically scandalous look, she really is kind of scared.

"Wait, what's going to happen to me?" She asked.

He cocked an eyebrow. "What do you mean? Do you really think you could feign innocence to anyone after all you have done? Your fate is for you to be executed and nothing less will satisfy m-."

"What time is it?"

"... If you must know, we are in the second hour of ante meridiem," he answered.

Did he change his speech or something? She thought. Anyway, I've got to get out of here. With that, Hemera shifts both her palms towards Baron and blasts him with a dark shade of linear projection.

"Hahh!"

"Oof!" None other than the sound of speeding air suddenly fills the room for a brief second before disappearing. In an instant, Baron flies backwards across from the cell into a drywall from behind him. The sound of crashing wood pulp thunders through the room.

The ability you've just witnessed is called Light of Nyx, a quasar of a shadow that shreds mortal flesh like paper but can only be used at night.

"Ahh, ahhh... ahhhhh," she breathed heavily. Damn, that was WAY too taxing on my body. I need to take a break. But as soon as she lets her guard drop, a massive wave of unholy desperation hits her bladder.

"Hiii!" She squealed quietly before bending over. Wha-what is this? That move shouldn't have THIS much e-effect on my bladder! She puts her right hand over her quivering pee hole as droplets of her hot pee threaten to escape. Fighting against spasms upon spasms, she readies herself to stand with her left hand on one of the iron bars.

Come on, Hemera, you've got this! A demon like yourself, who strikes fear into the hearts of men, shouldn't even be in this mess!

*Spurt.

Her eyes stretch nearly into ovals as she feels herself losing a bit of control. She blushes heavily. Her dark hair begins to sway in motion with her legs. The faint but lingering smell of pee from before did nothing to help her predicament. Under normal circumstances, she would've enjoyed this oh-so much but now she's in a situation where her pride was on the line. She couldn't uncontrollably wet herself twice!

"Mhmmmm," she whines. Ever so close to her goal of standing, another wave hits. The shock from the surprise causes her to lean towards the cell bars.

Ahh, this is b-bad. I can't even stand by myself anymore. What should I do? Huuuu... w-wait a minute! I need to hold on. What if I use the bar like this....? She positions herself so that she has her crotch pressed firmly against one of the bars. Her dress could not be removed out of the way in time before her sweats start to stain it even further, the gusset of her panties would be the first to drench.

Now that that's taken care of (temporarily, at least), I have to find a way to get out of here. The Light of Nyx only affects the flesh, not inanimate objects. If I want to get out I need to get the Witchhunter's attention.

...

... Oh, that's right, she thoughts. Suddenly, she hears some footsteps. Small and from afar but definite, they were there. Reality finally hits her that she was still positioned rather suggestively.

But i-if I let go, I might... 'l-let go', she thought to herself. Alas, there was no decision to be made, she had to do it. At least, this way, she'd have some privacy to herself. She slowly drops down on her bums and let go.

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Her moaning was a bit louder than she had hoped but it was all so WORTH IT. She didn't even think to pull her dress up or her panties aside before succumbing to the call of nature. Her pee makes a small pool on and between her thighs as the rest soaks her dress once again. Much of it also makes its way down over her pussy, some goes as far as her butt. Needless to say, there was a massive puddle.

"hello?" Asked a tiny little voice, putting an end to the state of bliss that she was in. From the right corner of the room comes a figure of child-like proportions... actually, it is a child. Embarrassment takes over as Hemera understands that she was about to be discovered in (twice) wet clothing.

Huh? Something feels off, she thought. There was something strange about the boy, not particularly about how he looks but more about... his essence. He'd yet to see her. The little boy, appearing to be about eight to ten years old, only seems to notice Baron as he lays still.

"...oh... huh?" Finally, the boy notices Hemera.

As embarrassing as it is, I need this kid's help or I'll never get out of here, she thought.

"Hey there, little guy. Can you help me out?"

"...uhh," he replies.

"It'll only take a second," she said. "Pretty please?"

"What happened?"

"Oh, um, so my friend over here was trying to help me out because a bi-I mean, a... small... witch's cat had trapped me in here. But just before he could open the door, it came back and pounced on his face! That's why he crashed through the wall. But the cat fell too, slipped because... he couldn't hang on. And he disappeared just like that, he disintegrated!" It was, perhaps, the biggest and most difficult to believe lie she had ever told but she was desperate... now in another sense.

"Okay, I believe you," the boy says.

Huh?

"What can I do to help?"

"Oh, uh, I think he may still have the key on him could you check?"

"Sure, no problem. Should I wake him up too?"

"Nonono, that's okay! He really needs his rest."

"Oh, okay... hmm... aha! I've found it!"

"Good job, little guy! Now open this door for me!"

"Sure thing."

YEEESSSSS!!! She thought. As the door opens, she swears she could feel his gaze upon her condition, which extremely embarrasses her, and she blush. Mercifully, he doesn't say anything or ask about it.

"Alright, let's go."

"Wait, hold on."

"Hmm?"

"Can you come with me and my sister?"

"What do you mean? Why?"

"We know you're a demon."

"... What?"

"Yeah."

...

... Why does everyone seems to have a way of detecting demons all of the sudden?

"It'd pleases us greatly if you'd go! We just want to play and we've never played with a demon before."

"Well... you did help me out a bit there."

...

...

"Fine, I'll come along but can you at least tell me what you are?" At the very least, this should be interesting. It's not like I have somewhere to be, anyway.

"I'm a ghost and me and my sister are twins! Come on, she's waiting upstairs in the entryway. She's going to be so surprised! And she loves surprises!"

*004*2017-05-24 09:18

*And we're back to our regularly scheduled posting! By the way, if you guys want to see something happen later on, feel free to ask! and share your opinions!

(2:17 am)

"Hiya! My name is Alex! It's nice to meet you!" Says the little girl standing in the doorway.

"And my name is Alex, too!" Says the boy Alex.

"...uhh..." What were the parents of these kids like? Hemera thought.

"Oh, no. Not the number two! I meant that my name is Alex... too!"

"He meant, 'also'," says the girl Alex, giggling.

"Same difference!" Says the boy Alex, pouting.

"... Well, that's neat...?" They both nod their heads in unison.

"Okay, then. Where do you want to -."

*Gasps. "I know, I know! Let's go to the woods over there and play!" Says the twins, also in unison. Together, they point to the hill sloping downwards from across the house. Giant trees make it so that anyone and/or anything under it would be under a second sky but of shadows. As if on cue by their gazing, branches on the trees move as a soft wind blows eerily through and the air feels colder to the skin (though that might very well be because of Hemera's wetted womanhood, legs, and clothes).

Meh, I've felt worse, she thought to herself.

"Alright, kids. Let's go."

"Yeah!" They replied.

(Thirty minutes later)

Mhm. Although the bullet wound on my shoulder has completely disappeared, I'm still feeling really tired. The regeneration process was supposed to take a toll on my stamina but it should have stopped. Maybe I've overdone it a little with the witchhunter, Hemera thought.

"Hmm? Excuse me, miss," says the girl Alex. "Are you feeling okay?"

Miss? Oh, wait. That's right. I haven't told them my name yet.

"If you need a rest, we'll be okay."

"Nonono, you can't be tired yet! We've still got to play!" Says the boy Alex.

"Don't be so rude! She can't help it if she needs a potty break," says the girl Alex. Hemera immediately blushes at her statement. "She's not like us."

"Oh, okay. If it's a potty break then we can definitely wait for you."

"No, that's not it! I'm just really, really tired and sleepy," Hemera says in her defense.

"But... you said you'd play with us. We've never played with a demon before," says the boy Alex.

"I'm sorry but even demons need their rest. We can play in the morning."

*Groans. "But I don't want to play in the morning!"

"Wait, I think I've got an idea," says the girl Alex.

"What is it?" He asks.

"What if we perform the transformation ritual?"

A transformation ritual? Hemera thought. With her current time, she have had plenty of opportunities to perform a demonic transformation ritual herself but (because she prefers the company of human and her mortal good looks) she had decided not to go through with it. Power was not worth the happiness that she has by finding comfort in kind and exciting strangers. In fact, she wouldn't ever give it up for anything else. Though, as of late, she had been running into trouble with the police of the area.

*Giggles. "We should! You're right, we should!" The boy Alex replies.

*Giggles. "Yeah."

"Wait, what's this ritual about?" Hemera asks.

"It's a transformation ritual that will grant you the passive ability of sleeplessness," she replies.

"Basically, you'll never have to go to sleep again and you'll still feel great!" The boy Alex says.

Amazing! With something like that I'll have saved plenty of time to explore the entire world!

"Let's get started, right away," the girl Alex says. After they've gathered some objects for the ritual (fruits and berries, leaves, pine cones, etcetera) they proceed to the incantation. A brief enchantment later and it was already done.

The ability that Hemera had just gained is called Immortal Embodiment, an ability that allows the user to stay awake for as long as he/she wants until he/she goes to sleep.

"Wow, it works! I don't feel sleepy anymore," Hemera thought.

*Giggles. "Then let's go!" The boy Alex says.

"Let the game begins!" Says his twin.

"Wait, what game? What are the rules? Hey, you guys?" But they are gone. Hide-and-seek it is, then.

Only in the quietness of the trees does Hemera finally realize that she is up against an impossible task: to find two ghosts who are hiding from her. As she approaches a small river, however, her bladder awakens suddenly. Though not a very strong urge, it is there once again.

What? How is this even possible? Is my bladder really that small? She thought to herself. No, of course not. It must be starting to become overactive after everything that had happened back at the house.

Just then, a figure darts out of a bush nearby and closes in on her! Under normal circumstances, she would have no problem dodging a kid trying to scare her. Here, her bladder decides for her that she is going to stand there as the surprise causes her to pee a measurable stream straight onto the front of her dress.

"Ahh!" She yelped while holding on to her pride (or what's left of it) with both of her hands. Then, before she could remember, she falls to the ground with some impact as the boy Alex 'tackles' her (if tackling includes pulling on to another person's clothing). With Hemera down, he goes to hold her in her place while a second figure appears from behind a tree.

W-wait, what are they doing?! She thought. She was quickly answered, though, as the girl Alex jumps on Hemera's left side and begins to tickle her vigorously.

"Hahahahaha, no - please st-stop - hahahaha!" But there simply is no stopping, not even when the faint hiss of Hemera's bladder emptying itself into her panties could be heard as clearly as the current that constantly moves in the river. When the flow finally stops, the twins burst out laughing, uncontrollably too.

"We're - haha - sorry - hahaha!" Said the girl Alex.

"We - hahaha - couldn't help ourselves!" Said her twin.

"The ritual that we did did a little more than end your sleepiness. In return, you had to give up whatever adult control you have over your bladder." Hemera is mortified!

Oh, COME ON! At this rate, I'm going to have to burn this dress! With that thought (and an empty bladder), she then begins to contemplate her revenge plans when all of the sudden, a massive roar rips through the trees.

*RRROOOOOAAAAAAARRRRRRRRR.

*Spurt.

Correction, now she has an empty bladder.

*008*2017-05-26 02:56

*Yeah, it's about time for her bladder to take a break! I was planning on it, too, but was also worrying about how some people doesn't like it. But I want to try for a messing update every two or three posts. This is going to be one of them!

"... what was that?" Asked the girl Alex.

*RRROOOOOAAAAAAARRRRRRRRR, it replies with. To Hemera, somehow, it invokes a familiar feeling - the sound, not the wetness. Yet, she had never heard of such a monstrosity of a roar in the human world.

So this could only mean one thing, she thought to herself.

"It's a demon," says the boy Alex. "And it doesn't want to play."

"We have to get out of here! Come on, miss, you have to get up!" Says his twin, snapping Hemera out of her trance. That's right, she had to get up because, whatever this thing is, it's not family. She gets up on her feet.

"Alright, follow me," she says. "And don't give it any thoughts. Some demons feed on the negative emotions of others and some feed on dark thoughts."

"So... it can't hurt us if we're happy?" Asks the boy Alex.

"Yes." And with that, they start walking. From the opposite of them, the river starts to disappear within the trees. Yet, Hemera couldn't shake off the feeling that she's still being followed.

*Gurgles.

... By another kind of monster.

Oh, no. Not now! She thinks to herself as her bowels start to churn. She hadn't gone in a day and a half but just today, JUST within this decisive hour of life or death, she gets nature's return call. Her butt twitches as a fart escapes her hold.

*Pfffttttt.

It was a long one.

*Snickers.

"Ewww," says the twins between giggles.

///////////////

Hemera is mortified. Not only did she just pass gas but, as she moves along, she could feel quite a skid mark...

Never in my fucking life, she thinks to herself as she blushes aggressively. The twins does nothing to provide her comfort as they snickered away from behind, nearly doubling over just like her. She HAS to void her bowels soon. It is coming like a train on an intestinal track that is heading to her hot-ass Texas, down South, and threatening to cross the border, that is her panties, to visi-.

*Pppfffffttttttt.

//////////////////////////////

That was a much longer one and the great damage is the evidence. She immediately sends her hands back to cover her butt as she could no longer hide her predicament and, as she does so, she feels a small lump through the soggy bottom of her dress. Accidentally, she presses on it, sending shivers up her spine as one of its tips slides (slightly) back in. But in the middle of her VERY personal conflict (shame on you for reading this one and shame on me for writing it), she hears a familiar voice...

"HALT, DEMON! I WILL CUT YOU WHERE YOU STAND!" Bellows a Baron in a ripped chainmail. Where she stands, Hemera is about eye level with his crotch and bending forward with her hands still cupping her backdoor to smelly hell. Slowly, with beads of sweat starting to show, she meets with him eye to eye. Baron seems to be focused on her and her alone but when voices (like snickers) come to quiet, the change in the atmosphere causes him to look around. And he finally meets their gaze.

"Children...? You would even take young, defenseless children to go feed the Darkness?" He questions.

*Gurgles.

She replies. He is not amused.

"Despicable witch! Disgusting wretch! First you waste your water in your own clothes and now you seek to empty your bowels? REVOLTING!" Baron yells.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhh....."

*Gurgles.

"Stop your borborygmus this INSTANT or I will do it for you!"

...

*Pfffttttt.

"THAT'S IT!" He says as he raises his sword and -.

*RRROOOOOAAAAAAARRRRRRRRR.

It shakes off the leaves of the trees surrounding it as the shadow demon steps out from under the shades of the darker shadows. Its eyes, three round eyes, are red and its form is Goliath-like. It is no ordinary shadow demon to Hemera's instincts. It is an EVOLVED shadow demon. And that's too much for Hemera.

"Huuu... ahhh, hahhh... nooo... nnnggg," she grunts in vain as she begins to poop herself. Her butt bounces to a slow descent as her anus opens up and solid wastes sag themselves into her panties. Her eyes begin to water for the first time in a long time while her chest pushes out to let her go more easily. Lastly, she starts to pee herself, too. There is only little but they snake down her legs anyway.

"S-so, this isn't your master, huh?" Asks Baron as he stares the creature down. "You seem incapable of helping me or the children so you shall stay where you are! I will slay this monster before I come for you," he says before flanking the evolved shadow demon on its right.

"Pssst, hey," the girl Alex whispers. Hemera can't turn her head. Being embarrassed makes it too hard for her. The twin doesn't notice it, though, and only think that she is ignoring them.

"Come on, we're sorry for taking it too far. We'll help you restore your adult control, though, we promise!" Says the boy Alex.

...

"We don't have time for this so, really, come on!"

...........

"Dang it, we don't have time for this," says his twin before she reaches up from under Hemera's dress and yank her panties down, causing her to yelp in surprise.

"Hiiiii-!" he cuts her off short by placing his hands over her mouth.

"Look, we know a couple of hiding places that we can go to where you can clean up too so let's go," the girl Alex says before making Hemera step out of her panties and dragging her away.

...

"I want a new pair of panties," she finally says.

*010*2017-05-27 08:38

*So I was thinking about either moving this to the Interactive Stories section as an interactive story or starting a new story that's going to be an interactive story. What do you guys think?

(4:20 am)

"We're here," says the girl Alex as they stand before a normal-looking tree.

It may look like a regular tree but my senses are telling me that there is something more to it, Hemera thinks to herself. "What is it?"

"It's a magical tree!" Says the boy Alex.

...

"It's a memory tree - only accessible by ghosts like us. This one is special because it contains the memories of our home," says the girl Alex.

"Oh, does that mean that you two used to live in the woods?" Hemera asks.

"Yeah! Now let's go."

"Wait, go where?"

"Just grab onto our hands," she says before the three are all holding on to each other. "Here we go." With that, the area surrounding them becomes invaded with a ghostly mist as Hemera suddenly feels impossibly sleepy.

Wait, she thinks. But... how...?

"We're finally back!" Says the boy Alex.

"See that cabin over there...? Oh, she's sleeping," says his twin as she turns around to see Hemera in her state of commando. She is sprawled out, on her back, among the colorful, fallen leaves of autumn (as it was so long ago). Her knees rest on one another in equilibrium as her legs makes a pose that's like she has to hold it in. Her dress is totally useless in hiding anything below her waist.

"Uuu... how shameful," exclaims the girl Alex as she blushes a little bit. "We have to get her inside."

"Wah...? Oh, y-yeah. Of course. Good idea, sis," says her twin, feeling weird all of a sudden. They bring her into their cabin home where they set her on a bed (and the girl Alex covers her up quickly against the boy Alex's indescribable emotion).

"So... what now?" He asks his sister.

"Hmm, I don't know," she replies.

"Wanna play tag?"

"No. Actually, I think we should try to find a way to help her to not pee and poop herself again like we promised."

"How are we going to do that?"

"I don't know. Maybe there's a book on it. Let's go into our room and check together."

"Alright." A candle flickers softly in the bedroom as the twins search for a curse-lifting book together, the daybreak becoming more and more prominent as its light starts to add to the coloration of the cabin.

"Let's see her... Witches Weekly, Witches Illustrated, New Witch Times... nothing," says the girl Alex.

"I can't find anything either," her twin replies.

"What should we do now?"

"Hmm... actually, what about... these?"

"But they don't really help to solve the problem."

"Do you have a better solution?"

"No. Alright, let's do it."

...........

Hemera wakes up slowly with the comfort of the bed that she is in, her pretty (messy) hair sliding across her shoulders as she gets up.

Wait a second, why am I here? She asks no one in particular. Wait another second. Fearfully, she checks the surface of the blanket for a wet spot. Nothing.

"Thank the - wait a minute." She drops a hand down to her crotch to feel.

"WHY THE HELL AM I WEARING A DIAPER?!!!"

"Oh, she's awake," says the boy Alex.

"Did you two do this?"

"Well, we did say that we were going to fix it so... ta-da!" Says the girl Alex.

*Sign.

"Oh, and just to clear up any confusion, you're in the tree that we were looking at before you went to sleep."

"Wait, why did I go to sleep anyway? I thought that ritual was to make me never have to go to sleep again."

"That's what it did but whenever there's two combating types of magic involved, one always goes home the victor. Here, it's the memory tree."

"If that's the case then shouldn't my curse be lifted too?"

"No, that'd be like you're making a fire to keep yourself warm at the cost of some wood but when a gust of wind blows it out, you're then asking to have your firewood back."

///////////////

"It's o-okay if you get mad but we're really sorry and we didn't mean for it to get out of hand! We just wanted to play with you!" Says the girl Alex.

"No, I'm not mad," Hemera replies.

"... Huh?" Barely noticeable, Hemera's fidgeting stops completely.

"I... umm... think I might've... wet my diaper while I was sleeping," she says while blushing a darker shade of red than that of a red leaf on the ground outside the bedroom's window. She is glowing radiant.

"I need a change."

"I can help you!" The boy Alex asks almost enthusiastically.

"I meant that I just need another diaper!"

"Wait, you don't hate them? Why would you want to change into another one?" His twin asks.

"O-of course I hate the! It's just that... ah, I don't want to be indecent by wearing nothing under once we head out again." At this, the girl Alex nods her head in understanding and goes to hand Hemera another diaper.

"By the way, where are these diapers coming from?"

"We grew up here with our mom. We never had much so she studied witch magic to better care for us. If you want, here's a book on how to make your own diapers." And with that, she hands Hemera the book.

"Oh, um, thanks."

"Look, miss, we're really sorry for all the trouble we've caused. Please, take this. It's only one of our mom's many dresses but it's clean," the boy Alex says, handing Hemera a dress now too. Even though it was true that many of her latest misfortunes have come from these kids, she still feels kind of bad for them feeling bad.

"Hey, I'm not really mad, I told you guys. Look, it just wasn't a good time to play but without you... Alex," she points at the boy, "I would still be locked in a cage. And without you... also, Alex," she points at the girl, "I would've been monster chow." At this, the twins smile.

*Phew.

Emotional crisis adverted, Hemera thinks to herself. With a hug from both of them, Hemera decides that it is time for her to get on her way - to return to her other adventure (or find new ones).

"Just focus your mind on a destination and time and the tree will take you there," the girl Alex says.

"Thanks," Hemera replies before closing her eyes and...

*Pssst.

"We didn't hear that!" says the boy Alex.

///////////////

'"Uhhhhh....."

*Facepalm.

Just take me out of here.

*013*2017-05-28 22:10

*"If it ain't broke, don't fix it." I think I'm going to stay with this until we come to a satisfying conclusion before moving on. Also, Hemera still needs her diaper changed...

With a flash, Hemera goes back home.

(Time: ???)

Hemera opens her eyes to a familiar sight. It is her room: a massive, royal bedroom in her two favorite colors (red and black). Around the bed itself are pillars and walls donning her many interests and achievements. A study table hangs from a wall with a bejeweled chair in front of it and, while her eyes lay themselves on this table, she notices something. There, on the table, is her unfinished book about anthropology - the study of humans. She goes over to pick it up and flips through some of its pages.

Ah, it's outdated. I should make the edits after I clean up, she thinks to herself before her right hand makes itself at home, buried between her diaper and womanhood. She couldn't tell which is wetter.

On second thought, they can wait. It's been - ahh - too long since I've had the chance to do this properly.

Shuffling across to the other side of the room (hand in diaper and all), Hemera opens her private refrigerator to find a bottle of a mixture for her secret little fetish: a concoction of hawthorn (and berries), jade dragon tea (very expensive in hell), and succubus magic. Of course, she could only take a sip.

Who knows what might happen if I go ahead and chug this whole thing? And with my bladder still cursed and all, I'd probably be living in my room for the next month!

Hemera takes a drink.

*Gulp.

... Ahh, that hits the spot....... right in my bladder, she thinks to herself before putting the bottle down and grabbing herself with both hands this time. She squirms in place as the potion starts to take effect. Before long, her bladder gives out.

*Pppsssssttttttt.

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh....... huh...? CRAP!

Without warning, Hemera's diaper starts leaking! Little yellow rivers of pee makes their way down her legs as she dances around, trying to cut the current shorter than it could possibly be at this point. Her bladder is in control now and her will no longer holds any jurisdiction over it. In a panic, Hemera grabs the back of her dress between her legs and yanks it up between them, hoping to stop her carpet from getting destroyed.

Uhhhhh, please... please, please..... it's not working! I have to get to the toilet!

With that, she rushes to her private bathroom but it is JUST in time for her stream to die down. She sits on the toilet and relaxes, letting out a barely audible sigh as her bladder completes its duty.

Damn it! I knew I should've changed before I wetted myself. Mhmm. Now what am I going to tell Kylie when she gets here?

And right as she finishes, her hears knocking on her door.

"Mistress? Are you there? The staff and I want to congratulate you on completing your studies," a soft voice says.

"Crap. Don't, uh, worry about it. It was nothing, really," Hemera replies.

"But still, your safe return is surely enough to call for a celebration!"

"T-then I'll see you out in the dinning room in a bit! When I'm ready, yeah!"

"Alright, then we'll be waiting."

*Phew.

Thank you, she says to no one in particular. Now let's see if I can clean up properly. Ah, I should throw away the diaper.

She walks over to her fireplace and throws her soggy diaper in, burning it out of existence in hellish flames. She then goes over to her walk-in closet and picks out her new wardrobe for the day, a pair of black leather pants and underwear and a crimson leather jacket. She also puts on a pair of black boots as well and a necklace her mother had handed down to her, a golden head of a lady with a head of snakes that her father had brought home one night to give to her mother.

Crazy, it's only been two years and yet it feels like a century has passed since - wait, I can't lose focus right now. I need to just hurry up and join up with the others.

Finally, she drags a rug over the wet spot on her carpet and walks out to the dinning room.

"Well, took you long enough," the soft voice speaks again by the doors leading to the dinning room.

"Hey, Kylie. It's good to see you too," Hemera replies.

"Come here." She pulls Hemera in for a hug.

*Sniff, sniff.

"W-why are you crying? I wasn't gone for that long."

"I'm not. It just smells like someone was enjoying herself a little too much from before she got here."

"Oh, shut up." Kylie starts to giggle quietly. "How do you tell anyway?"

"I'm a succubus, babe. I know. Plus, I've already told you, you smell."

"What happened to all the formality from before, 'babe'?" Hemera says as she cocks an eyebrow.

"Oh, hush. If you want, I could go back to calling you "Princess Pottypants.""

//////////////////////////////

"On second thought, I'm okay," she says as the comment brings back years worth of embarrassing moments about her. Sometimes she forgets that Kylie is older than her by two years (as Kylie's twenty two years old). Her skillful teasing reminds Hemera today.

"Good. Now, are you ready?"

"Yeah, let's get this over with already. I've got to get back to writing my book."

"Writing a book? Sure," Kylie says sarcastically.

"Hey, fuck you."

Together, the two joins up with the whole as they proceed to eat, talk, and (most dangerous for Hemera of all) drink. Within thirty minutes, her bladder is full once again. She shifts around in her seat as Kylie takes notice and starts to tease her innocently or, in other words, without the others knowing.

"But, my mistress, surely you were mistaking something else for that dreaded shadow demon," says Lucas the Minotaur.

"Yeah, nah. I saw it with my own eyes. From the glowing red pupils to the ominous air," Hemera says as her legs jiggle under the dinner table. "It was definitely a shadow demon."

"Oh, you poor thing! That must've been a terrifying experience for you to go through! But I bet you were so brave. Why, if I had been in that situation, I probably wet myself!" Hemera's right eye twitches at the comment.

"And I would've probably done something worse! Hahaha!" Lucas says, giving off a hearty laughter for his own humor. Hemera's mouth forms a little O as her floodgates threaten to open.

"Oh, yes, and how did you fare with taking care of your... ah, 'business'? Being on the road usually promotes... unsavory instances where you do need to take care of it in 'creative ways'," Kylie says with a smirk on her face.

Oh, she is enjoying this WAY too much, Hemera thinks to herself.

"Now hold on, Kylie. Mistress, you needn't to say such personal things. I apologize for the maid's impoliteness," says Lucas before Hemera shoots Kylie a look of victory.

Yeah, apologize!

*Spurt.

Hemera's eyes are wide as she feels her panties dampened. She is getting turned on but, at the same time, it is incredibly embarrassing. A trip to her room is exactly what the doctor orders for her now.

"It's fine. Well, you know what? I'm getting tired. Tell Mr. Bill thanks for the food and it was great. I'll be in my room." And with that, Hemera makes her exit.

Tsk, tsk, tsk. This won't do, Kylie thinks to herself as she rubs her pussy from under the table.

"I'm going to go apologize to the mistress, clean up in the meantime for me?" She asks.

"Sure. You're coming back, though, right?" He asks.

"Yeah, don't worry. I won't take long."

###

Hemera is just about to enter her room when Kylie shows up again.

"Hey," Kylie says.

"Hey. What do you want?" Hemera says as she shakes in response to a wave of desperation.

"I want to play."

"Well, in case you haven't noticed, I'm not in a state to play right now. Go away."

"But who else am I suppose to go to when I'm not even ready to play by myself? Come on, it's going to be fun," Kylie says teasingly as she moves closer.

"What game?"

"I'm glad you're interested. So here are the rules: we will walk over to my room where I will produce thirty teacups. Your challenge is to pee in all thirty cups WITHOUT spilling more than what you put in. You'll be required to completely empty your bladder. If you win, I'll do whatever you want, humiliating or health-concerning or not. If you lose, you will wet yourself in front of me while wearing my maid outfit."

"... You really don't mince words, do you?"

"Nope!"

"Fine, I accept your challenge!"

With that, they head over to the super massive staff hall of Hemera's subordinates. There is a large line for the women's bathroom with some maids dancing in their own little spot.

"I take it that that's your doing?" Hemera asks.

"Yup!" Kylie replies cheekily.

"You're so sick."

"Right back at you, babe."

///////////////

I really hate being called that word.

When they finally arrive at Kylie's room, Hemera notices that there is already three long lines of teacups on Kylie's coffee table.

"Horny succubus," Hemera says.

"That's like calling a mermaid fishy. It just doesn't make sense for an insult. Now, do you need help taking off your pants, Princess Pottyp-."

"THAT is getting old." Hemera unbuttons her pants and lowers them down to her knees as she stands over the coffee table. She goes to remove her panties when suddenly...

"Uh, what do you think you're doing?"

"What? This is me doing our bet... isn't it?"

"Umm, not quite," Kylie says before yanking Hemera's panties back up (a little too far, too, giving her a bit of a wedgie) and leading her by the panties over to a bucket in Kylie's bedroom.

"You think it would be THAT easy? I actually want to be a part of this, mind you. Now, spread your legs," Kylie says as she moves the panties out of the way. Hemera decides that she would do as she's told. Dancing slightly in desperation, she moves her legs apart from each other. "I'm going to be holding up these teacups one by one. If you pee anywhere else besides right into them, the bucket's going to catch it."

Hemera's face goes white with fear as she finally realizes the worst part of the challenge. She was never any good at holding for long and with the twins' curse in effect, there is a great chance that she might not make it.

"So, are we ready?" Kylie asks. Hemera's bladder spurts in response and the pee lands... in the bucket.

Crap, she thinks to herself.

"Oops. I guess you're a little more than ready. Start as you wish." Hemera immediately bursts as a torrent of pee flies straight over the teacup and splashes itself in Kylie's face before it slows to a quivering flow that Hemera could barely contain.

"Ahh! Sorry, sorry! Mhmmmm, pleasegetthenextcupalreadyI'mreallygoingtogo!" She exclaims in panic while Kylie smiles before slowly putting the overflowing teacup down and putting the next one up close against Hemera's hot pussy. Like this, they continue for a while until the last four teacups.

"Ahhh! No, no, no, no, no! Come on! Nggghhhhh!" She struggles as her bladder, once again, dominates her very being. Her legs drop her down to just above the bucket as her bladder empties itself into it. Finally, Hemera gives in to the pleasure of her relief and moans to herself as if she's in no other presence but her own.

"Wow, that was... fun," says Kylie as she starts to feel horny herself.

Huh.....? Did... I do it...? Hemera could barely think to herself. She begins to look down... and her face turns white again.

T-that much? No w-way...

"Alright, Mistress. Let's see what we've got!"

