Maggie's Poorly Planned Experiment

Author: desperatebabe

*000*2020-04-08 15:38

This story is kind of a part two to my last story, Maggie's Desperate Afternoon. You definitely don't need to read that one to understand this one, but it does build on things. It's also inspired by my own experience when first getting into omorashi and actually allowing myself to indulge in holding. Hope you enjoy Also, I'm out of ideas for how to continue. Any requests/ideas would be appreciated (even if it's a new character/storyline!)

###

Maggie subtly stepped from, foot to foot as she finished up her last 5 minutes on cash. She glanced at her empty water bottle and groaned inwardly. It had really caught up to her. She wasn't quite desperate yet, but it was definitely becoming difficult to stand still and focus on her job.

She tightly crossed her long, slender legs and smiled at a customer as she handed them change. 5 minutes seemed like forever.

She had actually been planning this... but she didn't think she'd have to go this badly so quickly. She thought back to last month's near accident after work and remembered how it felt. She was embarrassed to admit to herself that she liked something about it. She was a very competitive person, and she was determined to see what her true breaking point was. She'd held from time to time at home since then, but always caved and let herself pee before getting truly desperate. Today was going to be different though.

Her plan was to skip the bathroom break after work, and get home quicker than last time, then hold for as long as she could. However, her need was growing quite quickly and she was beginning to doubt her ability to get home without embarrassing herself.

2 minutes left. She was ringing through her last customer. She scanned a 24 case of water and felt her bladder swell. She tightly recrossed her legs and bobbed in place. She definitely couldn't hold it until she got home. She felt disappointed in herself, but thought up another plan. She'd allow herself to go at work, but she'd have to drink an energy drink and a bottle of water before she left. That way she'd be desperate again by the time she got home, but wouldn't risk a public accident.

She rang through the last couple items in the customer's order and told them their total.

"Credit" the customer said.

He seemed to take forever to punch in his pin. The thought of getting relief soon seemed to have made Maggie's need 10x worse. She hopped from foot to foot and bit her lip as she waited for the transaction to be approved. Finally the receipt started printing. She handed it to the customer and rushed off to the back room.

She darted into the washrooms and into a stall. She got her panties down just before a powerful stream of pee flooded out of her and into the toilet. She sighed with relief. She was not expecting to be so desperate so quickly.

Then she remembered her original plan of holding until she got home and felt disappointed with herself. Could she have held it? Probably not, but she felt like she should have at least tried.

She washed her hands and punched out for the day.

It was just after 3:30 when she got back to the front checkouts and picked out her energy drink. She paused in front of the cooler, contemplating what brand and size of water to buy. Then she spotted a large can of iced tea and opted for that instead. She paid for her items and headed for the door.

It had become unseasonably warm in the last week. It was only mid March, which was normally below freezing in her city in Canada, but today the temperature was above zero and it felt like Spring. She decided to have her drinks on a bench at a nearby park.

She drained the last few drops of her iced tea by 4:00. She was enjoying the sun on her face and was really taking her time. Then she remembered her plan and chugged back her energy drink. About 1.5L of fluid down. She felt full and a bit uncomfortable. She wondered how long it would be before the liquid made its way through her body. An hour? Two? Should she wait at the park for a bit to give it a chance to pass through her? Probably.

She knew if she got home before the point of being really desperate she'd be less likely to hold on for longer, and more likely to to give in and let herself use the washroom. She needed to find a sweet spot of being desperate enough in public with no access to a bathroom, but not so desperate that her need was obvious to those around her. Then she'd get home and hang out in her back yard for a bit. That way she'd be close to a bathroom, just in case, but it wasn't immediately available.

She wasn't sure at this point if she was going to wet her pants, or if she'd just hold it until she felt she was at her true breaking point. She was conflicted, but figured she'd decide later...or the decision would be made for her later.

Anyway. She decided to wait in the park until she felt the first signals from her bladder. Then she'd have a roughly 10 minute walk to the bus stop, and a 30 minute bus ride, then a 5 minute walk home after that. She knew with all the fluid she consumed she'd get desperate pretty quickly.

She pulled out her book and began to read. It was 4:45 when she realized she'd been unconsciously crossing her legs. She'd been so into her book that she hadn't realized her bladder had been sending signals of filling up. She decided she'd better head out before things got more intense.

She stood up and felt the fullness in her bladder. For a second she doubted herself and her ability to hold on for the next 45 minutes, but she shrugged it off and made her way to the bus stop.

By the time she reached her stop her need had really grown. She stood by the sign and crossed her legs tightly and bobbed in place. There weren't many people around, but she still felt embarrassed and wanted to remain as subtle as possible. She glanced at her watch while she stepped from foot to foot , then recrossed her legs and bent forward slightly. 35 more minutes. I can do this.

Just then her bus pulled up. She smiled with relief and climbed on. The few stairs were a challenge, but at least she was on her way home.

She took a seat and tightly crossed her legs. She pulled out her book and started reading, hoping it would provide the same distraction it did earlier.

25 minutes later and she was deeply tuned into her book. Her legs were tightly crossed and she was squirming in her seat, but at least she wasn't thinking only of her need.

All of a sudden she heard a bang and the bus jerked to the side. She almost lost control with the suddenness of the movement, but managed to keep it together.

The bus pulled onto the shoulder of the road and completely stopped moving. What is happening. No no no this is not part of the plan.

The driver announced that the bus had a flat tire. Everyone was to exit the bus and wait for a replacement, which would be there in about 15 minutes.

Maggie did as she was told and left her seat, but she was freaking out. She thought she was going to be home in less than 10 minutes. She was not prepared to wait 15 minutes for a replacement bus.

She couldn't stand still. She started pacing around the area while contemplating what to do. She could walk home from here, it was about 15 minutes. It would probably be faster than waiting for the bus. And people would be less likely to catch onto her need if they were just passing her on the street, rather than spending 15 minutes with her. She was sure she wouldn't be able to remain discreet in the next 15 minutes.

With that she took off in the direction of her house. Walking was helping a bit, just like last time, but every time she came to a crosswalk/stoplight and had to stop moving, well she couldn't stop moving. She hopped from foot to foot and wiggled in place, almost giving up on subtleties with how desperate she was becoming. She of course didn't want anyone to catch on to her predicament, but she was also beginning not to care as long as she made it to the privacy of her own home dry. She definitely regretted drinking so much, and waiting at the park for so long, and honestly just regretted her whole situation.

She was nearly home when she was hit with an unimaginable wave of desperation. She was forced to stop walking and tightly cross her legs as a small drop of pee escaped. Oh my god oh my god no. I have to make it home. She resisted the urge to shove a hand in her crotch and pretended to look through her purse as she regained composure. She took a shallow, quick breath and began walking again, slow and steady.

She felt the dampness in her panties and felt her face flush, grateful she didn't lose more, but embarrassed none the less.

She was within a block of her home and reached into her purse for her keys--which were thankfully there this time--then thought about what to do next.

Option 1: Give up and go to the bathroom--it would feel so good, but she didn't love the idea of giving up.

Option 2: head inside where she could be completely alone, and hold to the point of wetting. Tempting, but the idea of clean up kind of grossed her out.

Option 3: hold on for 15 more minutes in her backyard. Then she'd still have a definite challenge of remaining dry for 15 minutes, but would be outside juuust in case she didn't make it. Plus if she did hold on, she'd have the added challenge of making it through her house and upstairs to the bathroom. This seemed like the best option. She knew she'd be satisfied with herself by the end.

She walked around the block to her backyard, and as soon as she opened the gate she immediately doubled over and shoved both hands into her crotch, which felt damp. She was wearing light grey plaid trousers and hoped there wasn't a wet patch. Although at this point she supposed it didn't matter, because no one could see her.

She realized she'd started sweating with the effort to hold it all back, and decided 15 minutes was impossible. She'd start with 5 and go from there.

She frantically paced around her backyard, both hands in her crotch, pausing every so often to cross her legs as she was overcome with waves of desperation. She felt her body give out for a second, and a trickle of pee escaped her urethra and soaked her hands.

No. I can't do this anymore. Not even for 5 minutes. This is enough. I'm giving up.

She raced to her back door and frantically hopped from foot to foot as she dug in her purse for her keys and tried to unlock the door. More pee was escaping. She was holding back with all her might, but every few seconds it slowly leaked out, no matter what she did.

She'd just got the door unlocked, and felt her body completely give in. She could feel warmth spreading down the back of her legs.

Oh my god I can't believe this.

She buried both hands in her crotch and crouched down and did manage to stop the flow, but only just, and not before a small puddle formed on her back porch.

She didn't feel any relief yet. In fact, losing control and letting some pee out seemed to have only made her need worse. There was no way she'd make it upstairs to the bathroom, and she really didn't want to clean up a mess in her house.

She quickly trotted off her porch and beside her shed. She'd lost control again before getting her panties down, but at least her pants were out of the way. She squatted and peed through her underwear and onto the ground below. She couldn't believe how badly she had to go in such a short time. She sighed with relief and leaned back against the shed.

Her whole body was trembling, her face was hot and sweaty. Any embarrassment she should have been feeling was replaced with satisfaction. She'd done it. She'd definitely reached her breaking point this time.

What's next? She thought to herself.

