The Desperate Estate Agent (female desperation & wetting)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2022-02-19 16:48

Kyla swore under her breath, staring at the red light, willing it to turn to green. She tapped her hands on her thighs in frustration, leaning forwards in the driver’s seat of the fancy company car belonging to the high-end real estate agency she worked for. 'Oh come on, hurry up’ she muttered, before it finally changed and she sped off down the road, only to have to stop once more at yet another set of traffic lights, much to her annoyance. She was running late to an appointment with a very important new client, who she knew only as Mr Jones.

Kyla didn’t know very much about him, only that he was a managing partner at a small but successful local law firm, and that he owned an impressive property portfolio which he was looking to expand with some new luxury apartments and newly renovated houses which had come onto the market in the last few days. Kyla was in for a huge commission if she could show Mr Jones a few of the properties and make a sale, but was in danger of losing it altogether if she didn’t get to the appointment ASAP.

She squirmed in her seat, staring at the light which was staying stubbornly red. Her lateness wasn’t the only reason for her impatience though. She squeezed her thighs tightly together, moaning softly under her breath, wriggling yet again before the light changed to green and she drove on. Kyla was absolutely bursting to go for a wee. It had been an extremely busy day, and she had been out on appointments since 9am that morning. She hadn’t been able to take a single break, not even for the loo, and she’d had to pee for hours. As it was a warm day she had made sure to stay well hydrated, and the 2 litre bottle of water she had brought with her in the car was now almost empty.

She’d also politely accepted several cups of tea and coffee from clients during the day, which she was now really regretting. She turned into the road and pulled up outside the block of brand new luxury apartments, where her first viewing with Mr Jones was scheduled. She glanced at her Apple watch – 4.13pm. She was almost 15 minutes late, not a good first impression. She stepped out of the car, wincing slightly as she felt the waistband of her tights squeezing her very full bladder, locking it and hurrying up to the front door of the apartment building.

For a brief moment, Kyla thought that she might actually just have time to run in and quickly use the loo before the viewing, as Mr Jones hadn’t arrived yet. As she was fiddling around with the keys, she heard a car door close and the sound of footsteps walking up the path behind her. She heard a male voice call her name, and she turned around, smiling confidently.

‘Good afternoon, you must be Mr Jones’ she said, looking at the handsome, smartly dressed man walking towards her. ‘How are you?’ she asked, as Mr Jones walked up to her and shook her hand. ‘Fine thank you Kyla, how are you doing?’ he replied, smiling back at her. Kyla noticed him give her an appraising look up and down. Dressed professionally in a patterned blouse from Boohoo, a tight black miniskirt from PLT, black tights and smart black ballet flats, Kyla knew that she looked the part. The attractive 21 year old was used to attention from men, and she was determined to use her natural charm and selling ability to convince Mr Jones to make an offer on one of the properties. If only she could push the pressing, desperate urge to relieve her bladder to the back of her mind, she thought grimly as she crossed her legs as casually as possible.

‘I’m very well, thank you. I must apologise for being a few minutes late, Mr Jones, we’re incredibly busy at the moment and I’ve been back-to-back since 9 o’clock this morning. We’re the number one rated agency in the area, after all.’ She couldn’t help but bob a little on the spot, uncrossing her legs and moving from foot to foot before crossing them again, trying not to make it too obvious that her bladder was uncomfortably full. ‘I’m confident that you’ll be impressed with the properties that I have lined up for you to view this afternoon. As my client, your needs are extremely important to me’. It was a tried and tested line, and it seemed to work. He smiled, glancing down at her crossed legs for a moment before meeting her eye. ‘Sounds good, I’m very much looking forward to it. Shall we go inside?’ she said, and Kyla nodded. ‘Of course’ she replied, unlocking the door and leading him to the lift, pressing the button for the top floor.

The brand-new penthouse apartment was beautiful and spacious, and Kyla had a feeling that Mr Jones was quietly impressed. He asked question after question, and she did her best to answer them all, occasionally needing to refer back to her notes. For the most part, she was able to keep her composure despite her increasingly desperate need to use the bathroom, although at one point while showing him one of the bedrooms she realised that she had been pacing around rather a lot, and had to really force herself to stand still, crossing her legs very tightly as she pressed her thighs together.

After about 30 minutes, Mr Jones seemed satisfied and asked to move onto the next property. Just before leaving, Kyla glanced at her watch. It was just after 4.45pm. She still had two more properties that she wanted to show Mr Jones, and she was trying to work out just how long she still had to wait before she could finally use the loo back at the office. She probably wasn’t going to be back at the office until well after 6pm, possibly closer to 6.30pm if the traffic was bad or the viewings took longer than expected (which was extremely likely, she thought to herself, given how thorough Mr Jones had been at the first viewing). She had no idea how she was going to hold on that long, given that she was already struggling to stay professional and keep her composure.

She looked back into the apartment, staring longingly towards the bathroom. Kyla had never once used the toilet during a property viewing with a client. The agency took pride in their reputation for professionalism and such behaviour would reflect very poorly on them. But she had never had to wait for so long before. She had often arrived back at the office bursting for the loo after hours of viewings, as had many of her colleagues, but she was already far more desperate for a wee than she had ever been before, with two more viewings still to finish with a very thorough and attentive client. For the briefest of moments, she considered asking Mr Jones to excuse her for a minute while she quickly used the bathroom, but she realised that doing so would be extremely unprofessional and she may even find himself in trouble with the head of the agency. No, she would bite her lip and hang on until the viewings were over, no matter how badly she wanted to pee.

Kyla locked up and they both headed down in the lift, back to the car. As Mr Jones had been dropped at the property by his assistant, Kyla offered to drive him to the next viewing. The journey took around 15 minutes, most of which was spent sitting in queuing traffic. Kyla tried her best to sit still and not squirm around too much as the car crawled forwards in the queue, chatting politely about the property market in the area, but she was finding it incredibly difficult. If she had been driving on her own, she would have probably spent most of the journey wriggling in her seat and looking out for somewhere on the way where she could run in quickly and use the loo, but with Mr Jones sitting next to her in the front passenger seat, there was absolutely nothing she could do to ease her discomfort.

Part of her hoped that he may have even noticed her predicament, especially given what she said earlier about being out on back-to-back viewings all day, and would ask her if she’d like to stop off for a short comfort break. Unfortunately for Kyla, he didn’t mention a break at all, and instead seemed eager to get to the next property.

Eventually, they pulled up outside a large, detached house on a private estate. Once again, Mr Jones seemed quietly impressed at the size and splendour of the building, which had been recently renovated to very high standards. They went inside and Kyla took him from room to room, and although she was very knowledgeable about the house, her desperate need to pee was becoming a huge distraction and she kept losing her train of thought, or forgetting certain details such as what material the kitchen worksurfaces were made of. Even just standing still and not dancing on the spot was becoming extremely difficult, and she found herself frequently bouncing up and down on her tiptoes, crossing and uncrossing her legs, or stepping from foot to foot, biting her lip in desperation.

They spent quite some time viewing the upstairs bedrooms, of which the house had several. Mr Jones clearly had very high standards and spent a lot of time inspecting the rooms, measuring up for furniture and making notes of his own, much to Kyla’ frustration. A couple of times she had risked bending over with her legs crossed while standing behind him, only to have to quickly straighten up as he turned around to ask her something. Her composure was slipping now and she was beginning to wonder whether she’d be able to hold on until they finally made it back to the office. Showing him the bathrooms, of which the house had several, was incredibly difficult as she was constantly being teased by the sight of the toilet, and several times she almost asked Mr Jones if he wouldn’t mind waiting while she very quickly ‘freshened up’. But she continued holding in her wee, her legs tightly crossed, determined to remain professional despite the almost overwhelming pressure in her bladder.

Once Mr Jones was finally satisfied that he had seen everything, they went back downstairs and prepared to leave. Kyla glanced at her watch. The viewing had taken much longer than she was expecting, as it was now almost 6pm. The next property was only just down the road, probably 10 minutes away, but even so, she realised that there was absolutely no way that she was going to make it through the final viewing and back to the office without going for a wee first. She had never had to pee this badly in her entire life, and her bladder felt like it was going to explode. Despite her efforts to remain professional and composed, it was now becoming almost impossible and she genuinely didn’t know how much longer she could last. Besides, wetting herself in front of a very important client (which was quickly becoming a real possibility) would be far more unprofessional than quickly excusing herself to use the bathroom, she thought to herself.

Mr Jones stood by the front door, looked expectantly at Kyla. ‘Ready to go?’ he asked with a smile, and she hesitated before replying. She was extremely shy about admitting her predicament, especially to a client, but at that moment she saw no other option. ‘I’m so sorry Mr Jones, I know this is really unprofessional of me, but do you mind if I very quickly go to the loo? I wouldn’t usually go during a viewing, but I’ve been waiting all day, and well… to be honest with you, I’m absolutely desperate.’ She crossed her legs and bobbed on the spot, struggling to keep her composure, her cheeks burning with embarrassment.

‘I don’t mind at all, Kyla. When you’ve gotta go, you’ve gotta go!’ Mr Jones said, a cheeky grin on his face, much to her relief. She had wondered whether he would be annoyed by her lack of professionalism, but in fact, he actually seemed to find her predicament rather amusing. Kyla smiled back, jiggling on the spot. ‘Thank you so much, Mr Jones. I’ll be back shortly. Sorry again.’ She turned and hurried back up the stairs towards the master bathroom, biting her lip. ‘Need a wee, need a wee, need a wee’ she muttered to herself as she hurried inside and shut the door, quickly stepping over to the toilet and opening the lid.

She hurriedly unzipped her tight miniskirt, pulling it down to her thighs. She was just about to pull down her tights and knickers when she noticed something odd. The bathroom suite was obviously brand new, having been upgraded as part of the refurbishment, but there was no water in the bottom of the toilet. She tried flushing, and although she heard the clunk of the mechanism, no water appeared. Quickly, she walked over to the sink, her skirt still round her thighs, and tried both taps, but no water came out. She tried the bath taps for good measure, with the same result.

She swore under her breath, yanking her skirt back up. Why hadn’t it occurred to her that the water to the property might be switched off? She had been so focused on trying to maintain her composure in front of Mr Jones while excusing herself that she hadn’t even thought about the possibility of not actually being able to pee. She sighed, tucking her blouse into her skirt and zipping it up, biting her lip as she stepped from foot to foot. She had no choice but to try and hold on and finally use the loo at the next property.

Kyla left the bathroom and headed back down the stairs, where Mr Jones was waiting for her. ‘Relieved?’ he asked cheekily, and Kyla shook her head. ‘Erm…well… unfortunately not, Mr Jones. The water to the property appears to be turned off, so I couldn’t… erm…’ she trailed off, extremely embarrassed at her predicament. ‘You couldn’t use the loo?’ he asked, sounding surprised. She shook her head again, crossing her legs. ‘Oh no, Kyla… how frustrating’ he said sympathetically, glancing down at her crossed legs for a moment before meeting her eye. ‘Are you going to be OK?’ he asked her, sounding concerned. She nodded. ‘Yes, Mr Jones, I’ll be fine. I can manage until we get to the next property. Thank you for asking, though.’ Kyla knew that she was going to have to run to the loo the moment they arrived, she just hoped that she could wait that long.

Fortunately, it wasn’t too far away, but even so, there were some traffic delays due to some roadworks and temporary traffic lights. As they sat in the queue waiting for the lights to change, Kyla was struggling to maintain her composure. In fact, all of her concentration was on making it to the next house without having a very embarrassing wetting accident and totally soaking her skirt, underwear and tights, as well as the car seat. ‘Oh my God, come onnnn’ she muttered as they inched forwards a few feet and then stopped once more, unable to hide her frustration.

She jiggled her legs and moaned softly under her breath, placing one hand up high between her thighs and squeezing them together, very tightly. She glanced at Mr Jones, who was looking out at the long queue of the traffic in front of them. He looked over at her, glancing down at her legs for a moment before meeting her gaze, giving her a sympathetic smile. Kyla blushed as she realised that her skirt had ridden up and was revealing rather more of her legs than was appropriate.

She removed her hand from between her thighs and wriggled around as she tried to pull her skirt down a bit, her cheeks flushed from embarrassment. ‘Nothing worse than traffic when you’re dying for the loo’ he said jokily, filling the awkward silence, and she forced a smiled. ‘Oh God, I know. I do apologise, Mr Jones… this is so unprofessional of me’ she muttered, wriggling around in her seat as she inched the car forward a little more. He shook his head. ‘You don’t have to apologise, Kyla, it’s not your fault. You really should be allowed a loo break when you’re out on appointments all day… when did you last go?’ he asked her. Kyla thought for a moment, slightly taken aback by his directness.

‘Erm… about 6 o’clock this morning, when I woke up’ she answered truthfully. She let go of the steering wheel and squirmed awkwardly in her seat again, trying to move the seatbelt which had been pressing uncomfortably on her very full bladder. ‘Blimey… that’s more than 12 hours ago. No wonder you’re desperate, Kyla’ Mr Jones said as he glanced at his watch, sounding genuinely surprised. He looked up again at the traffic in front of them. ‘I don’t mind if you wanted to stop off somewhere, you know, for a comfort break’ he said helpfully, but Kyla shook her head. ‘Thank you, Mr Jones, but I’m fine to wait until we get to the house, honestly. It shouldn’t be too much longer’ she said, trying to sound relaxed, although there was a noticeable edge to her voice. She had actually already thought about stopping, but she couldn’t think of anywhere suitable close by. The traffic in front of them finally started moving, and she bit her lip as she gripped the steering wheel again and drove on.

After a few more frantic minutes, they finally pulled into the private road and parked up outside the house, which was somehow even larger and grander than the previous one they had viewed. They walked quickly up the garden path to the front door, Kyla leading the way. She couldn’t help but cross her legs and bob on the spot as she tried to unlock the door. ‘Come on, come on’ she muttered in frustration, trying several keys before finally finding the right one and opening the door. The house was beautiful and extremely spacious inside, but all Kyla cared about at that precise moment was finally going for a wee. ‘Feel free to look around Mr Jones, I’ll just be a moment’ she said breathlessly. ‘Of course’ he replied, watching as Kyla hurried up the stairs.

Kyla hurried across the large landing, accidentally walking into a couple of bedrooms before finally finding the large, luxurious master bathroom. Closing the door behind her, she unzipped her skirt as she rushed towards the toilet, before tugging it down and letting it fall to the floor around her feet. She was finally, at long last, going to be able to pee. She reached down, and opened the lid of the toilet. ‘Oh you have got to be fucking joking’ she muttered, wanting to scream in frustration. Just like in the previous house, the toilet was brand new, but there was no water at all in the bowl. The owners must have turned off the water supply. Poor Kyla was far more desperate than ever before in her entire life, standing in one of the most grand bathrooms she had ever seen with her bladder on the brink of exploding, but there was nowhere for her to wee!

Kyla gasped as she felt a sudden spurt of warm pee soak into her knickers, and she quickly bent over and pressed a hand between her legs, letting out a quiet moan of desperation as she pressed her thighs together, clamping down over her fingers like a vice. She closed her eyes for a moment, willing herself to regain control, her heart pounding. It was like her long-suffering bladder had sensed that she was standing right in front of the toilet and was demanding release. After a few seconds, Kyla felt like she was in control again. She slowly straightened up and removed her hand from between her legs, running it gently over her abdomen. Her bladder was so plump and swollen that it was causing the material of her tights to stretch, and made her look several months pregnant.

Kyla closed the lid of the toilet and yanked her skirt back up, moaning softly as she felt it compressing her bladder as she fastened the zipper. She had absolutely no choice now but to try and hold on until they were back in the office. Given how thorough Mr Jones had been at the previous viewings, Kyla knew that it was still going to be at least another hour before she could go for a wee. The thought of waiting that long made her want to cry. She could feel the dampness of her knickers between her legs, and she could hardly imagine holding on for another 5 minutes, let alone a whole hour or more.

Kyla left the bathroom and walked slowly back downstairs, trying not to jolt her bladder too much. She walked through the large, open-plan living space before reaching the kitchen, where Mr Jones was looking at the appliances and making some notes. ‘So sorry, Mr Jones. We’ll proceed with the viewing now’ she said, her voice slightly strained as she crossed her legs. She was making a monumental effort to maintain control of her bladder. He turned around, smiling as he walked towards her. ‘No problem’ he said brightly, looking around at the wide open kitchen space.

Kyla uncrossed her legs and danced from foot to foot as she opened her notebook and flicked through the property notes, biting her lip and jiggling up and down as she struggling to find the right page. ‘Did you not… erm…you know…go for a pee?’ Mr Jones asked awkwardly, clearly noticing that she couldn’t stand still. She felt her cheeks reddening once again as she realised how unprofessionally she was acting. ‘Unfortunately not, Mr Jones. The water supply has been turned off here as well’ she answered quietly, clearly extremely embarrassed at her predicament.

‘Oh god’ he said quietly. She bit her lip again as she stood on one leg for a moment, pressing her thighs together. ‘Are you going to be OK?’ Mr Jones asked her, sounding genuinely concerned. She nodded assertively. ‘Yes, Mr Jones, I’ll be fine. I’ll just have to hang on until we’re back in the office’ she said, as casually as possible, but her voice was trembling slightly with the effort of keeping her muscles clenched. She sighed under her breath and re-crossed her legs as tightly as she could, determined to get through the viewing without an embarrassing accident.

Kyla showed Mr Jones the downstairs first, taking him around the kitchen and the numerous sitting rooms. She was barely able to concentrate on her notes now, and almost all of her attention and focus was on holding in her wee. Standing still was almost impossible, and she was unable to disguise her frantic ‘need a wee’ dance as she constantly stumbled over her words or lost her place on the page. At one point, while showing Mr Jones the spacious living room and telling him about the expensive refurbishments, she had felt herself leak into her knickers again as she lost control of her overfull bladder for just one short moment, followed seconds later by a second, longer spurt.

Kyla stopped talking abruptly and bent over, crossing her legs tightly and moaning under her breath with the effort to hold on. ‘I’m really sorry, Mr Jones’ she muttered, slowly straightening up after managing to regain control. ‘It’s absolutely fine, Kyla. You must be bursting’ he replied calmly, watching her with concern. Her underwear felt very, very damp now, and she was sure she could feel a dribble of wee slowly teasing its way down her inner thigh, soaking into her tights.

After much more desperate squirming, jiggling, dancing and leg crossing, Kyla managed to finish showing Mr Jones the remaining downstairs rooms without any further leaks. It was time to see the upstairs, and she knew that it was going to be incredibly difficult to finish the viewing and make it back to the office without letting any more wee escape from her swollen bladder. She knew that she had no choice but to try, even though her muscles were beginning to tire and her voice was trembling slightly with the effort of waiting.

It was now just after 6.30pm, more than 12 and a half hours since she had last had a wee first thing that morning. She thought back to all of the huge mugs of tea and coffee that various clients had made for her throughout the day, as well as all of the water she had gulped down in her car between appointments. She could picture all of that liquid now sitting inside her bladder, stretching it out to the size of a watermelon, and tried not to imagine how incredible it would feel to finally let it all out.

They went upstairs and started with the luxurious master bedroom with en-suite bathroom, and Mr Jones spent quite a bit of time taking detailed notes and measurements. Kyla took the opportunity to pace around, occasionally walking back onto the landing in order to bend over and reach under her skirt to hold herself again, crossing her legs tightly and closing her eyes, moaning quietly under her breath in desperation as she willed herself to continue holding on. At one point, she even wandered into the en-suite bathroom and checked the toilet, hoping that there might be some slim chance that there was enough water in the cistern to flush it, but just like the master bathroom, the toilet was brand new with no water in the bowl.

Finally, Mr Jones was satisfied and they moved onto the next bedroom. ‘I’ll be as quick as I can, Kyla’ he said quietly, watching her as she crossed her legs again in a vain attempt to stand still. She shook her head. ‘Please, feel free to take as much time as you need, Mr Jones. You’re my client, after all, and I don’t want to rush you’ she replied breathlessly, bobbing and bending forwards slightly in desperation, longing to hold herself again. Mr Jones did seem to be working slightly more quickly than before, perhaps aware that she was now really struggling to hold her bladder, for which she was secretly thankful. After all, she was essentially trapped here with nowhere to pee until he was satisfied that the viewing was over.

They continued through the upstairs rooms, viewing several more bedrooms, bathrooms and storage areas. Kyla was really, really struggling to hold on now, and as the minutes ticked by, she was unable to prevent several more leaks of warm pee dribbling into her underwear, no matter how hard she tried. She was finding it harder and harder to regain control each time, and the feeling of the little drops of wee slowly teasing down her inner thighs was not helping her situation at all. She found that standing in the master bathroom was particularly difficult, and she had to stand with her legs very firmly crossed as she described the expensive rainfall shower and jacuzzi bath. She kept casting longing glances towards the toilet, which had not gone unnoticed by Mr Jones, who remarked on how frustrated she must be feeling, standing right next to a toilet that she wasn’t allowed to use.

Finally, at long last, they had finished viewing all of the upstairs rooms. ‘I’m sorry Kyla, I know you must be absolutely dying to finish for the day, but could I have a very quick look around the kitchen one more time?’ Mr Jones asked as they walked back downstairs. ‘Of course, Mr Jones. You can take as much time as you need’ she replied, her voice trembling slightly. As they stepped into the kitchen, she glanced at her watch. It was now nearly 7pm, almost 13 hours since her last pee. Kyla was beginning to inwardly panic, now. She was probably only around 15 minutes away from getting back to the office and finally being able to use a toilet, but she genuinely didn’t think she was going to be able to hold on for that long. And besides, how on Earth was she supposed to concentrate on driving in her incredibly desperate state?

For a brief moment, she considered asking Mr Jones to excuse her while she ran out onto the garden and relieved herself behind a suitably sized bush. Surely he would be understanding and sympathetic, rather than disgusted? She quickly put aside this idea though, remembering that both the front and back of the property were covered by high-definition security cameras, and she would definitely lose her job if the owners were to check the footage and see her squatting for a wee in their garden. No, she was just going to have to try her hardest to hold on until they were finally back at the office, even if it seemed like an impossible task.

She watched as Mr Jones wandered slowly around the kitchen again, before walking back over to her. ‘This really is a fantastic house, Kyla. Thank you for showing it to me’ he said, beaming at her. ‘You’re welcome, Mr Jones’ she said quietly, forcing a smile. At that moment, she felt another few drops of warm pee dribble out into her sodden knickers, quickly followed by several longer spurts. ‘Oh god’ she whispered, frantically crossing her legs and bending over, desperately fighting to get control. ‘Don’t pee… don’t pee… don’t pee’ she thought to herself, closing her eyes for a moment.

All thoughts of professionalism were out of the window now. Somehow, with an almost superhuman effort, she managed to clamp off the flow. ‘Oh Kyla… are you alright?’ Mr Jones asked kindly, and she shook her head, not daring to open her eyes. She knew that her knickers and the crotch of her tights were completely drenched now, and several dribbles of pee were trickling slowly down her legs. She felt herself starting to leak yet again, and she knew then that she had reached the limits of her capacity. Her plump, swollen bladder could stretch no more, and was now contracting, forcing her to let go

‘I’m so sorry, Mr Jones... I can’t hold it anymore’ she muttered, defeated, looking down in embarrassment as pee began to gush out of her, pooling inside her knickers before pouring down her legs in a tremendous waterfall, splattering noisily on the tiled floor. Frantically, she kicked off her shoes to save them from getting drenched, sending them flying halfway across the kitchen. She covered her face with her hands in shame, tears forming in her eyes as she continued to wet herself, completely unable to stop the flow. Her black tights were starting to glisten with wetness as they quickly became sodden with urine, and all she could do was watch helplessly through her fingers as a puddle of pee began to grow around her feet.

Neither Kyla nor Mr Jones spoke, the only sounds were the hissing and gushing of her wee which continued to pour out of her, soaking into her knickers and tights, and her quiet moans of relief. Finally, after what was only a couple of minutes but felt like an eternity to Kyla, she finished wetting herself.

‘I’m so, so sorry, Mr Jones. I can only apologise for my unprofessionalism’ she said softly, finally finding the courage to look up at him and meet his eye. ‘Oh Kyla, it’s not your fault, there’s really no need for you to apologise. Do you feel better now?’ he asked gently. ‘So much better’ she replied shyly, nodding. She was feeling incredibly, blissfully relieved after enduring an uncomfortably full bladder for so many hours. However, she was also intensely embarrassed, more so than ever before in her life. Her cheeks had turned a deep shade of scarlet, and her mouth had become dry, a faint ringing in her ears. She was totally humiliated and ashamed, and she felt like she was about to cry. She had been so focused on maintaining her professionalism in front of her client, and now here she was in front of him, in the kitchen of a very expensive house, her knickers, tights and the back of her miniskirt completely drenched, standing helplessly in a huge puddle of wee.

There was an awkward silence, neither of them knowing what to say. Kyla needed to focus now on cleaning up, the problem was that she couldn’t actually move anywhere without walking a trail of wet footprints through the house. ‘Mr Jones, I have some paper towels and cleaning wipes in the boot of my car, may I possibly ask you to get them for me?’ she asked him shyly, and he nodded. ‘Of course, Kyla’ he replied, his tone business-like. He didn’t seem to be at all disgusted or annoyed by the fact that she had wet herself, and for that, she was grateful. She stepped forwards, her feet splashing noisily in her puddle of pee as she handed him her car keys.

While Mr Jones was fetching the things from the car, Kyla took the opportunity to reach underneath her skirt and peel off her dripping wet tights and knickers. She didn’t have a change of clothes, and not wanting to go commando in such a short skirt, she had to wring her sodden knickers out before quickly putting them back on, barely managing to pull them up in time before Mr Jones returned. Fortunately for Kyla, her skirt was mostly dry apart from the back, which had a large damp patch. She did her best to clean up her puddle with the paper towels, using up most of the roll, before cleaning the floor with the wipes. Mr Jones offered to help her, but she was adamant that she would do it herself. After all, she thought to herself, its unprofessional enough that she had wet herself in front of a client, and she certainly wasn’t going to make him help to clean up her puddle.

It ended up taking longer than expected to get back to the office due to traffic, and by the time they had parked up and were walking into reception, Kyla was absolutely bursting for a wee again. Embarrassed, she had to quickly excuse herself and literally sprint to the loo which was fortunately close by, much to the amusement of Mr Jones. She only just made it, and she sighed with relief as she threw herself down on the toilet and released, her stream hissing noisily against the bowl.

She was peeing for a surprisingly long time, and she guessed that her bladder had been so agonisingly full when she’d wet herself that she hadn’t actually emptied it completely. She took the opportunity to quickly dry her wet knickers under the hand-dryer before returning to Mr Jones, who told her that his assistant was about to arrive to pick him up. He made an appointment with her to view some more properties at the same time the following week, and as they shook hands, they gave each other a knowing smile.

Please note, this is a re-write of the original, which featured a male estate agent getting desperate while showing houses to a female client. If you'd like to read the original as well, you can find it here:

%https://www.omorashi.org/topic/74641-the-desperate-estate-agent

$

