Turning My Girlfriend To Stone While She Really Has To Pee

Author: desperation_fan

*000*2022-01-09 22:45

My name is Kevin and I’m a sorcerer. That’s right, sorcerers and sorceresses are very real. In fact, think of any mythological creature you’ve ever read about. They are all very likely real. But we don’t broadcast ourselves to the world. After all, if everyone knew about magical beings, we would be hunted to the ends of the earth. But just because we don’t put ourselves front and center, doesn’t mean we hide from everyone. For example, my girlfriend, Shawna. She loves it when I cast my magic on her. Well, for the most part, anyway. There was one time things got a bit hairy…

For starters, let me paint a picture for you of Shawna. She’s 5’11”, 100 pounds soaking wet. Long jet-black hair. Long legs, with a nice, rounded backside. She can really work a pair of jean shorts. And she’s well-endowed on her top side, too. On this particular day, we were on our way back from a long road trip. It had been hot, and she had been drinking plenty of water…

“Baby, I gotta pee,” she said.

I checked the GPS. Forty-five minutes before we’d be home. “We’ve still got a long drive ahead of us, Shawn. Can you hold it?”

“Sure, I guess,” she answered, but she didn’t sound very convincing. I say this looking back, because at the time, I wasn’t thinking about her tone. I just wanted to get home. I hate driving. Brooms, magic carpets, unicorns, all perfectly acceptable forms of transportation in my mind. But when living in the “real” world, compromises must be made. So, I continued driving, not really giving much thought to Shawna’s request. About ten minutes later, I heard her moaning and turned my head to see her with her hands firmly pressed between her legs.

“Shawna, are you OK?”

“Yeah, I just gotta pee.”

“I thought you said you could hold it!”

“Yeah, you did think that,” was her response. Shawna’s a sweetheart usually, but when she’s stressed out, she get pretty snappy. “But I said I have to pee. You know my bladder isn’t the best! I was hoping you’d try to find somewhere to stop!”

“But I asked you if you could hold it and you said yes! If you wanted me to pull over, why didn’t you ask me to pull over?”

“I didn’t think I needed to!”

Arguing with Shawna when she got going was useless, because all we’d do is argue in circles until I admitted she was right. And I wasn’t admitting anything to her. But I had another way to get even. I looked at the GPS. Twenty minutes. “We’re almost home, babe. Just hang on.”

Shawna groaned and shifted in her seat. The red tank top she was wearing did amazing things for her breasts. And now that she was pressing her back and bottom against the door and squeezing her knees into her crotch, I had a great view of those babies. I kept driving, pretending to be oblivious to how urgent her situation was, but I’ve seen Shawna desperate to go before. And she was certainly desperate!

“Can you maybe hurry up?”

“I’m going the speed limit, Shawn.”

“Well, the road’s empty. Pull over and I’ll squat on the side of the road!”

Normally, I’d have had no problem with that option. But with what I had in mind for Shawna, I wanted to make sure we were at my house. Made things easier.

“We’re almost home. Just sit tight.”

“Sit tight? I can barely sit still!”

She was bouncing all over the place, she must have been pretty desperate. But still, I acted like I hadn’t caught on to the severity of her situation. As we reached my house, I could see her perk up. As far as she knew, relief was coming. If only my poor girlfriend had realized I had something else in mind…

I pulled into the driveway and Shawna practically flew out of the car and towards the house. She had to pee so bad, she didn’t even realize I had magically slowed her movement by 20%. As far as she was concerned, she was running at full speed towards the house. I followed her and unlocked the door. She pushed past me and started running for the bathroom. It was time.

“Full Body Petrification!”

“Don’t you dare!”

But it was too late. She stopped in her tracks, her feet rooted to the ground. Her white sneakers were starting to take on a grayish hue. She was turning to stone!

“No! Why now?!”

“Because you were being a bitch to me in the car.”

“Because I have to pee, and you wouldn’t pull over!”

“Because you said you could hold it!”

“And you believed me?! You KNOW how my bladder is!”

“Well, let’s see how you like it when it’s rock hard.”

“Please, baby! I don’t wanna be stuck like this when I have to pee! You know how much it hurts when I have to hold it in!”

I didn’t say anything. I looked down as the gray marble worked it’s up her legs. She was trying to keep her body moving while she could, but her legs were quickly petrifying, locking them solid in place.

“Come on, Kevin! This isn’t funny!”

Her legs were solid marble now and her hips and butt were following suit. Soon, her bladder would follow suit. That would certainly be interesting.

“Oh, my butt! That’s like the worst cramp I’ve ever felt!” She reached behind her and touched her butt. “Ooh! I can’t believe you’re actually doing this to me, you bastard!” Her tone wasn’t as angry as it was before, but she definitely didn’t sound happy, either.

“You think that’s bad, it should be reaching your bladder right about...”

“Argh!” She grabbed her lower belly.

“...now.”

“Ow… oh man, that really sucks!”

“How’s your bladder?”

“It feels like a rock sitting in my stomach! Oooh, you’re such a jerk!”

“The rest of you should turn to stone shortly.” The effect was already moving up her stomach and chest. Her breasts quickly became two large, stone globes. Her cleavage looked even better in marble.

“And then what?”

“And then you’ll be a statue. A fairly uncomfortable statue, but a statue nonetheless.”

“How long am I going to be stuck like this?” At this point, her entire body was marble except for her head. Her hands had been fused to her stomach when she was touching her bladder.

“I don’t know? Maybe a day? Or seven?”

“WHAT?! A WEEK?! YOU’D LEAVE ME LIKE THIS FOR A WHOLmmmmmm!!! Mmmmm!!! Mmmm!!!”

“Huh, sorry? I didn’t catch that last part.” She was completely petrified now. I touched her stone-cold breast, knowing she could feel it. Then I tapped the area near her bladder…

That was three weeks ago. She’s still petrified like that, in my house. She still has to pee. She’ll get to go eventually. But I just wanted to prove my point. She DID say she could hold it.

TO BE CONTINUED

Just a silly little idea I had. I'm out of work for five days with Covid, expect more stuff lol I actually came up with two other stories while writing this one.

*004*2022-01-10 03:23

Ask and you shall receive!!

“I can’t believe he turned me to stone! I have to pee so bad!” Shawna moaned silently. It had been three weeks since her boyfriend, Kevin, a sorcerer, had turned her into a stone statue following an argument between the two. She’d been desperate to pee, having been cursed with a weak bladder. But they were heading home from a road trip and he wouldn’t stop. Then, he had to nerve to cast a petrification spell on her as she made a mad dash for the restroom. Now, she had no choice but to grace his living room as an unwilling decoration. But the worst part was that, even in her current state, she had to pee like nobody’s business.

“Did he have to make it so my bladder would keep filling? Or that I’d have to feel it?” Indeed, her bladder continued to absorb moisture inside her. While it obviously wouldn’t expand while she was made of stone, she would definitely be in trouble whenever he chose to release her. “ARGH!!! I’d wet myself all over his carpet right now if I could! Would serve him right for torturing me like this!!”

####

So yeah, Shawna’s still a statue in my living room. It’s been almost a month. I feel like she’s learned her lesson, so I think it’s only good and right to release her. “Flesh totalus!” I watched as the stone effect began to reverse itself, starting with the top of her head. As the stone moved down, I saw her eyes blink rapidly, adjusting to the lighting of the room after a month of only seeing grainy black and white vision. As her mouth became soft and fleshy again…

“You piece of shit! How dare you do that to me?! I can’t wait until my bladder and crotch revert back, because I’m gonna piss all over your carpet!”

I raised an eyebrow. “Bladder seal!

Let’s see you try now.”

“GAH!!!” Her breasts became freed from there stone prison and happily jiggled around freely. I didn’t blame them, I had missed them, too. As the stone receded down her body, she looked down in shock as her tummy stuck out, distended from holding in a month’s worth of urine. As her peehole became free, she attempted to pee, only to find that I certainly had sealed her bladder closed. She clutched her abdomen, painfully, pathetically. As her legs began to return to flesh, she welcomed the ability to squeeze her thighs together. As her entire body reverted to normal, she collapsed to her knees in agony. “Kevin, please! This isn’t funny! I feel like my bladder and kidneys are going to burst! You’ve proven your point and I’m sorry for being such a bitch. Just please...” She gestured at her bulging bladder, a look of pure fear in her eyes. I couldn’t stand to see her in so much pain.

“OK, Shawna. You’re right. Bladder freedom!”

“OOOOHHHHHHH!!!!!” Shawna moaned as her bladder, unexpectedly and uncontrollably, began to void its contents all over my living room carpet. I didn’t really care if she messed it up, I could just use magic to get out the piss stains and odor. It was about exerting my control over her and reminding her who was in charge in this relationship. And as she knelt on my floor, soaked in her own piss, I don’t think there was any question who was in charge…

####

Later that night, Shawna sat in her own bedroom at home. She had laid plastic and towels over her sheets, as being forced to hold her pee in for a month had caused her to experience incontinence. She was scrolling through her phone, reading an article…

“HOW TO LEARN WITCHCRAFT AND USE IT FOR REVENGE AND DOMINANCE”

TO BE CONTINUED…

*006*2022-01-11 04:56

Gotta say, I'm amazed at the reaction this story has received.

Definitely going to continue this. I may actually combine this with the other two ideas I had, because Kevin and Shawna are actually pretty fun to write.

*008*2022-01-14 21:36

My name is Shawna. I’m the girlfriend of a sorcerer. You’re likely familiar with some of our adventures, such as when he turned me to stone for a month, while my bladder was about to burst. Or when he released me from the stone, but sealed my bladder shut. Or when he made me piss all over the place and caused me to become partially incontinent. That’ll pass. He promised me it was a temporary side effect. But temporary or not, I still wanted revenge. So, I stole a book from his library, “How to Learn Witchcraft and Use It for Revenge and Dominance”. I spent a few weeks studying, before I decided to test my skills. I had my friends, Lily and Amber over for drinks, little did they realize they were going to be sampling a couple of the potions I had brewed up…

Lily was a tiny Chinese girl I work with. About my age, late 20’s. Not much of a booty, but man, those breasts… She was wearing a black miniskirt and a blue short-sleeved blouse. As for Amber, she was a Latina firecracker. Long blonde hair, nice full lips, big boobs, and… well, dat ass! Even as a totally straight girl, I had to admit I had some hot friends. Amber was looking especially stunning tonight in tight blue jeans and a black tanktop. As I passed out the drinks, I felt a little guilty, since I knew this wasn’t going to be pleasant for them. Lily was the first to finish her drink, while Amber sipped much more slowly. I just hoped Lily’s wouldn’t kick in until Amber had finished hers.

Lily started to show signs of the potion affecting her after about thirty minutes, I noted. I could see her starting to squirm and shift in her seat. Amber had finished her drink about ten minutes earlier, so it would be a matter of watching to see how long she before she was in similar straights. As Lily continued to look more and more uncomfortable, I asked her, innocently, “Everything OK, Lily?” She stared at me, blankly for a moment, before answering.

“Yes. I’m fine.” Amber stared at her. “Girl, you look like you’re gonna wet your pants!” she said with a laugh. Indeed, Lily was squirming and crossing her legs, one hand was holding her crotch. “No,” she answered calmly. “I don’t have to pee.” Amber rolled her eyes. I allowed another ten minutes to pass as Lily’s squirming only got worse, but still, she continued to ramble on like everything was fine. We were at about the twenty-minute mark for Amber, so I started watching her, as well. If the potion had worked on her like it did on Lily, it would kick in after about half an hour.

I was amazed at how well it had worked with Lily. Her bladder had to be so swollen, but she was carrying on as if she didn’t have a care in the world. “Lily,” Amber said, looking concerned. “You haven’t been able to sit still! Are you sure you don’t want to make a quick bathroom visit?”

“No,” Lily answered, in a monotone. “My bladder’s fine.”

Her body betrayed her mouth, however. Looking at her, I could see that very bladder protruding from under her blouse and over the top of her skirt. How she hadn’t already lost control was beyond me. I know I held it for a month, but only because I was a hunk of rock during that time. Poor Lily’s legs were tightly crossed together, now both hands were being used to hold herself and she was pouring sweat from what must have been a monumental effort to hold it in. “Lily!” Amber shouted at her friend. “Go to the damn bathroom!” Amber stood up, but she was holding her own crotch now. She seemed to be unaware of it, as her bladder was filling up, yet her concern was with Lily. Now that I knew the potion had worked, it was time for step two.

“Blank!” I called out. Both girls’ eyes rolled into the backs of their heads, as their bodies went limp. “Keep holding in your piss. I don’t want a drop leaving either of you until I say so. I’m so sorry to do this to both of you, but Kevin did something like this to me not too long ago. And I need to make him pay. So, you two are the guinea pigs.” I smiled as neither of them reacted. “Excellent. Amber, stasis!” As soon as I spoke the word, Amber’s body seemed to become frozen. “You should be in a deep, deep sleep right now. No movement, except the rise and fall of your chest. You will remain in this state of hibernation until I wake you up. Your bladder will continue to fill as you sleep but will not be aware of it and it will not disturb your sleep.” I turned to Lily. Her bladder was so swollen and distended, I’d have been shocked if she didn’t have an accident right then and there.

“OK, Lily. I can tell that you’re at your bursting point. So, here’s what we’re going to do. I am going to give you back your mind. But, whenever I say the word “leaky”, you will let out a small spurt of pee in your pants. You won’t realize you’re doing it, until it’s pointed out to you. When I say the word “flood”, you will allow you bladder to completely empty its contents. Nod once if you understand.” Lily nodded and I smiled. This was going to be fun.

“OK Lily, Unblank!” Lily opened her eyes, looking a little dazed, but otherwise fine. “Huh. I must have spaced out. Um, what were we talking about?”

“Oh, I was telling you about my leaky pipes.” I heard a hissing sound for about ten seconds. Looking down at Lily’s crotch, I noticed a slight dripping from under her skirt.

“Oh, really?”

“Oh yeah, my pipes are wicked leaky.” Another hiss, as pee started to dribble onto the floor under Lily. She still looked like she had to pee, however. “You wouldn’t believe how leaky they are, Lily. Some really leaky pipes.” Two more quick hisses as Lily released her urine into her panties, unaware she was even doing it. “My pipes are so leaky...” Another hiss as Lily let another spurt go. “...I’m afraid they might cause a flood!” Immediately, Lily let go of her entire bladder, her urine furiously pattering down on the hardwood floor. Her face showed no signs that she even knew she was pissing herself, even if her bladder probably felt a lot more comfortable when she done. I smiled. “Lily, stasis.” Lily froze just like Amber. I prepared to awaken my other friend for her test…

TO BE CONTINUED

*009*2022-01-15 02:41

I was just about to wake Amber up, when I felt a wetness soaking my crotch and legs. Looking down, I cursed. I was peeing my pants. “Damn you, Kevin! We’ll see how you like being a pants wetter!” I turned my attention back to Amber. Her bladder was fuller now, not quite where Lily’s was, but there was a noticeable bulge, at least. “Amber, I am going to give you back your mind AND your bladder. You will be very aware that you need to pee, and you will excuse yourself to use the restroom. But every time I say the word freeze, you become completely frozen. If you are walking, you will freeze mid-step. If you are talking, you will freeze mid-sentence. If you are peeing, you will freeze mid-stream. You will have no control over this, it will simply happen. Because you and Lily drank my special potion and now, I control your mind and your bladder. Now, Amber… unblank!”

I watched as Amber’s eyes fluttered open. Immediately, her hands grabbed her crotch. “Um… I’ve gotta...” Amber looked at me sheepishly, then towards the bathroom.

“Oh of course, go right ahead.” I said with a smile.

Amber started walking towards the bathroom. “Freeze!” Amber stopped, just like that. Her left foot was raised slightly off the ground as she had been walking towards the bathroom. “Frozen. Unaware of anything that happens while you are frozen.” I waved my hand in front of her face. Nothing, not even a blink. The potion really was working! I carefully grasped Amber by the shoulders and dragged her backwards, until we were at the couch. “Unfreeze!” Amber immediately began walking towards the bathroom again, not missing a step. In her mind, nothing had happened. As she reached for the door, I yelled, “freeze!” and she once again became stuck in place.

“Now Amber, every time freeze and unfreeze you, your bladder will fill by 10%. Your need will become more and more urgent, but you will not be able to pee until I allow it.” I dragged her all the way back to the front door. She wouldn’t even notice; I was certain of that. “Unfreeze!” Amber began walking towards the bathroom again, her step a little more rigid now, as she had a bit more urine inside her. “Freeze!” She paused again. “Unfreeze!” She continued walking, but slower, trying not to spread her legs too much. “Freeze!” She was at the couch now. “Unfreeze!” Amber was now waddling towards the bathroom, whimpering slightly. “Freeze!” She was still about ten steps away. I decided it was time. I dragged her into the bathroom.

“Amber, when I unfreeze you this time, you will know you are in the bathroom. You will begin to undo your jeans, but it will be too late. You will wet yourself, all over the bathroom floor. Unfreeze.” Amber began unzipping her pants. As she did, however, she let out a gasp, then looked down. I could hear a hissing noise as her crotch got damp. “Freeze!” I had almost forgotten, there was one more thing I wanted to do. I unzipped Amber’s jeans and yanked them down to her ankles. Then her pretty pink panties.

“Unfreeze!” Amber continued peeing. “Oh my god...” she muttered as her bladder voided. A stream of yellow piss flowed from her crotch. “Freeze!” I watched, amazed, as the flow instantly cut off. Even when she was unable to stop it on her own consciously, her subconscious knew enough to stop the stream when the trigger word was said. I moved Amber towards the toilet and gently pulled her down, so she was sitting on the seat. “When I unfreeze you, you will finish peeing into the toilet. You will forget that you peed your pants and you will pull your soiled clothes back up as if nothing is wrong. Unfreeze!”

Amber’s powerful stream continued, now pouring into the toilet bowl. Considering she wasn’t nearly as full as Lily at the start, she got there by the end. After she had wiped and redressed, I froze her again and looked in the toilet bowl. She had managed to fill it up nicely. I gently moved her back out into the main room with Lily.

“OK. In a moment, I’m going to wake you both up. You will not realize you wet yourselves. You will decide that it’s time to go home. When you get home, you will remember wetting yourselves. How you react to it is up to you. OK, ladies… unblank!” Both girls’ minds returned.

“Wow, that was a fun night,” said Amber.

“Yeah, but we should probably head home,” Lily added.

“OK,” I answered, hugging my two pissy friends. “Thanks for coming. Drive safe!” As the two left, I wondered how they would react when they remembered their accidents. I smiled. I couldn’t wait to use this potion on Kevin!

TO BE CONTINUED…

*010*2022-01-16 00:58

So, I called up Kevin and we made plans for the next night. I couldn’t wait to torture his bladder the way he did mine! As I hung up the phone, I felt a warm wetness between my legs. Oh, he was gonna get it! I cleaned myself up and got ready for bed, anticipating what a great evening tomorrow night was going to be. As I laid head to pillow and closed my eyes, I prepared to drift off…

The next night, I arrived at Kevin’s place. I was wearing my favorite slinky black dress, the one that fit nice and tight in all the right places. The dress I wore when I wanted to seduce him. Underneath, I had on the lacy silk panties-and-bra set he loved so much. Inside, I was lining it with a pad, for when the inevitable happened. When he opened the door, he was clearly taken aback. He was wearing a nice three-piece gray suit, with a tie. Even though we both knew our clothes wouldn’t stay on for very long, we wanted to look our best for each other in that initial moment. He greeted me with a kiss. “Hey, gorgeous.”

“Hey, yourself,” I purred back. In my purse, I had a bottle of wine and two glasses. Down the front of my dress, I had a vial of my special potion, just for Kevin. When he wasn’t looking, I would spike his drink and then, his mind and his bladder would be all mine to control. Just thinking about it made me a little wet. Thank goodness for the protection I was wearing.

We sat down on his couch and pulled out the glasses and the wine. As I poured, I looked at Kevin. “How about some mood lighting?” He smiled and stood up, walking towards the door. When his back was to me, I quickly poured the potion into his glass, then topped off both with some wine. I couldn’t wait. Soon, he would be all mine…

When he sat down, I picked up my glass and he took his. We touched glasses together, then he leaned in and kissed me. I placed my glass down and threw my arms around him, he reciprocated shortly thereafter. When he broke the kiss, we again picked up our glasses and downed our wine. I smiled as I watched him. I looked at my watch. Thirty minutes is how long it would take. He caught my smile.

“So. What now?”

I raised an eyebrow, then started to crawl towards him…

###

Shawna and I laid in bed. We were both naked under the sheets. I looked at her and smiled. She had a cute, glaze-eyed look in her eyes. I saw her look at her watch. “You got somewhere to be?” I asked, jokingly.

“No, baby. Just checking the time. How’re you feeling?”

“Good,” I answered. I had to piss, but not too badly. However, I couldn’t help but notice that Shawna had wet my bed twice in the last twenty minutes. Admittedly, my fault for using a spell that over-stretched her bladder. But that was neither here nor there. “That wine took its toll on you, huh?” I asked.

She blushed. “Yeah, a little. You know alcohol goes right through me. Doesn’t help that your stupid spell made me a walking water faucet.” I noticed her shifting in the bed, uncomfortably. “Babe...”

“Yeah?”

“Did you switch our glasses?!”

I grinned. She caught me. “Yep. Stasis.” Shawna’s body went limp, and her eyes dropped shut. I knew she was planning something, ever since she borrowed one of my books. When she asked me to dim the lights while she poured the wine, I suspected she was slipping something in my drink. So, I simply pulled a little swap while kissing her. Apparently, she had combined a diuretic with a control spell. Meaning I could now control both her mind and her bladder. How kinky.

“Shawna, I know you can hear me deep down. First of all, I am going to reverse the stretching my last spell did to your bladder.” I touched her belly, which glowed green. “I would’ve done that sooner if you’d just asked. But now… you tried to use magic against me. And for that, you’re going to pay. And you pay… in piss. I am going to cause you to pee your pants five times. Not all tonight, mind you, because why waste a perfectly good spell? But over the next several days, you will have five accidents. After the final accident, you will be free from my control.

Now, let’s get to accident number one. When I wake you up, you will not remember anything that has transpired since we had sex. You will have to pee, but you will be too embarrassed to say anything in front of me. So, you will try to hold it. But eventually, you will wet yourself. And you will be embarrassed by it.” I looked at her. Shawna was certainly not shy about needing to pee, so this would be quite a change for her. And embarrassment was not her in the least. But under my control…

“Awaken.”

Shawna’s eyes fluttered open. “Oh… sorry babe, I think I dosed off for a second.”

“No worries,” I said. “We sure had fun, huh?”

“Oh yeah,” she breathed, eyeing me with lust. However, I could tell she was shaking under the covers. Her butt couldn’t stay still on the mattress. She really had to pee.

“You OK?”

“Y-yeah. Just fine.” She forced a smile, but the desperation in her eyes was clear. I smiled and rolled over, mounting her. She winced and let out a gasp as I pressed myself down on her bladder.

“Was I too rough?”

“N-n-no… oh my god, babe, get off now!” She tried to push me off, but it was too late. I could see the look in her eyes as she experienced total bladder failure.

“What’s wrong?”

She looked at me, her eyes filled with tears. “I… I had an accident...” She blushed and started crying. I hugged her.

“There, there. It’s OK. It’s fine…

Stasis.”

Her body went limp, and I gently let her fall back in her own puddle of urine. I would definitely have to change my sheets in the morning. But it was worth it. One accident down.

Four to go. I looked at her sleeping form and thought about my next move…

TO BE CONTINUED…

(I promise, more petrification is coming...)

*012*2022-03-16 04:31

I decided I was going to enjoy torturing Shawna’s bladder a bit. Sure, making her wet the bed and feel humiliated was fun, but there were far more interesting ways to mess with her.

“Shawna. When I command you to, you will wake up, with no memory of wetting the bed just now. You will go downstairs, drink two glasses of water, then come back up to bed and fall fast asleep. For the next day, you will not know for sure whether or not your bladder is full. You might feel a twinge here or there, or you might feel a massive urge. Or you might feel nothing at all. Maybe you make it to the bathroom, maybe you wet your pants. Maybe you’ll desperately run to the toilet, only to find your bladder was empty all along. Now…

Wake up. And obey.”

Shawna stirred from her hypnotic slumber. “Hey babe. Sorry, I must have dozed off.”

“No problem, hon.”

“I’m kinda thirsty. You mind if I go get some water?”

“Go right ahead.”

As she got up to go to the kitchen, I decided it was time for a piss break of my own. Getting out of bed, I went into the bathroom and pulled out my cock. I smiled as I relieved myself, pleased that I was going to have a bit of fun with Shawna. And the best part was going to be after accident number five, when my control wore off and she remembered everything that had happened to her. I flushed and washed my hands, then returned to the bedroom. Shawn returned a short time later, getting back in bed, where she promptly passed out. I couldn’t wait to see how this played out…

###

I woke up in the middle of the night, feeling a strong urge to pee. I couldn’t believe my plan didn’t work, Kevin must have a super bladder or maybe magic doesn’t work on magical beings? But that was neither here nor there, because when a girl’s gotta pee, she’s gotta pee! I quickly got up, being careful not to wake Kevin, and went into the bathroom. When I sat down to go, however, I was surprised that only a light trickle came out. I’d had that feeling like, when you first wake up in the morning and you know you’ve gotta pee? Then again, with how screwed up my bladder was, I guess I was grateful it was just the minor annoyance of getting up when I didn’t really need to. I went back to bed and drifted back to sleep…

“Hey, Shawna. Time to get up, babe.”

“Huh?” I murmured, still in a sleepy fog.

“It’s 6:30, Shawn. You’re gonna be late for work!”

That got my attention! I darted from the bed to the bathroom and took a super-fast shower. My panties reeked of piss, no doubt a side-effect of Kevin’s stupid stone prank. Man, was I upset my revenge plot didn’t work! I wanted to see him piss himself! Oh well, no time to worry about that right now. I grabbed one of the spare outfits I kept at his place and got dressed, while he made me breakfast. French toast, scrambled eggs, sausage, coffee, orange juice and a green smoothie. I wolfed everything down and kissed him goodbye, before heading off to work.

###

Shawna headed off to work, leaving me by myself. I had to admit, there was no way to know how well this suggestion would actually work, unless of course she told me. But I know she got up to pee in the middle of the night. So there was at least that. But I couldn’t wait until I had her home and could find out everything…

That night, I went to her house for dinner. I chose her place because for accident number three, I wanted to make use of her art studio. But first, I had to know what had happened. “Blank.” Shawna’s eyes glazed over as we sat at the dinner table. “Shawna, I want you to tell me about each time you had to go to the bathroom today.”

“When I woke up this morning, I didn’t have to pee at all. But on the drive in, I started peeing a bit and had to pull over to squat on the side of the road. Then I had to go to Walmart to buy clean underwear. While there, I had to pee again, so I ran to the bathroom, but nothing came out. When I got to work, I changed into the clean panties. About two hours into the day, my friend Abby told me my stomach looked really big, so I went to the bathroom and ended up peeing quite a bit. At lunch, I drank a soda and felt like I had to pee, but it was a minor urge. Unfortunately, I ended up wetting myself, but luckily it was in the copy room and nobody was there. I cleaned up in the restroom and went about my day. On the drive home, I felt like I was going to burst, but was stuck in traffic. I ended up sticking a coffee cup between my legs, but only peed a few drops in it.”

“How do you feel right now?”

“Fine.”

“Good. When I snap my fingers, the last suggestion will wear off. If you have to pee, you will say so.”

*SNAP*

Shawna blinked. Then I saw her face change into a look I knew all to well.

“Um… I have to pee.”

“Blank!”

Her eyes went dull again.

“When I unblank you, you will walk to your art studio. Once there, you will stand in the middle of the room and await further instructions.

Unblank.”

Shawna stood up and made her way to the bathroom. I could tell her bladder was pretty full, by the way she walked. Her butt shook from the effort it took to hold it in while in motion. I was really looking forward to the next part. When we got to the studio, she stood in the middle of the room.

“Freeze.”

Shawna went completely motionless. “Frozen. Unable to move. Unable to think. I brought you to your studio, Shawna, because this is where you come to let your creative juices flow. But tonight, we’re going to make something else flow. I know you need to pee pretty badly.”

I reached out and touched her bladder. When I did, her abdomen bulged out a bit. “I just filled your bladder a bit more. You are at capacity right now. You are going to wet yourself. Not yet, of course. I want to have some fun, first. I am going to cast a spell that will cause your body, including your bladder, to remain frozen for one hour. When that hour expires, you will wet yourself. It will happen, because your body won’t unfreeze until your bladder is empty. However, I am going to unfreeze your mind and your face. You will be able to see, think, hear, talk, feel… you will be in your own little hell, but it will be my heaven. And while you’ll be aware of what’s happening, while it’s happening, you will forget once the spell has worn off completely. Because I’m not done playing with you yet…

Now, on the count of three, you will be awake, aware and able to speak.

One.

Two.”

TO BE CONTINUED…

(Yeah, I’m cruel, leaving it on a cliffhanger, but I need to go to bed lol I will work on the next part tomorrow after work )

