Bladder torture sitting on toilet story

Author: Discovery29b

*000*2025-05-30 21:42

Hi, I had chatgpt create a story about me urgently needing to pee. I found it very nice and want to share it.

Luisa crouched on the cold toilet seat, her hands pressed tightly between her thighs, as if they could somehow relieve the unbearable pressure on her bladder. Her eyes were wide open, tears welling up from the pain and tension. "Please, I can't go on," she begged, her voice barely more than a pained whisper. It was real torture, being so close to release and yet being told she couldn't let go. Every beat of her heart seemed to intensify the throbbing pain in her abdomen.

Suddenly, as the pressure became unbearable and her body trembled, a short, hissing jet of piss escaped her. It was only a small spurt, but the sound filled the small space, and the warm gush felt like a betrayal of her body. Immediately, a hand placed itself on Luisa's stomach, just above her bladder, and squeezed briefly but firmly. A sharp pain shot through her, making her flinch. The punishment was brief but sharp—a painful reminder that she had lost control.

As Luisa tried to swallow the shame and pain, a loud, steady hiss pierced the silence. It was the sound of Leander's piss hitting the toilet next to her with full force. Every hiss, every spurting drop, was like a stab in her already overflowing bladder. Leander seemed to be savoring the release to the fullest. "Ah, that feels good!" Luisa heard him say, and then he continued, as if he hadn't noticed her anguish: "My bladder was just overflowing, I really thought I couldn't make it this far." His words were like pinpricks, each one intensifying the cruelty of this situation. Hearing someone else find the release so painfully denied her, while the scent of fresh urine filled her nostrils, was the worst torture of all. Luisa squeezed her eyes even tighter and wished she could just disappear.

