Ivy grows a garden into a bedroom

Author: Dendrophile

*000*2025-04-12 12:53

On a bamboo futon rolled out over soft soil, Ivy slept under a mosquito net draped above. Surrounded by a wide variety of plants, herbs, vines, flowers and succulents, they formed a small bedroom around the bamboo mattress. It was her second bedroom, you could say. Some nights Ivy slept outdoors in her carefully grown bedroom. Lying there on the bamboo futon, Ivy peacefully peed in her sleep. Covered by a latex blanket to stay warm, her urine trickled through the futon into the soil underneath, feeding her nutrients to the surrounding plants. The plants watched her as she slept and were grateful this woman woke up to a divine relationship with nature.

Rewinding several months, one night Ivy was reflecting on how she had gardened all her life. She realized something about society that no longer made sense to her. Humans flush their urine down these things called toilets, when in Ivy’s knowledge of gardening, it is possible to fertilize plants with urine. It’s full of nutrients that are wasted along with water. She had this idea of growing a garden into an outdoor bedroom, and decided to give it a go. After months of growing a canopy and walls using all kinds of plants to thicken it, like basil and lavender, Ivy decided to try sleeping on a bamboo futon. The scent was truly divine, all the flowers like roses, jasmine and herbs created a strong but pleasant scent that made Ivy feel fresh.

The first night she tried sleeping there, she had a few glasses of wine while sitting in this safe space she grew for herself. Ivy stays healthy and drinks plenty of water. She doesn’t usually drink but she was trying to work up the courage to sleep on the bamboo futon, given that the this plant bedroom was technically outside. She had an old sleeping bag and an old pillow, but if she enjoyed it she would invest in some better bedding. The wine making her feel good, she poured another glass, leaning to the side and sipping slowly, she looked around her plant bedroom and felt proud. It was a warm night and it was perfect. She finished the glass of red and decided that was enough. Placing the glass beside the futon, she decided to unzip the sleeping bag and use it as a blanket, she got snuggled in and ready for sleep. Feeling warm, fuzzy and slightly dizzy from the wine, her nose filled with the sweet scents of herbs and flowers, Ivy drifted off to sleep.

Not long after midnight, Ivy woke up peeing herself uncontrollably. Shocked, at first she tried to stop, but she was very drunk and realized she could barely move and her world was spinning. She tried to stop the flow and squeeze her bladder muscles to hold it, but she just ended up squeezing out what was already coming. Warm pee pooling around her left hip, soaking into the bamboo futon as she lay on her left side and just let the pee flow out of her at its own pace, too drunk to move.

A thought popped into her head, she wondered if it would be okay to just let go and let the urine soak through the bamboo futon to the earth underneath and if it would fertilize the plants around her. She realized how good it felt, warm and wet, it gave her a sense of comfort, still drunk. She never felt so comfortable and relaxed in her life, despite the fact she could barely move and things were spinning. Ivy took in a deep breath through her nose and let out a sigh of relief and fell back asleep, still peeing.

She woke up to a strong smell of pee, coupled with basil, mint and lavender. As she remembered what happened she noticed mild headache and a sluggish feeling. “This is why I don’t drink, I must have had the whole bottle to myself” Ivy thought. She looked at her grapevine growing along the lemon tree and orange trees, which were side by side. The vine was starting to reach out over the top of where she was sleeping. Several grapes had fallen off and landed on the futon. “Cool, breakfast” she thought.

Months later she noticed how healthy the plants were and she became addicted to sleeping in this garden and peeing herself all night. Her idea worked, it fertilized her plants. The speed of the plants herbs and fruit growing was incredible, especially the succulents. Ivy felt like she was onto something special, this little get away of hers was so good, there had to be more to why. She was starting to enjoy the smell of her pee soaked bamboo futon too, mixed with the scent of the flowers and herbs, masking most of the smell of pee. Ivy had invested in waterproof pillow cases and a latex blanket too. She stopped going out on weekends, told her friends she was busy with a side hustle. She was feeling a deep connection to nature that was becoming somewhat divine.

One night Ivy was slowly pacing around her plant grown bedroom. The canopy of Jasmine and grapevines arched overhead, forming a roof. The leaves were shimmering with due, sparkling in the moonlight. She felt a calling, a hunger. The roots beneath her feet were hungry for her essence. Ivy ran her fingers along a grapevine, feeling the vines life pulsing through her, feeling a connection that sent shivers down her spine. The urge to offer herself grew, a ritual she had perfected over months. With a sigh, she relaxed, letting her warmth flow down her legs and soak into the soft soil beneath her feet as she walked around. The plants seemed to sigh too, leave gently rustling, drinking in deeply.

On another night, a year into this science experiment, something magical happened. Ivy sat reading a book, sitting up with legs crossed, a large glass bottle of water and cup of chamomile tea. Resting her elbows on each knee, she was reading a book about beekeeping, as she had many bees come and visit her in this space of hers. She wondered where their hive was and about how these bees had collected nectar from flowers that have been fertilized by her urine. The urge to pee was slowly growing. Ivy was beginning to enjoy holding it. She finished her tea and turned a page, when suddenly the urge to pee became strong. She thought about holding it a little longer, but decided she couldn’t wait to feel the warmth of her pee flow and pool beneath her bum.

Without pushing, but not holding her bladder muscle either, Ivy simply allowed her pee to start flowing, continuing to read. A gush of wind came, strong enough to blow through the now thick walls of plants. Almost like a thing of magic, Ivy was still peeing when a rose petal landed on her lap. She looked up and just as she did, a single grape fell and landed on her left breast, where her heart is and landed on the bamboo futon beside her. She felt a strong presence. Slowly she came to the realization she could feel the plants around her.

Another thought popped into her head, it was gratitude for experimenting with this divine secret, almost as if the plants told her thank you. Still peeing, she slid her book underneath one of the pillows and grabbed her water bottle and drank several mouthfuls, refilling what was still flowing out of her. Then Ivy lay back and put her head on the pillow, stretching her arms and legs out. She could feel the pee begin to pool around her shoulders and smiled. This could be heaven to her, she thought. She started to feel horny and gently massaged her clit with one hand and pinched a nipple with the other, her bladder nearly empty. Another rose petal landed on the back of her hand massaging her clit and she felt a tickle from the petal that started from where it landed on her hand, sending a wave of tickling sensations through her body, making her orgasm unexpectedly and shudder into a fetal position, feeling like she was just brought to orgasm with the help of her plants.

When she came to, her floodgates just opened again, completely drenching her pajamas and the mattress. It started to rain as she was peeing, a little heavy. She pulled the latex blanket over her and turned over to lay on her stomach, still peeing. The sound of rain landing on the latex and the plants around her was magical, her pee keeping her warm under the latex blanket. Placing her arms under the pillow and turning her head to the left she got comfortable, wiggled around in her now deep puddle slowly soaking into the bamboo futon and into the earth beneath. She raised her bum and brought it back down, making a splash. She was smiling knowing that the rain will water her now fertilized plants. Ivy finished peeing and drifted off to sleep as the rain turned to a light sprinkle.

