Desperate with an Alligator in the Outhouse

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2021-11-06 12:12

I have been meaning to post this for like more than two weeks now as I wrote this I think back on October 21 or something like that.

This is one of my more simple desperation stories and one of my shorter ones that I wrote one night where I was completely fixated on my fetish to the point where I wasn't going to get much else done, and figured I could get this story done quickly before I went to sleep while in fetish mode. It's a simple story of a woman who is desperate for a bathroom but then when she goes to the bathroom, because it's Florida, there is an alligator in the outhouse who keeps her from the relief that she desperately desires.

I can't remember what the initial inspiration for this story was, but I can't help but think that when my aunt and uncle say that I should come and visit in Florida sometime that this is kind of what I think of goes on down there. One of my aunts said that she actually did have an alligator in her backyard once and she had to call animal control! The alligator wasn't in an outhouse though… Anyway I hope you enjoy! Also in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/8338.html

Desperate with an Alligator in the Outhouse

Jill had to pee really bad so she ran towards the bathroom. This was her first week in Florida and she was interested to try the bathroom situation in a new state to see if it was better than the bathroom situation where she came from in New York.

"I haven't gone to the bathroom all day, I think my bladder is about to explode," Jill said as she ran to the outhouse. Jill didn't relish the idea of using an outhouse, as they tended to be disgusting, but seeing as she was out in the swamp like that she figured she didn't have much of a choice.

As Jill ran towards the outhouse, practically getting ready to jerk down her pants as soon as she got there, she opened it up and as soon as she did so she saw what looked like the head of an alligator poking out. At first he thought that that was just some type of folksy humor from Florida, but as soon as she got a good look at it the alligator started opening its mouth up wide, causing her to slam the door to the outhouse.

"Dammit, isn't there anywhere else I can use the bathroom?" Jill said looking around as Henry came over.

"What's the matter Jill, cat got your tongue?" Henry asked.

Jill shook her head. "Nope alligator got the outhouse, only in Florida right?! Back in New York there were legends that if you flushed an alligator down the sewer that it would come back to bite you in the ass rather literally after it grows to giant size, but it looked like something happened along those lines for real down here. Is there anywhere else I can go to the bathroom?"

Henry shook his head. "I'm afraid that outhouse is the only place to go to the bathroom around here."

"But there is a freaking alligator in the outhouse!" Jill said as she pointed to the outhouse.

Henry laughed. "I can see how that's kind of a problem, so I guess you are just going to have to either learn to live with the alligator or you're going to have to hold it."

"But I have to go really really really badly!"

"Badly enough to risk an alligator biting your ass off?"

"I can tell you if an alligator was going to eat my ass he would end up choking on it because that's an awfully big meal! But I'm serious, I really really need the bathroom, and I don't think that I can wait very long."

"Well I guess your only options are to find some place to squat outside or you could just wait for the alligator to leave."

"But I have to go to the bathroom right now, and I don't think that the alligator is going to leave anytime soon."

"Well I guess you are just going to have to hold it then, the alligator was there first and I don't think that you want to argue with him."

"Right now I think I would argue with an alligator if they could be reasoned with because I really really have to go to the damn bathroom!"

Jill started bending at the knees and swaying from side to side looking at the outhouse. "This is ridiculous, how come people don't have something to keep alligators out of the outhouses around here? I mean I knew the bathroom situation out here in the swamp wasn't ideal, but at least back in New York I didn't have to worry about dealing with alligators when I went to the bathroom!"

"Yeah Florida is kind of crazy like that, oh well good luck Jill, I guess you just going to have to keep holding it if you don't want to deal with the alligator."

Jill started pacing back and forth. Obviously she couldn't use the outhouse with the alligator in there, but she didn't know a safe way of removing an alligator from an outhouse. As Jill contemplated what to do, she found the urge to urinate growing stronger by the minute. She wondered how strong the urge to go to the bathroom had to be that she would actually risk being eaten by an alligator just to relieve herself. She thought that it would be quite a while before she would be willing to take that chance, but then on the other hand she had to pee pretty damn bad right then and there.

"Is the alligator still in the outhouse?" Henry said as he came back later as Jill hopped from foot to foot.

"Judging from the way you are standing I'm going to guess yes."

"But isn't there somebody who can come and maybe get the alligator out of the outhouse for us?"

Henry shook his head. "We would end up having to call animal control most likely, and they might not even come today for all we know."

"Well I can't wait all day to go to the bathroom, I am ready to explode here!" Jill said thrusting her hands between her legs and bending tightly at the knees. "The fact that we are near a swamp full of lots of water is certainly not helping."

"There's a song that comes to mind, pee with you later alligator, I'll go in a while with you crocodile," Henry said as he started singing.

"But it's not funny, my bladder is about to explode, we have to find some way to get the alligator out of the outhouse right friggin now!"

Jill was finding it hard to think straight with so much pressure in her bladder, but she knew nothing about alligators or how to remove them from outhouses, and she was thinking that this probably wasn't a typical first world bathroom problem she was used to dealing with.

"I almost feel like that woman in that movie Crawl where she was stuck in her basement surrounded by killer alligators, at least except then she was in the water so she could probably just pee herself and nobody would notice!" Jill shouted as she could barely contain herself. She needed a bathroom and she needed it now.

"So Jill, still wondering what to do about the alligator situation?" Henry said as he walked back over.

"I'm just going to make lots of noise and hopefully that will draw the alligator out."

Jill started taking out her airhorn and began blowing it hoping that that would eventually scare the alligator away. As she hopped from foot to foot playing with her airhorn like that she felt like an idiot, but she was totally out of ideas, and she wanted to get that alligator out of there just so she could go to the freaking bathroom already.

"I don't think you're going to get to go to the bathroom anytime soon Jill," Henry said. "Probably better you just hold it in, I think that the alligator has you beat on this one."

Jill shook her head, as she was not going to let her resolve be swayed until she had finally gone to the bathroom. Maybe she was the one thinking with her reptile brain but she continued making lots of noise and racket until all of the sudden she saw the door to the outhouse open up, and the alligator crawled out and back into the swamp.

"Ha, you said it wouldn't work, now if you'll excuse me I'm going to pee!" Jill said as she ran to the outhouse, pulled down her pants and finally began relieving herself. However when she was done she realized there was no toilet paper. "Great what else could go wrong today," she said as she opened the outhouse door to find herself surrounded on all sides by lots of large reptilian creatures. "I had to ask didn't I?"

"Well look on the bright side Jill, at least you got to go to the bathroom, because I don't think we are going to be going anywhere soon," Henry said.

"Honestly I don't know how this situation could be worse, stuck at an outhouse and completely surrounded by alligators."

"Well if it makes you feel any better Jill I think that they're actually crocodiles."

As Jill looked around at the situation she simply shrugged her shoulders and threw up her hands in frustration. "Only in Florida!"

However she thought that it could be worse, at least she got to go to the bathroom, because if she hadn't this situation probably was frightening enough it would have caused her to piss herself.

