Little Red Riding Hood Needs to Pee

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2024-02-12 19:54

I have to admit I have been still in a little bit of a fetish slump and haven't been in a fetish mood lately but the other day I just came across this really short one on my list and I got some good ideas for it, so I decided to go with it, so I hope that you all enjoy. Nothing really new to add because lately I have had a lot of computer trouble and somebody ended up hacking my Amazon account and just a whole bunch of troubles that have been a lot of stress lately and that sort of kills my desire for my fetish. But I came across this story on my list and decided to go with it and I think it works pretty well as a short fairytale story involving desperation. Enjoy! Can also be read in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/14706.html

Little Red Riding Hood Needs to Pee

"Now Red I want you to go immediately to your grandmother's house and bring her this picnic basket, and I don't want you to get distracted doing anything else along the way, do you understand?" Red's mother said.

"I understand mom, I will get right to grandmother's house and I won't take any detours for any other reason as I know that she really is looking forward to this delicious basket full of food and drink," Red said as she put on her little red hood and immediately started going on her way to her grandmother's house.

As she was walking to her grandmother's house though she realized that her grandmother actually lived pretty far away so it was probably going to be a long walk, and as she was walking she was realizing that all that walking was making her extremely thirsty, so she started taking some of the lemonade and some of the juices out of her grandmother's picnic basket and started drinking them. "I'm sure grandma won't mind if I drank just a little bit, she's old and probably won't even notice, and I know that she has overactive bladder so she probably shouldn't drink too much anyway," she said as she quickly guzzled down the drinks.

As she continued walking however she found herself getting thirstier and thirstier and drinking more and more. Naturally this led to something else.

"I could really use a bathroom around now!" she said but as she looked around she could see that there were no bathrooms on the road to grandmother's house, so she figured she had just better keep walking and hope that she gets there sooner rather than later before she found herself in a true bathroom emergency.

Although she was trying to take her mind off of the fact that she had to go to the bathroom she found herself stopping every couple of moments to cross her legs and dance in place. Now she was getting positively frantic.

"Hey Red how are you doing," Gretel said as her brother Hansel started tagging behind.

"Well I was going to bring this picnic basket full of delicious food to my grandmother's house but unfortunately while I was carrying it all there I started to get really thirsty, and well I really need a bathroom," she said hopping up and down and pulling on her red hood.

"Speaking of which that reminds me I could use a bathroom," Hansel said as he whipped it out and began peeing on the tree next to them as Red gritted her teeth as this was certainly not helping.

"We were actually going to go to this house that we saw that is made of gingerbread," Gretel said.

"Do you think that it will have a bathroom?" Red asked as she continued hopping up and down in place.

"Well it's a house made of gingerbread, so I don't see how it would have a plumbing system, because if you had a toilet and flushing it that would sort of make the gingerbread all soggy, I just don't see how the mechanics of it would work," Gretel said.

"Okay then I guess I will just continue onward to grandmother's house, as I am sure that she has a bathroom that isn't made of cookies or candies," Red said as she continued on her way. All of the sudden that's when she saw a small little man that she recognized as Rumpelstiltskin.

"Well well well it looks like someone needs a bathroom, care to make a deal with me?" Rumpelstiltskin asked.

"Oh no, I'm not making any more deals with you," Red said as she danced in place as she didn't need this interruption on her path to grandmother's house.

"Okay it's your loss," Rumpelstiltskin said as he shook his head. "I mean I'm sure I could take some straw and spin it somehow into something like a porta party or something out of it, but whatever."

She had to admit she was really tempted to take Rumpelstiltskin's offer to heart but she knew that she shouldn't do any business with him as it always tended to end really badly. So she continued on her way even though the pressure in her bladder was growing more intense with each passing moment.

"Hi Red how are you doing," Little Bo Peep said as she came along with her sheep.

"I'm going to my grandmother's house but I could really really use a bathroom really bad," she said.

"Yeah I know what that's like, one time I went to take a bathroom break and I lost all of my sheep, but luckily I eventually managed to find them, but I'm not going through that again, I'll just hold it," Little Bo Peep said. "Anyway good luck to getting to grandmother's house."

"Thanks," she said as she continued on her way. As she walked through the dark and scary forest she was starting to realize that this fairytale world that she lived in could really use some more bathrooms in their infrastructure. Sure it may be a magical fairytale kingdom but even fairytale people have to go to the bathroom sometimes, and the people who planned this community obviously didn't think that through. She thought about petitioning the King to do something about it but she heard about how the king Jack fell down and broke his crown and then Jill came tumbling down afterwards, and was still all broken up about it so it was probably not a good time to get on his bad side with all sorts of complaints.

She tried to take her mind off of the incredible pain in her bladder but that's when she finally saw it, it was her grandmother's house!

"Jesus finally!" Red said as she practically went running to her grandmother's house and knocked on the door as she stood there jumping up and down ready to piss herself.

"Well what a pleasant surprise," grandmother said as she opened the door. Maybe it was just because she was overwhelmed with the desire to go to the bathroom but she thought that there was something different about her grandmother that she couldn't quite place her finger on.

"It's really nice to see you grandma but you see I really really need a bathroom!" she said practically ready to explode.

"Please come in, let me see what you brought in that delicious picnic basket," grandmother said.

"Sure grandma but first I really really need a bathroom," she said before her grandmother grabbed her arm and she realized that grandma wasn't going to let her go to the bathroom just yet. She loved her grandmother but that was one thing she didn't like about her grandmother, she always wanted to talk to you before she even let you use the bathroom, but right now it was certainly an emergency.

"Come granddaughter, I am sure that you can wait just a moment to go to the bathroom," grandmother said as she led Red into the living room and by now she was grabbing herself and twisting her legs like crazy.

Even though she thought that maybe it was just her hallucinating from the fact that her bladder was stressing her out so much that she thought maybe the urine was going to her brain, but she noticed there was definitely something different about grandmother, now she was sure of it.

"Grandmother what big eyes you have," she said as she noticed her grandmother's eyes seemed a lot larger than she remembered them being.

"The better to see you with my dear."

"Did you say pee?"

"No, I said see, why are you so fixated on urine? A young girl shouldn't be talking about her bladder like that, in my day it was unbecoming."

"And grandmother what big hands and big feet you have and big teeth, and oh dammit you're a wolf aren't you?!" she said and practically pissed herself when she made that realization but she luckily clutched her legs together at the last moment so only a single drop or two got out. Luckily she had been doing her Kegel exercises in case of just such an encounter with some kind of supernatural creature or monster. She really made a commitment to not pissing herself in fear whenever she saw something unexplained, as she didn't want everybody making fun of her like they use to about the last time she pissed herself when she saw that dragon.

"You shouldn't use language like that in front of your grandmother!" Grandma Wolf said as she waved her finger dismissively.

"You're not my grandmother, you're a giant wolf and you're probably about to eat me!"

"Guilty as charged," grandma Wolf said before she grabbed little red riding hood and stuffed her down her throat. Grandma Wolf smiled as she patted her stomach when all of the sudden she didn't really feel so good and immediately began spitting up little red riding hood who look a lot more relieved. "You pissed in my stomach didn't you!"

"Well it serves you right, you went to eat me and I told you that I had a full bladder!" She said and as grandma was gagging and coughing she realized that that was probably her opportunity to get out of there and ran all the way home.

When she got home she was standing there and that her mother could see that there were wet spots on her pants and shook her head.

"Oh Red I thought that you were better than that, you haven't had an accident in a long time, not since you had seen that dragon," her mother said.

"I'm sorry mother but it was just when I was walking to grandmother's house I got really thirsty and I ended up drinking all of the juice in the picnic basket, and then by the time I got there it turned out that grandma had been eaten and replaced by a wolf who then ate me, and then as soon as the wolf ate me I pissed myself," she said practically out of breath.

"Well I guess I can't blame you for that then, and at least things turned out better for you than they did for Hansel and Gretel."

"What happened to Hansel and Gretel?"

"You don't even want to know!"

Red simply shook her head and thought to herself that that gingerbread house probably didn't have a bathroom after all.

I guess seeing as I again I mostly write speculative fiction it was probably inevitable I was probably going to do a fairytale story involving pee desperation, and I just sort of got the idea of Little Red Riding Hood going to her grandmother's house but needing to go to the bathroom along the way. Originally it was just going to be a really short one where she gets to her grandmother's house and then when she sees her grandmother is actually a wolf she was going to piss herself, but then I sort of padded out by having her meet all of these other fairytale characters which I think made it better, and then I thought it was pretty funny that the grandmother eats her and then she goes to the bathroom and that ultimately ends up saving her in the end, but not so for poor Hansel and Gretel…

I can honestly see myself writing more stories along these lines such as Cinderella Or Sleeping Beauty, or something else like that, there's a real lot of potential when you start thinking of all these fairytales and how you can adapt them to a situation where a woman has to go to the bathroom. And I even somehow managed to get a reference to Jack and Jill in there, so I still managed to get Jill in there I guess even in a story where I didn't name the character after myself!

*003*2024-02-18 21:00

@Roronoa Zoro

"I would love to read more stories about these Fairytale characters and is Pocahontas considered a Fairytale character."

If you're asking was Pocahontas a real character she was a real historical figure, if you're asking about the Disney character Pocahontas then no that was not an accurate description. In fact the real Pocahontas it was sort of a disturbing thing because John Smith ended up marrying her as an 11-year-old girl and then bringing her back to England.

I admit though it is true that I do like taking fairytale characters and putting them into weird situations. I am actually writing an entire book under my own name of just modernized version of fairytales that are even more deranged than the originals that inspired them. And I have done a couple of stories with fairytale characters involving feces, but those weren't really fetish stories, they were more comedic.

It is definitely true though that I might end up doing more of these, as I was thinking this would work really well with Cinderella or sleeping beauty and a whole bunch of other fairytale characters. But again like the majority of my stories they probably only have a 1% chance of being written simply because I think of about 100 times more stories than I can write and the omorashi stories that I post here only like 1% of every story that I write with the majority being horror and science fiction. But I do keep up with fairytales, mythology and things of that nature, so it does inspire a lot of story ideas. As I always tell people there's a rich cultural mythology from all different cultures out there, there's plenty of things to inspire stories from that that a lot of people just aren't tapping into.

I probably do have a bunch of stories involving fairytales and omorashi on my list that I probably just forgotten about. I just came across this one randomly on my list one day while looking for another story that was near it, and I thought you know what why don't you just go for it, because it was one I thought I could write pretty quickly and I hadn't written in omorashi story in a while.

*006*2024-02-24 21:47

I actually almost completely forgot that I actually did do another fairytale one, where I did a desperation version of Rapunzel, although it was more a parody of the Disney version Tangled than the actual original fairytale.

*009*2024-02-25 22:34

@cathong

"What happened to the actual grandma? And the wolf is a she-wolf?"

In the original fairytale it was implied that the grandma was a werewolf who ended up eating her and then apparently the woodcutter came and cut her out of the stomach, but I thought since this was one about pee I figured that the grandmother would just spit her up because she ended up being inside of her grandmother's stomach!

@LifeIsStrange

"Did you post that one on here yet? If so I must've missed it."

The story is called Rapunzel's Desperate Day Out Of the Tower. I posted in my blog on June 27, 2022 and I assume that I also posted here since I always do or at least since I've been a member here, so that's where I would look for it.

*015*2024-02-26 21:15

@cathong

"The more familiar version is the woodcutter saved both the grandma and the red hood from the wolf. There's an original versiom where the grandma herself is the wolf?"

I am pretty sure that in the original version that the grandmother was eaten by a wolf and then the wolf sort of dressed up like the grandmother in order to eat little red riding hood, and then the woodcutter came and cut her out of the wolf's stomach. So maybe it wasn't exactly a werewolf but I always thought that it was meant to be implied that it was a werewolf story. There was a movie that I remember watching back in 2011 called Red Riding Hood which was about a girl who was hunting werewolves, another movie from 2010 that was called Red Werewolf Hunter which was about a family line who go around killing werewolves.

I also have two other movies that are simply named Red Riding Hood that I haven't got around to watching yet, one looks like a gruesome horror film and one I think is more of a children's film. So the whole lot of different versions rotations of that, this one happens to be my omorashi interpretation, which once again can probably work with a lot of fairytales, I could probably make an entire book just of fairytale stories involving omorashi honestly, it's not really that hard to translate a lot of these fairy tales and myths and legends into stories about women needing to go to the bathroom, it is surprisingly easy! This is why I'll never understand people who run out of story ideas, you can just take one idea there's so much you can do with it.

