Nina's wet mishaps

Author: dirtytommys

*000*2019-07-27 19:36

Not much of a writer but here it goes guys. Critizise.. but dont be to harsh. I could possibly continue it if anyone actually enjoys it.

Mina and her family lived in a small house with only 2 bedrooms. Which meant that she had to share a room with her sister Luna, who was 12 and her brother Marco, who was 10. Mina was a year and a half older than Luna. They were set to leave town for the weekend so the night before the siblings decided to stay up and play video games together. Mina had been drinking Hawaiian punch juice alongside with her siblings and soon felt a twinge in her bladder and she would soon have to use the bathroom.

It wasn't too urgent but the feeling was definitely there. While playing Marco said something funny which caused both Mina and Luna to double over in laughter. Mina heard a short hissing sound and immediately realized that she was leaking pee. She clamped her hands and squeezed her legs and stopped the flow but her front area felt wet. She hurriedly rushed to the toilet upstairs and lost a few more spurts before finally making it to the toilet where she lowered her shorts and panties and finished most of her pee in the toilet.

Now finished peeing, She looked down and noticed that her dark shorts had a very small wet spot barely visible, her panties had taken most of the hits. She placed her panties on the bottom of the dirty laundry hamper hoping they would dry out by the time her mom did laundry. Now making it back downstairs her siblings were clueless as to her dilemma and they continued playing for about an hour before heading to bed. Luna made a comment about dying to pee and nearly peeing her pants from laughing to hard and made her way to the toilets.

Mina decided to head straight to bed even though her bladder had filled again but did not feel urgent. Fast asleep Mina was now dreaming that she was with her siblings playing videogames and needed to pee, it felt as if she was reliving last night in her dream. In her dream, once she felt the urge to pee she simply went to the bathroom and sat on the toilet and released her pee. Except While peeing she felt as if her butt was getting warm, and she was starting to feel wet along her front area and backside.

Her eyes opened slowly and confused as her shorts were sticking to her legs. Still unsure of what was happening, she placed her hands on her shorts under the blanket and felt her heart sink as her fingers felt the wet fabric on her short. She grabbed her phone flashlight and flashed it down towards her pants and to her horror she had wet the bed. The sheets under her were soaked in her pee. Quickly looking around she noticed that her siblings were sound asleep. Feeling extremely embarrassed she was not prepared as the oldest sister to wake up anyone to let them know that she soaked the bed.

She quietly grabbed her sheets and her wet blanket off the bed and also grabbed herself a new pair of panties and pajamas as she stripped her wet shorts and panties and took them all downstairs to the laundry and ran it immediately. While the laundry was running she quietly went back to her room and flipped her mattress so that the wet part was now on the bottom. Unable to shower because the shower was right next to her parents bedroom she definitely did not want to awaken them. She wiped her legs down with a few wipes and were a fresh pair of panties, changed her sheets and put everything else in the dryer. She layed back down and she smelled the faint smell of pee as she slowly drifted fast asleep.

Let me know what you guys think.

*002*2019-09-03 17:17

{{18 minutes ago, Piddly said:

Really enjoyed this as a first attempt @dirtytommys

. Sorry, I must have missed it when it was first posted, only just stubbed across it. Would definitely like to see a second instalment - it works as a one shot, but I'd say it's got legs (hopefully pee streaked ones ) if you fancied having a go at carrying it on.

Think there are a few others on here who will enjoy it too. Hopefully they'll see it now that I've commented.

}}

Thank you piddly! you're a rockstar on this site right now so I really appreciate it.

*003*2019-09-03 22:59

I'll continue this and see where it goes.. again I am as amateur as it gets when it comes to grammar and all that good stuff so bear with me.

The next morning Luna awoke, and her itchy legs immediately reminded her of the rough night she had. Quickly rising out of bed she grabbed her sheets from the dryer and folded them away. Anna and Greg which were her parents were already up and had everything packed in the car as they were ready to go on the road trip. Marco was also up and had used the bathroom and gotten ready and was now having breakfast. Luna was still asleep. Mina was now in the bathroom and finished up peeing and jumped in the shower.

Anna yelled for Luna to wake up and get ready. She quickly dressed and passed by the bathroom and seen that it was occupied. She grabbed a cup of orange juice and had toast with it. Mina was now standing in the kitchen wearing black leggings and a regular white flannel shirt. The parents ushered for everyone to get in the car, and Luna stood from the kitchen table wearing a very short pair of blue jean shorts and a tanktop. They all made their way to the car.

###

Setting forth to what would be a six hour drive to a town that they would spend the next five days in. The three kids hunched in the back with Luna sitting in the middle and Marco and her older sister Mina both occupying the window seats. As soon as they started their drive Luna quickly realised that she hadn't peed that morning and was already feeling fairly desperate to pee. Also knowing that there was no way that she could ask her dad to stop because they literally just started driving. So she pulled out her nintendo switch and started playing a game while also sipping on a bottle of cold water because the orange juice from earlier actually made her thisty. Before she knew it she finished the whole bottle of water.

Sitting next to Luna, Mina was sitting there flashing back to the night before. She always had sudden urges to pee but hadnt wet herself completely in atleast 2 years, and yet last night she almost completely lost control while laughing and running to the bathroom and also completely wetting the bed at night. Feeling slightly embarrassed but also felt something bumping her leg, as she looked over to Luna who was constantly squirming around in her chair and had also put down her Nintendo at this point.

Mina couldn't help but remember that Luna hadnt used the bathroom that morning and had drank a cup of orange juice and had completely downed her bottle of water. "Gosh quit moving around Luna, you're annoying me!!" Shouted Marco which caused Anna to tell the kids to settle down and asked Luna if she was ok? Her 10 year old brain not wanting to upset her parents Luna said she was fine. In reality Luna was bursting to pee and they had only been on the road for thirty minutes. She sat there quietly, legs clenched, truly hoping a toilet would magically appear in front of her, her bladder had really filled and Mina could see that her sister was in distress.

*005*2019-09-04 21:56

"The next morning Luna awoke, and her itchy legs immediately reminded her of the rough night she had."

I'm sorry guys typo the name was supposed to be Mina not Luna

*006*2019-09-07 15:17

Part 3

Luna had now put her nintendo down and was sitting still not wanting to draw any more attention to herself. She looked at the time, IT HAD ONLY BEEN 45 MINUTES SINCE THEY LEFT! Luna now really had a pained expression on her face, she looked to her sister for help but Mina had her eyes closed and her earbuds in her ears listening to music.

Luna being the shy type, she didn't want to bother anyone, so she just sat there with gritted teeth, both hands clenched, she was really unsure how to get out of this one and she really did not think it through. Suddenly feeling helpless she blurts out can we please stop somewhere, I have to pee. Sounding frustrated Greg answered that they just hit the freeway and she would have to wait for the rest stop which was 30 miles away.

Luna was now sitting with her legs clinched together, rubbing her thighs, doing anything to keep this stream off pee from flooding her shorts and the car. Now slightly hunched over in the seat, nothing seemed to be working at this point as she felt on the brink of losing control. All of her focus was on her aching bladder as she quietly moaned to herself in pain. Her little body could only hold in so much liquid before it needed to be released one way or another. Luna asked how much longer and her mom answered 15 more minutes hun just hang on.

Luna's bladder had other ideas though as she felt a spurt escape dampening her panties and possibly a bit of her shorts. Again not wanting to draw attention she didnt dare check her shorts for a wetspot, but she could definitely feel wetness in her panties. The first spurt was just the beginning as she felt a slightly longer spurt before regaining control slightly. Literally seconds later a longer stream escaped causing her thighs to get wet and her butt also got wet. She was now constantly losing the battle as the streams got longer and harder to control.

She looked up and saw that they were pulling into the rest area. They parked and Mina exited the car and now waited for Luna to come out. As she came out that was an unmistakable wet patch on her shorts. "Oh Honey you wet yourself, marco please pass me your sisters bag so we can get her a change of clothes." Anna grabbed Luna's hand and led her towards the restrooms. Luna's bladder had given up and as luna was walking to the bathroom, her bladder completely released, streams of pee were running down her legs as she walking next to her mom. By the time they made it inside the stall, Luna's legs were drenched.

