Femdom Massage Wetting

Author: dingdongbobbui

*000*2025-08-14 19:32

"Alright then, you can have a seat and your masseuse will call you shortly." The older lady confidently leaned forward, exposing more cleavage as she scanned me up and down, observing my own clothing, body, or something. It both flattered and confused me, so I politely thanked her and headed toward my seat.

Frankly, when my doctor said a massage would help alleviate some stress from my studies, I didn't know where to begin looking for a good place - so I ended up just looking around for the first massage parlor I could find right after I spoke with him, since I had to get back to class the next day, and exams were next week. The closest parlor seemed to be a converted home not far from the clinic - and being the only other person in the room, I'm unsure if the masseuse was with one other person or if the older lady herself was the masseuse in fact.

Maybe there's a certain attire for getting a massage? Like I said... I've never been to one! So I don't know what I'm doing. I was wearing pretty standard clothes - a black tank top that was maybe just a little tight, but since I'm a pretty fit and slim build, if anything it was quite flattering. For pants, I was simply wearing some gym shorts. They were a smaller pair as well, and maybe she had seen some of my boxer briefs peak out from underneath, but I think I should be okay, right?

Anyways, I played on my phone for at least thirty minutes when I realized I was still waiting for this masseuse. I was getting a little frustrated. One, it would have been nice to give me a heads up about the wait time. Two, I had gotten an urge to pee after drinking quite a bit amount of water before arriving at the doctors office. I was expecting to pee in a cup there, but alas, for once, they did not ask me to head to the bathroom. So now I was left with an urge to go.

I walk up to the older lady, grinning to hear my question. "How may I help? The masseuse should be ready in a couple of minutes."

I nod. "Is there any bathroom I can head to while I wait for her?"

"Bathroom?" The older lady tilted her head. Right before she can answer, the door behind her opens up to a red-headed women, likely a decade older than me, in a yellow gown that defined her features brilliantly. She stunned me, to say the least. "You can call whoever in next." She grinned as she looked at me, as if she had heard my conversation with the older lady moments prior.

Well, the older lady got up from her seat and guided me to a small, candle lit room in the back of the building. As I walked in, I felt the urgency grow in my groin as I settled down, realizing that the act of holding it in was about to make this massage more stressful than easy. And holding in my pee when my masseuse was beautiful? Kind of embarrassing! I hadn't even brought up in concerns when the older lady began to speak. "Don't worry about your bladder. Our masseuse... she's got a way of handling our lack of bathroom". I had no idea what she had meant. Yet, the older lady continued despite my visible confusion, opening the door to the redhead masseuse.

"You need a bathroom?" The masseuse said.

"Umm, I was told there wasn't one?"

"Correct." she nodded and smiled. "Would you like me to take your clothes off for you? My massage works best on bare skin."

I was just here for a massage, and I had never had been touched by an older woman, seemingly eager to strip me. The redhead had caught my nerves and spoke again before I could answer. "Don't worry, you can keep your undies on."

Undies? Kind of a weird way of speaking to someone in college. But she lifted her finger and put it underneath my tank top, and my heart rate exploded as I nodded my head. The older lady let out a small laugh as she walked out and closed the door behind her, leaving me with just the masseuse, a massage bed, and some candles. She lifted up my tank top, then shoved down my gym shorts to expose my almost completely nude body to her.

With her direction, I laid on my stomach as she lightly held my shoulders and brought her hands gently down my back. The mix of emotions I began to feel as she caressed my back and shoulders were too much to explain. One side of me had become unexpectedly aroused as I envisioned her touching me right above my bright blue boxer briefs, tightly gripping onto my features, including quite a solid ass I had. I wanted to see hers too, and I wondered if I ended up in one of those fantasy massage parlors with happy endings. On the other hand, being on my stomach and her gentle hands had occasionally gone firm and hard, pressing down on my bladder. My urge to pee had only gotten worse and worse as she pressed harder and harder on me. I'm an adult - I don't pee myself. Especially in front of attractive women.

As the massage got more and more intense, I couldn't help myself but occasionally squirm. It had gotten really tough to hold it in, and I had gotten the sense that the masseuse recognized it.

"Do you need help with your bladder muscles?" She let out a soft laugh as she gently laid her hand directly on and below my ass cheek, giving it a small squeeze.

"Um... I.." I couldnt answer. The answer was yes, I had to pee incredibly bad and my desperation was reaching a breaking point. But I couldn't tell her that.

"That's okay sweetie... it's normal to having a hard time holding it in" In a demeaning manner, she pushed my my ass cheek with one hand, and in another pressed firmly on my lower back, pressuring my bladder. "Take a deep breath with me on three... two... one!"

Of course I listened to her. I took a deep breath in, and continued listening to her sexy, sexy voice.

"All the stress of holding it in... all the energy, the focus, the resilience..." Her calm, whisper voice contrasted immensely as she pressed harder and harder on my bladder, even if I couldnt feel it. "Its okay. You can lay down your barriers." She slowly moved her hand that had pushed against my cheek lower and more center, now pressing down right below my balls. "Breathe out."

Breathing out had released an immense amount of tension in my body. For the first time since starting university, I didn't feel the stress, anxiety, or pressure of anything. Including my bladder, unfortunately. When I had caught the feeling of a stream in my underwear jet out and dampen the front. I jerked my head up immediately. But it was already too late, as the masseuse had felt the urine patch my underwear with her own hands.

"Oh." She enamored. "Someone just let out a little leak."

I immediately began apologizing profusely, saying it had gotten really hard to control myself because of how good she was at releasing my stress. She interrupted me with another firm press against my ass cheek, causing me to leak a little more. This was utterly humiliating, as I knew she had felt me lose control once more. However, I couldnt help but notice she was seemingly pleased.

"Sweetie, it's okay to have accidents like this." She rubbed my thigh. "Accidents like this are good. I think we should turn around to lay on our backs now."

Nervously, I obliged. I flipped myself over, taking a quick peak at my undies. On one hand, it was blatantly obvious I had lost control of myself a little, with a massive, baseball sized piss stain right where the tip of my dick laid. Not only that, the erotic power of her body and touch had blood pumping to my cock, and I couldnt help but notice the masseuse's infatuation with a semi-hard tent right near the piss stain. Instinctively, I used my hands to attempt covering up my humiliation, but to no avail.

"Woooow..." She proclaimed, as if she was literally drooling over my near-nude, yet piss stained body. "I love seeing boys like you have accidents on my bed."

This was utterly confusing. But I was still trying my best not to wet myself anymore, even as the masseuse walked over to my head and lifted up both of my arms. I looked up to catch a stellar view of her breasts above my head, exposing my sides as she tied my hands to rope. She followed through, using rope to tie up my feet as well. As she tied me, I caught myself uncontrollably squirming to see if I had any chance of getting up and holding myself again, to no success.

"Let's finish this massage, shall we...?" The redhead slowly took off her gown, unveiling an incredible, well developed body of a woman I have never seen. Raising herself directly on the bed, her legs spreading over mine, she began to massage my chest and abdomen with incredible pressure, making moan in pleasure and pain simultaneously.

"Please, please!!!" I begged. "Its so hard to hold... I'm gonna wet myself more!!"

She lowered her head, putting her lips directly in front of mine. All I could see was her devious, but pleasured expression. "Good. release it all!" She whispered directly in front of me. Letting down a powerful kiss that disrupted my control immsensely, she grabbed my armpits and firmly pressed down as she lowered her hands to my sides. I let out a powerful moan as I spurted urine directly out of a fully erected cock, eventually turning into a full on explosive accident. My piss began pooling all over my blue undies and on the bed. The masseuse watched in awe as my undies changed color, squeezing my thighs and pressing down on my cock that I had lost complete control over.

I was no longer dry. My accident had completely ruined my boxer briefs, and I had felt lost and submissive to the powerful masseuse, who had made me into her little piss baby. Of course, I let her finish her massage. After stroking my cock through the piss stained undies, she pitied me.

"I can't believe someone like you lost control. Baby... you had an accident, didn't you?"

I laid silently, staring at my piss stained, yet tent-up undies.

"Its sooo okay..." she laughed as she slid her hand underneath the leg of my underwear, grabbing my ballsack and making me moan. "You wanna cum now, don't you?"

I ended the silence. "Make me cum... please..."

She didn't wait a single second to strip my undies off and reveal a six inch cock that had reeked of my little boy accident. She began my lightly using one finger to carress my ballsack, nearly making me cum without a single stroke of my cock. I wouldn't have been surprised, as she had already controlled me enough to wet myself like a child.

She used her other hand to slowly stroke my cock with the same firm pressure she had applied to my massage. And after a few minutes, I felt the most powerful orgasm I had ever experienced, ejaculating my load all over her face.

And before I left, she made sure to remind me to wear protection next time I come see her.

