The Difference Six Urinals Can Make

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2024-06-17 18:21

I have to admit I still haven't been in much of a fetish mood these last couple of months but then yesterday I started posting and responding to one of my favorite topics for the first time in a while and then I remembered this particular incident that took place when I was a lot younger and it sort of inspired this story except I changed a lot of details to draw the story out more and make it more dramatic. It looks like that my summer job that I had last year that provided so much desperation is not going to be back this year that's probably for the best even though I know that readers of my blog will be disappointed because that would certainly put me in the fetish mindset again, but maybe it is for the best because my health has been crappy and I think that I have become a little bit more calm and sane without all of these periodic fetish binges that I used to go on but that now seem pretty rare.

I haven't really had a major fetish binge since October which is the longest I have ever gone so maybe I have largely gotten it out of my system, but then yesterday I had kind of a fetish day and that resulted in this story so I hope that you enjoy it. The story also does it contain a little bit of poop desperation but no scat, just as a warning because I know that some people don't even like that aspect even as far as desperation goes in a pee desperation story, but it's a really minor point really.

Blog link - https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/15500.html

The Difference Six Urinals Can Make

Jill wished that she hadn't drank so much, as she thought that they would have been at the rest stop sooner, but it had been a good three hours now, and she was beginning to get a little bit antsy.

"Are we almost at the rest stop yet, I really need to go to the bathroom," Jill said as she looked at her watch and realized it had been several hours now.

"Yeah I have to go to the bathroom really bad too," Brenda said as she scarfed down another brand muffin, which she then washed down with a large bottle of juice.

"Well remember as soon as the bus stops we have to bolt for the bathroom, because these rest stops are only like 15 minutes long, and the lines for the bathroom can really be outrageous, and I really don't want to have to wait until the next rest stop because I already have to go pretty badly right now."

Robert shook his head. "You ladies and bathrooms, it's like you're always ready to jump out of your seat at every single rest stop, don't worry, there's plenty of bathrooms to go around."

"No there aren't," Jill said. "None of these rest stops ever have enough bathrooms for women, you don't understand because the guys are always able to go to the bathroom in like five seconds."

"Yeah because we don't take like six hours to go to the bathroom, we just go in there do our business and get the hell out of there," Robert said as he continued drinking his soda. "I don't understand why there is always such a gargantuan line at the ladies room, you just must not know how to use the bathroom efficiently. If guys can use the bathroom in five minutes there's no reason it should take women a half-hour."

Jill wanted to try and lecture Robert about all of the complexities about using a restroom as a woman, and how it's not as easy as it is for him as a guy, but right now she was just intent on getting to the bathroom as quickly as possible.

As soon as the bus came to a full stop Brenda wasted no time in jumping up from her seat and quickly waddling down the aisles. Jill followed pretty soon afterwards, but soon they were pushing their way to the front of the bus, but being bottlenecked by other men and women. Jill always hated this part, she wasn't very fast and she knew that if she wasn't fast she wouldn't be at the front of the line, and she didn't want to wait an hour and 1/2 longer until they reached their final destination.

Soon they got out of the bus and they all began charging towards the restrooms like they always did, and as they made their way to the lobby area of the rest stop they noticed it was a rather small rest stop, probably not used to a large volume of visitors. This immediately made Jill start to get nervous, and her fears were confirmed when they got inside of the building to be confronted with a long ladies room line snaking down the hall from the ladies room. Through some miracle she and Brenda had gotten reasonably close to the front of the line, and she was just praying that they would be able to get to use the bathroom before their 15 minutes were up.

"Oh Lord this line is huge," Jill said. "Let's just pray it moves really quickly, because I have to go pretty damn bad."

"You have to go bad, you have no idea how badly I have to go," Brenda said as she sort of danced around in place. Jill would actually find it pretty amusing if not for the fact that she felt she probably had to go to the bathroom worse.

As they looked over at the adjacent men's room they realized that although there was a line that the line was moving rapidly, whereas their line didn't seem to be moving all that much, if at all. However they were close enough to the front of the line that as long as the line moved reasonably fast they should both get to be able to go to the bathroom. As they looked at the line behind them they could see a lot of frowning women who were crossing their arms and legs and looking annoyed, probably annoyed that they weren't towards the front of the line.

Within what looked like about two minutes flat Rob had already exited the men's room and was looking a lot more relieved as he came over to Jill and Brenda in line and shook his head. "You know I will never understand you women, why do you have such a huge line when the men are all able to get in and out of the bathroom in five seconds? You just spend all your time doing your makeup and chatting in there or something?"

"No, we do this thing called using the bathroom, where we sit on the toilet and we relieve ourselves," Jill said laughing, although she wasn't laughing about the fact that the line didn't seem to be moving very quickly. "You know they really should give the women more toilets."

"I think that women probably have enough toilets, if only you knew how to use them more efficiently the way guys do," Rob said. "Look I am sure that you have the same amount of toilets that we do, probably more."

"Excuse me but how many stalls are there in the ladies room," Brenda said to a woman coming out of the ladies room.

"Two stalls," the woman said as she shook her head.

"See that is the exact same number of stalls they have in the men's room, if we could use the bathroom that quickly I don't understand why you ladies can't do likewise," Rob said.

"Two stalls is not adequate when you have a line 40 women long," Jill said. "I don't know how you guys manage to go to the bathroom so much quicker. Wait a minute, do you have any urinals in the men's room?"

"Yes," Rob said.

"How many?" Jill asked.

"Like six," Rob said.

"Well no wonder you don't have any line, you have six more places to go to the bathroom than we do!" Jill shouted.

"I don't think that putting urinals in the women's room would do much good," Rob said.

"No, I mean that they should give us like eight stalls so that we have as many places to go as you do," Jill said.

"Yeah but the urinals just easily fit across the wall, to give women eight stalls you would have to have a restroom like four times as large, that's just kind of ridiculous don't you think?" Rob asked.

"Well if you were waiting for two stalls while the women had eight stalls I think you would probably be pretty annoyed don't you think?" Jill said, and now she was getting a little bit agitated because the line was moving very slowly, but with any luck at least they were almost inside of the bathroom. "And honestly guys could probably make do with two stalls and still be able to get in and out of the bathroom more quickly."

"Yeah, because peeing is something that we are just better at," Rob said laughing.

"If I had a penis right now I would pee all over you," Jill said as Brenda and some of the other women in line began laughing and a couple began clapping.

Rob shook his head. "Women and bathrooms, I will never understand either of them, let alone both of them together."

Jill felt a little bit relieved when she saw that they were getting into the door of the ladies room, and now they could actually see the inside of it, but there were still several women in front of them.

"This is going to be a close one," Jill said as she pressed her knees together. Now that they were getting closer to the toilet she found her need growing more urgent.

"Yeah I think that I am going to be firing on both cylinders," Brenda said with a laugh but Jill actually didn't find that funny.

"Look if you have to do more than pee you really have to let me go first," Jill said. "I have to go really bad."

Brenda shook her head. "Trust me I have to go worse, I have to go worse on both cylinders!"

"Stop saying both cylinders," Jill said, as she was now finding herself a little bit annoyed with Brenda. Maybe it wasn't entirely her fault that she had to do a bigger production, although she was scarfing down those brand muffins like nobody's business. She should have been more considerate and more responsible than that. But to be fair Jill could see that she was also drinking like a maniac, so she probably did have to pee extremely bad.

"I'm sorry but I really have to blast one out," Brenda said and Jill almost found it humorous how she was very unabashed about her bathroom needs, but was also getting rather annoyed with her because she knew that Brenda tended to take her time in the bathroom. "Don't worry I think it's going to come out pretty quickly based on how bad I have to go right now."

Jill was gritting her teeth, she didn't want to get in a fight with Brenda over this, but now she was getting really anxious because she could see that time was running short. Jill could see that the other toilet didn't seem like anybody was coming out, and now as Brenda also had to do more than just urinate that was making her situation even more precarious.

"Brenda please, I really have to go," Jill said.

"Well I have to go very badly for both, so I think that makes my needs more urgent, don't you think?" Brenda said and Jill could see that there was no arguing with her. Jill was trying not to get mad at Brenda but at the same time she was realizing that her own opportunity to relieve herself seemed to be in jeopardy.

"Can you please just let me go in front of you?"

Brenda shook her head, she was really inflexible when it came to this. "Sorry Jill but it's first come first serve, and my ass is first in line, but don't worry I will warm the seat up for you!"

"Just please please hurry up," Jill said as Brenda opened the door to the stall and closed it. As Jill stood there fidgeting in front of the two stalls, both of which were now occupied, she was really hoping that the woman in the other stall was almost done, because she knew the Brenda often liked to take her time.

As Jill stood there waiting patiently for Brenda to go to the bathroom that was when she heard what sounded like a race horse peeing, as Brenda let out a moan of relief before it sounded like she started doing more, and Jill could hear plopping noises.

"The best part about a good meal is it feels as good going out as it does going in," Brenda said as she couldn't help but laugh and sound rather relaxed.

Jill was looking awkwardly at the long line of women behind them who were all standing there with their arms and legs crossed and frowning and looking annoyed. She couldn't blame them, but right now she found herself a little bit embarrassed by the fact that her friend was the one who was holding everybody up.

"Everybody who is on the bus, I think we have to get back on the bus," the bus driver said as she came into the bathroom and all of the women began groaning.

"I'll be out in a second," Brenda shouted, but it sounded like she was still going to the bathroom. Jill could see all of the other women reluctantly leaving the bathroom as she marched out with them and was just absolutely fuming at Brenda, who had cost her her one trip to the bathroom, and now she would have to wait another hour and 1/2 before that opportunity came again.

"Where's Brenda," Rob said as Jill came out of the bathroom trying to act like she was more relaxed than she actually was.

"Well you know the way she is, she has to make a big production of everything," Jill said rolling her eyes just as Brenda came up behind her and shouted boo, causing her to jump up. "Don't scare me like that!"

Jill wasn't about to admit however that she almost wet her pants with fear because of being startled.

"You don't have to be going telling Rob about my bathroom activities," Brenda said laughing and looking way more relaxed than she had just a couple of minutes ago. "But wow it certainly did feel good, I mean good God did I have to go! Honestly it's a really good thing that I made it, as I certainly don't think that I could be sitting on top of that for another hour and 1/2, that's for sure!"

"Well hey at least you ladies both got to go," Rob said as Jill suddenly realized he didn't realize that she didn't get to go to the bathroom, and that was when she realized that Brenda might not realize that either. So she was kind of wondering what she should do.

Brenda began laughing. "So you were that loud woman who got in the stall next to me just as I was finishing up, wow you really did have to go!"

Jill had to admit that that was an embarrassing comment, but at the same time she realized that Brenda didn't realize that she didn't get to go, so the question was did she just play it straight, or was this a situation where official denial was the best strategy?

"Brenda you don't need to go broadcasting my bathroom activities to the whole world if you don't mind," Jill said as she looked back towards the ladies room as they started walking back towards the bus. If only Brenda had been a little bit faster, just a tiny little bit faster, she wouldn't be in this situation. But she didn't want to give Brenda the satisfaction of knowing that she didn't get to go to the bathroom, so she would just have to try and play it cool for the next hour and 1/2. As she thought about how long that was and how bad she had to go she almost felt like admitting that she didn't get to go, but she was wondering if that would make it even more frustrating because then everybody would know that she had to go to the bathroom.

As the three of them got back on the bus, Jill sat down very slowly and carefully as she didn't want to agitate her bladder. Brenda of course plopped right down on the seat shaking the seat and breathing an exasperated grown as she stretched her arms and legs, but Jill knew that she was actually rather relaxed.

"It really does feel good to take a load off like that, to be able to stretch your legs and unload so to speak," Brenda said as she started stretching out in the seat. She looked so relaxed that Jill wanted to smack that smirk right off of her face, but she knew that if she did that it would give away the fact that she didn't get to go to the bathroom. That was when Brenda started taking out her brand muffins and eating again.

"You just went to the bathroom and now you're deciding to eat more?" Jill said.

Brenda patted her rather large stomach. "Well now I have made room for more! Are you sure you don't want some?"

"No, that's okay, I think I am good, I don't want to eat anything that is going to make me have to go to the bathroom...again," Jill added that again after a brief pause, and she was hoping that it wasn't giving away her situation. She didn't want Brenda to know that she had to go to the bathroom because she felt that that would make things more awkward. She didn't know why that would make things worse, but just the idea of Brenda knowing that she had to go to the bathroom still made her feel like she was giving up power to her or something. It was a crazy idea, but she couldn't get that idea out of her mind, it was festering in her mind like an aching wound.

About 15 minutes passed before they overheard some of the women in the front of the bus whispering about how they didn't get to go to the bathroom because some fat woman was hogging the toilet, and Jill didn't want to say anything. She also didn't want to admit that she still had to go to the bathroom, and that her need was growing worse. She felt like shaking her legs but she didn't want to make any fidgeting motion that would alert anyone to the fact that she had to go to the bathroom.

"Hey Jill is something on your mind," Brenda said as Jill was overhearing the other woman talking about their need to use the bathroom.

"What, no I'm just a little bit tired I guess," Jill said as she stretched her legs underneath the seat in front of them and subtly crossed her one ankle over the other one, as she felt that it was helping to take a little bit of the pressure off. Now it had been a good 3 1/2 hours since she had gone to the bathroom, and she knew that she had over an hour before they got to the next rest stop, and she figured by that time she would be at an absolute emergency level.

When the bus hit a couple of bumps 15 minutes later Jill tried her hardest not to wince visibly, but at that moment all she could think about was that she had to go to the bathroom really bad. The fact that all of the women behind them were complaining about their need for the bathroom didn't make it easy for her to forget the fact that she had to go.

"Geez it sounds like a lot of these women are complaining about how they didn't get to go to the bathroom due to you Brenda," Rob said shaking his head. "Once again you girls should learn to use the bathroom a lot quicker like guys can, I will never understand why you can't use a toilet efficiently."

"I've explained this to you a million times, you have urinals, so it's not as much of an issue," Jill said but she didn't really want to get in an argument right now, especially with her bladder feeling exceptionally full. "You have like six extra places to go to the bathroom, so you guys have nothing to complain about."

"Well luckily you both got to go, it looks like we're going to hit some traffic soon," Rob said as he looked at his phone.

"I guess we really lucked out on this one Jill," Brenda said as she laughed and took another drink of her soda. "Honestly if I didn't get to go to the bathroom I would be in absolute agony now, I couldn't imagine having to hold a full bladder and bowel for another hour, that would be pure torture."

Jill gritted her teeth. "Maybe we can talk about something else other than going to the bathroom."

"It looks like it's starting to rain," Robert said as he pointed out the window.

As Jill looked at all of the rain splashing on the ground she shook her head. "Don't we have something better to talk about than just the boring topic of the weather?"

Jill could see that several other women in the bus seemed like they were annoyed at the lack of opportunity to use the bathroom at the last rest stop, in fact she could hear them all talking about it, and the fact that they were talking about it was just reminding her of her own need to use the bathroom.

"When are we going to get to a bathroom!" one of the women in front of them shouted as several other women started speaking up in protest.

"Like one or two women were hogging up the entire bathroom," another woman said as Jill sat in her seat crossing her ankles subtly and trying to hide the fact that she really needed the bathroom pretty badly and increasingly worse by the moment.

"I think I have a pretty good idea who those two women were," Rob said pointing at Jill and Brenda.

"Hey I didn't hold up the bathroom, I didn't even get to go because she took so damn long," Jill said pointing to Brenda before regretting it because that was the last bit of information that she really wanted to give away to anyone.

Brenda couldn't help but smirk a little bit and begin giggling.

"Hey it's not funny, I really need to go pretty bad!" Jill said as she sank down in her seat a little bit and tried to take some more of the pressure off.

"Well at least now you don't have to be embarrassed, because now nobody thinks that you are that loud woman in the bathroom next to me when I was finishing up," Brenda said.

"Well Jill if you didn't go to the bathroom you must have to go pretty bad, seeing as you are ready had to go the rest stop and now it's been like four hours since the last time she went to the bathroom," Rob said.

"I'm aware of that," Jill said as she crossed her legs tightly and began tapping her foot nervously. Now that they knew she had to go to the bathroom anyway she might as well not try to hide it anymore, because at least fidgeting around made her feel a little bit better, although not a lot.

"Don't worry I am sure that we will be at the bathroom soon enough," Brenda said.

"Attention everybody, it has been brought to my attention that several of you have been asking when are we going to get to a bathroom, but I have no control over the traffic, so everybody will just have to sit tight, believe me I'm just as eager to get there as you are," the bus driver said over the intercom.

Jill threw her head back and moaned with frustration as she started tapping her feet nervously in rapid movement. Jill couldn't help but notice that Brenda couldn't stop snickering at that. "It's really not funny Brenda, believe me when we get off this bus I'm going to bolt and I'm going to get so far ahead of you in line it's not even going to be funny, then we will see who's laughing."

"Given how much you are squirming around right now I am feeling that I probably still will be," Brenda said as Jill continued tapping her feet and trying to look out the window until she remembered it was raining, so then she started looking at the roof of the bus but she could still hear the rain hitting the roof, so that didn't help either.

Jill tried to do anything she could to take her mind off of the fact that she had to go to the bathroom, but between the sound of the rain hitting the ceiling, the sight of the rain outside of the window, all of the women in the bus complaining about their need to use the bathroom, and Brenda choking back drink after drink Jill was practically ready to scream.

By the time they arrived at destination Jill could barely sit still, and she was practically ready to leap out of her seat the second the bus stopped. By now it had been over 4 1/2 hours, and as Jill immediately stood up she grabbed herself because the sudden pressure of getting up after sitting for so long with a full bladder made her really feel how badly she had to go.

Jill was practically shoving Rob and Brenda out into the aisle, as she sort of danced around in place impatiently waiting for everyone to start exiting the bus. As soon as Jill hit the door of the bus she immediately began running to the bathrooms, only to find that once again there was an enormous line outside of the ladies room, and somehow Brenda had managed to get towards the front again.

"I can't believe this," Jill said as she began pulling her hair. As she stood there in line looking up on her tiptoes to see how far ahead of her Brenda was, she could see that Brenda had somehow managed to already get inside of the restroom, and a few minutes later she emerged from the ladies room looking awfully relieved, and came over to Jill in line where Rob was already waiting with her.

"Please tell me that there are more than two stalls in the ladies room," Jill said as she hopped up and down as Brenda simply shook her head.

"And one of them is out of order it seems," Brenda said once again finding it hard not to smirk and snicker a little bit.

"You'd better not tell me that there are six urinals in the men's room again, or I am going to scream," Jill said as she stood there with her legs tightly crossed.

"Well Jill you will be happy to know there aren't six urinals in the men's room," Rob said, but he wasn't about to let Jill know that there were eight, because then she really would make a scene, but she continued moaning in line just the same.

This story was inspired by something that actually happened to me that I often tell as an illustration about why there is such a stark difference between how men are able to go to the bathroom really quickly and women tend to take a lot longer, which ultimately in this case definitely does come down to urinals but the story pretty much goes as follows and this is pretty much what inspired this story with a couple of modifications.

I do think that that is definitely part of the issue, it has been pointed out that in the men's and women's room usually have the same amount of space allotted for each but because urinals take up less space and can sometimes be on the wall that are across from the stalls men can often have two to three times as many places to go, so although the square footage is equal men have a lot more places to go in general, and then this is compounded by the fact that women take longer in the bathroom and go more often, so again it sort of like a triple whammy of the worst of all worlds.

Like I would say that the average women's room probably also does contain about 3 to 4 stalls, some may have five or more, but I think the 3 to 4 is pretty average, and I even did a survey online and most women seem to have said similar, but you can see how that can be a pretty huge problem when you add everything up. All of these little things in and of themselves may not seem like a big deal but when you combine them all it can add up to a much longer waiting time for women.

And then sometimes it can actually be a literally huge difference. Like one story that I tell often to illustrate this point is that once after a really long like bus trip or something like that we arrived at our destination and everyone had to go really bad. But despite the fact that you had literally dozens of people needing to use the restroom it was an interesting observation that in five minutes every single man was out of the men's room, probably even less, but in that same five minutes you had like 40 women waiting outside of the women's room, and the line was basically just totally stagnant. Even my mom and aunts who rarely use public restrooms short of an absolute emergency thought it was rather ridiculous.

So while I am standing there in my endless line for the bathroom and my boy cousins have all gotten to go to the bathroom already, eventually I asked them how many dam toilets do you have and they are and they said that they had two stalls, so eventually I asked one of the women coming out of the restroom how many stalls there are in the women's room and she says also still two stalls. Then all of a sudden it occurs to me and I asked was there any urinals in the men's room, and my cousin said yes there were six of them! I think that tibit of info just sort of blew my mind because that meant that they had eight places to go to the bathroom whereas the women only had two.

But this also sort of compounds the issue is that not only do the men have two stalls and 6 urinals, but the women have to stalls to do everything, numbers one and two, which seems like it would make a huge difference but it really does because you had this one woman who was hogging one of the stalls pooping for like 10 or 20 minutes taking that stall totally out of commission. So you pretty much had a situation where you had about 40 women waiting in line for one single toilet. And if you figure each woman takes a minute or two to use the bathroom that can result in an hour long line.

But then look at the men's room and you have 40 men need to use eight places to go to the bathroom that's about one receptacle for every five men and the average man can go to the bathroom in like 30 seconds, so then you have sort of like this ridiculous situation where you literally have the men taking less than five minutes for all of them to use the bathroom just like that, while in the same time maybe one or two women have used the ladies room.

I do think that when you take all of that into consideration it does make a pretty big difference, which is why you could literally have a situation where the men breezed right in and out of the bathroom but the ladies room line is completely stagnant, and the thing that is rather crazy though is that women kind of just put up with it as normal. I pretty much waited like probably 45 minutes and outline standing there chatting with my cousins who were able to go to the bathroom in like two minutes.

But again this actually goes back to the other point I was making about how men generally have the luxury of knowing that in most cases sort of something extraordinary at any kind of rest stop they are almost guaranteed to be able to go to the bathroom with minimal waiting time and that even if they do have to wait they are ultimately going to get to go, women do not often have the luxury of time to be standing in line waiting 45 minutes to use the bathroom once again if you are in a fixed schedule. In this particular instance we were already at our destination after like a three or four hour journey. So if you have already been holding it for three or four hours having to wait another 45 minutes is truly maddening, but there is a situation that is like literally a million times worse, at least from my perspective.

The "Million times worse scenario" is imagine if this was just a brief rest stop after three hours for like 15 minutes so you have a situation where there are about 40 women who need to use the bathroom but maybe only 10 of them get to go to the bathroom and the other 30 women are just out of luck and don't get to go AT ALL. Then you basically have to get back on the bus and it might be who knows how many hours before you get another opportunity to go to the bathroom in which case there is likely to be another line. So this is why a woman will almost always get in line for the bathroom given the opportunity, because you don't know when you might get another chance.

I think the worst thing however is that in a situation like that, and I find it very curious, is that nobody seems to discuss the elephant in the room I have noticed. Like I have been in a situation where there was like a really long journey of like two or three hours and we get one rest stop and like maybe 1/3 of the women get to go to the bathroom and two thirds have to get back on the bus and wait like another hour or two before they get to go again, and yet all of the women never address the fact that two thirds of them didn't get to go to the bathroom, so then you kind of have to smile and be polite and you just sort of casually chat with the other women. The thing that I always wonder but that I didn't really bring up in most company like this because it would be kinda weird, I am wondering if those other women who didn't get to pee I am thinking about the women who did get to go as much as I am and really resenting them for it!

I do think there is one factor that I did bring up above whereas I think a woman is probably more likely to poop in public simply because if you have to to both you are pretty much going to do both once you are in that relaxed and seated position. There have been situations where I just wished I could have a quick people but then as soon as you sit down to start peeing you start doing more than that. And once again in a limited stall scenario one woman who is taking a 10 minute poop is holding up the stall for all of those other women waiting, so once again you get that situation where the line can literally not be moving at all because of that. In a men's room the urinal give you sort of a bathroom fast pass I call it because even if some man is using the stall there are still urinals available, but if you have only one or two stalls in the ladies room and they are both being occupied by women doing more than just peeing no other women are getting to go at all.

Again though I will admit to one thing, although the issue is that there aren't enough toilets for all of the women and that is not really women's fault, it is true that women are no less selfish in the bathroom as a result of that. I'll admit even peeing I sometimes take a few minutes and the fact is once you get to go you don't really care about those who are coming after you. But aside from places like this it sort of a rude topic to bring up, so I often have found myself in the weird situation of being in a situation where one of the women I was with got to go to the bathroom and I did and yet neither of us mentioned that...

And I always wonder in the back of my mind is she wondering over the fact that I didn't get to go and that she did. Because I know that when I have to go to the bathroom really bad and I am with another woman who gets to go to the bathroom and then we have to spend like another hour or two together I am constantly thinking about the fact that she got to go and I didn't, and I knew if the situation were reversed I would be smirking to myself thinking she still has to go to the bathroom and it's not like she's going to have to go to the bathroom less as time goes on! The frustrating thing is that nine times out of 10 I was always the one who didn't get to go!

Also that line where she says "If I had a penis I'd pee all over you" was something a girl once said to a guy in my study hall back in high school and I always thought that line was cool!

*002*2024-06-18 17:13

@jt101

"hmm, don't exactly know how the spacing for the urinals in the men's toilet... but if they're close together, then it may be effectively only 3 'cos of the gentlemen/dude/bro code to leap one urinal. lol"

I haven't use the urinals in a men's room so I couldn't really speak about the spacing, why know is that in the real-life experience that inspired the story was that the men still had six extra places to pee compared to the women and all of the men were in and out of the bathroom pretty much instantaneously while the woman hardly got any motion in their line at all. I imagine that the urinals are probably not continuously occupied whereas in the women's room it's pretty much and continued usage and there is never enough toilets to go around!

