Guilty (and wet) pleasure...

Author: DespMely

*000*2016-07-15 14:41

While this is not something I´m usually into, here´s a story I wrote for a chat-friend of mine. I thought it would be enjoyable for others too, so with her permission, here it is:)

I shift on my side as I lie in bed, aware of my shirt brushing against my erect nipples. Since I´ve woken up a few minutes earlier I feel very aroused - probably from some erotic dream I can´t remember any more. But while the memory is gone, the arousal isn´t, and it takes all my self-control to keep my hands from slipping inside my panties to give my clit the attention it shouts for

"I shouldn´t do this now..." I think, turning again as I feel my moist pussy. I can feel my half-full bladder as well, not a real need to pee, but know that if I make myself cum, it will get very urgent, very quickly, and I won´t be able to get up and use the toilet for another hour. I sigh in frustration. There is nothing I´d like more than give myself release right now...but I really shouldn´t...

I close my eyes, thinking I might get back to sleep to take my mind off my arousal, but the only pictures that come to me are erotic ones. I have to stifle a moan at a particularly nice one and barely catch myself, my right hand already on my hip, sliding down. "Oh can´t do this..." I think again, even though i really want to. I even NEED to. My clit is aching and I know my panties are moist on the inside from my arousal

For a few minutes, i toss and turn, increasingly more frustrated as my mind keeps wandering. No matter what i try to think off, it all ends up in erotic pictures and situations. Finally, my concentration slips and I find my hand in my panties as I come to my senses with a shudder as my fingers find my swollen clit. "ohhh" i moan silently at the immense pleasure of the touch

"But I´ll have to pee right after..." the rational part of my brain tries to say while most of it is calling for me to continue. With difficulty I remove the hand, crossing my legs. I can wait....I can wait. I think. I try to turn on my stomach, but that just makes my boobs press into the bed and as I shift, my nipples rub on my shirt, sending more pleasure through my system. Suddenly I´m not sure I can wait

I turn on my back again and try to control my breathing, but as my eyes close again, something so hot, so sexy comes to my mind that the rational part of my brain just signs out, and gives up. "Ahhh" I sigh and work my right hand back between my legs, feeling the moistness. Wetness really - I haven´t been this wet for a long time. My legs spread apart as my hand moves slowly over my clit and pussy, wanting to savor the moment. For all the urgency of my need, I want to enjoy it

My left hand works up my shirt to caress my breast, making me shiver in pleasure as i touch my almost painfully hard nipple, and I almost scream out as I simultaneously touch my nipple and clit. I close my eyes and shut my mouth, now unable to stop for anything

I simply lie back as 2 of my fingers fine my pussy and I start rocking back and forth slowly, fingering myself, savoring every moment. "Oh my god!" I keep thinking, the other hand kneading my breast as I slowly speed up. I know that if I just rub my clit, just a few times, I will cum immediately, but I want to draw it out

I want to enjoy the feeling of pleasure for as long as I can, and so I keep rocking back and forth on my fingers slowly, deliberately

After a few minutes I stop, panting. It is almost painful to stop, but my right boob is feeling left out so I switch hands, urgently bringing my left hand into position and barely managed to NOT cum as i brush my clit. I have to turn my head to moan into the pillow, unable to stifle it, and start fingering again, frantically now

My moans come more frequent and forceful now, and I can barely come up from the pillow to breathe, knowing that if I don´t push my mouth into it the whole house will hear my scream out in pleasure, and so I keep moaning into my pillow as I pleasure myself

I can feel the orgasm approach like a train, unstoppable and force myself to slow down, wanting to keep going, but knowing it will fail. I am going to cum, to explode, and there´s nothing to stop it. At the last moment I remove my hand, turn on my stomach and push my head into my pillow as I frantically bring my right hand back to help taking a final breath I keep fingering myself with my left hand as my right hand scrabbles for my pussy, 2 fingers finding it and rubbing and...

"OHHHHHHHHH" I scream into my pillow as i cum, mind exploding with pleasure. I shudder on my entire body as waves of pleasure run through my body, my hands frozen on my pussy as I moan and moan, for a full minute, until finally I come up for air

"oh my god" i pant, turning, covered in sweat, panties wet. As my mind clears, I realize I´m going to have to change them before my parents see, and smile. Worth it. My hand is still on my hot pussy, idly running over it, and as my pleasure subsides, I feel a different, urgent need. "oh crap" I think and remove my hand, crossing my legs

Nervously, I turn and look at the clock. 45 minutes...too long. I really have to pee. Now. I start wiggling my butt as I lie there, suddenly fearful. I can´t piss my bed, I think. I´ll never live it down.

And there is no way I could ever tell my mother why....she´ll just tell me I´m a baby. And ground me. Or worse. I re-cross my legs, wishing the feeling to go away. But, of course, it doesn´t. It keeps getting worse - and fast. Soon I am squirming around like crazy, watching the minutes trickle by slowly, much too slowly. After 15 minutes, my hand is back between my legs, but this time to avoid disaster. I press on my pussy, fighting the urge to pee that I always get after cumming. The harder I cum, the faster I have to use the toilet after, and this orgasm was huge. I grimace and shift constantly. "I can´t hold it" I whimper, watching the seconds tick by now

After another 5 minutes I feel a first leak and panic. What do I do? I press both hands against my pussy now, desperate. Beyond desperate - Bursting. Bursting for a piss. I am tempted to scream out for somebody to let me go pee earlier than usual, but stop myself. They can´t see me like this, sweating, panties wet. They´ll know.....but I have to piss. NOW.

The leaks become more frequent and I do everything I can to hold it. move my ass, grind my pussy against my hands. I try rubbing, but that doesn´t work this fast after an orgasm. It just makes me loose a big spurt that soaks through my panties into my sheets. The sheets...I panic again. I am going to piss the bed, and mom will know. She´ll come in to get me and see my wet bed.

I´ll be in trouble. I wish I´d never done this I think, almost in tears as i spurt, again. They become longer and it takes everything I have to stop each one. 15 more minutes...there is no way I think through a fog of tears. Another spurt of pee and I stop it - just barely. drops of piss keep running out and I know I´ll never stop the next

Frozen with fear, I don´t know what to do. So I just lie there, waiting, mind blank. Until the next spurt comes and I know there is no stopping. Pee starts pumping out, running over my hands and into my bed. I feel it on my ass and spurting down my legs. The force is so great that it comes out as a stream that goes almost to my knees as, finally, i give up and relax, sobbing. I´m doing it...I´m pissing my bed like a 4-year-old girl.

I lie there, stiffly, as my bladder completely empties itself into my bed. Even my covers are soaked from the forceful stream, there is a big wet spot on them and I don´teven want to know how wet the bed itself is. I can hear it dripping down onto the floor underneath

Suddenly I hear steps outside and I just stare at the door, eyes wide and tear-filled, frozen in fear. The door opens, and my mother opens it, a cheerful smile on her face. I see her, happy, and then see her face change as she turns on the light and sees. KNOWS. her expression changes to surprise, wonder, anger. "what......MELY!" she mutters, too surprised to scream at me. I just watch, frozen, and start sobbing again "I´m so sorry mom..." I manage between sobs as she walks in, closing the door behind her, staring at the wet covers, then pulls them back. She stares wide-eyed at me, my soaked panties, the massive wet spot on the bed. Looks up to me, then back down. "I can´t believe you wet the bed" she says, sadly. "I´m really disappointed in you."

Her tone makes me cry again. I wish she would scream at me. This is much worse.

