Quintus Desparatus Est

Author: DesperateCAN

*000*2017-09-14 01:13

Hello Everyone!

So, i studied Latin in my younger years, and our textbook studied the childhood exploits of the ancient Roman Poet Quintus Horatius Flaccus better known as Horace. This story is set in the year 40 B.C. in the small Italian village of Venusia. Enough History! Enjoy!

###

Quintus awoke at dawn, he had dreamt that he was making love to the most beautiful girl in school, Julia. He fell back asleep, and when he awoke again, only his mother, Scintilla remained.

"Quintus! Your Sister and Father have already left, and you have overslept! Go now or Flavius will have your ass!" Quintus felt a strong jab in his lower abdomen, and felt the urge to use the cultus, but he knew he would be caned if he was late, so he rushed to school.

He ran to school for 2 miles, which he would regret later. He was greeted outside the school, amidst the other children, by his best friend Gaius, " Quintus" he said with a sound of relief in his voice" I thought you would get the piss beaten out of you if you had arrived later", Quintus felt a sharp pain in his bladder, and was reminded of his need, he crossed his legs and grabbed his penis through his tunica. The teacher came out, and motioned for the children to enter.

Two hours later, Quintus was on the set of a nightmare. His need had gone up 100%, he couldn't cross his legs or the magister would notice. If only he could do it for just a moment..."QUINTUS!" Said Flavius angrily." Why are you not writing down the Arithmetic on your tablet?" Quintus panicked, he didn't want to get caned."I was sir", he said as he pointed to the tablet. Flavius was impressed, he knew Quintus was a smart child, but something was off with him today, he was very squirmish..

"Magister","may I go and relieve myself" asked Quintus hopefully. "No you will wait until after school, like all the other children, if you ask me again, you will write lines until sundown. Quintus waited, and suffered for 2 more hours. Finally, it was time to go home. He rushed out of the classroom, and went to the toilet, which was a stone outhouse. As soon as he was about to open the door, he felt a large meaty paw on his shoulder. He turned around and it was Decimus, the meanest, tallest, strongest, and most ruthless kid in school.

"Yo Quint-fag, I gotta take a huge shit so move", Quintus was horrified, he had been waiting all day long, and now to be denied by Decimus. Before he could open his mouth, Decimus was moaning in relief. It was too much for Quintus, who lost it all right there. It felt so good to let all that pent up liquid out. When Decimus finished, he looked at Quintus' soiled tunic, and laughed.

"Guess you are more of a baby than I thought you were". Quintus returned home, and fell asleep.

