Soviet superiority

Author: Dimwitrolo

*000*2016-12-26 10:31

A harsh icy wind blows through the air, whistling through the trees. Liliya, sheltering her eyes from the snow with her hand, steps outside, bag and rifle ready for another harsh day. Her thick boots keep her feet warm despite the cold, though her thinning grey/brown coat is not quite so effective. Today Liliya was to take position in a prepared sniping spot, a small wooden shed hidden by snow. She shoulders her rifle, a Mosin Nagant m91/30, as she prepares to leave. Heading back inside the log cabin one last time to record her day in her journal

'27th January, 1940. West of Murmansk. Today is the push - the boys will launch their attack on a well defended Finnish position near the forest, their gunners have taken out many of our men. My job today is to pick off anyone who might attempt to flee. The mission begins as soon as the first wave of bombers makes their move'

Closing her journal and putting it into her bag, Liliya takes one last look at herself in her mirror. Two blue eyes look back at her, nested neatly amongst her pale freckles. Her short, blonde hair is tied neatly in a small ponytail, which reaches to just above the collar of her coat. Her coat, a long coat that comes down to just above her knees, is adorned with the usual paling red lapels is mostly bare, the material having suffered in the harsh cold winter on the Finnish border. The brass buttons gleam slightly in the morning sun, the Soviet star catching the light and reminding her who she's fighting for; The motherland, the Soviet Union. The vast uncaring land who's government is tossing it's people to war like bones to a dog. Still, it's better than being sent to a Gulag. Barely.

Liliya leaves her cabin, rifle in hand, bag slung over her shoulder, preparing for another cold day. Today she will be alone and well out of the effective range of any of the machine gunners it is her job to stop from retreating. Not out of the range of artillery though, which had almost caught her a handful of days prior, when her position was discovered. Luckily for Liliya, she had the sense to run when she saw the guns fire, but sitting inside cover she less able to flee if they did ever spot her. Wondering if she'll be coming back again, she puts on her grey fur hat, and sets of to her new location

The Icy air takes a turn for the worst fairly shortly, and soon the snow is pelting Liliya, still en route to her position. In the distance she can hear gunfire, but only just above the howling wind. She can see the cabin now - a small wooden shelter, well hidden behind bushes, and a whole lot of snow. The window to shoot out of isn't massive - maybe the size of a chair seat, hardly enough to keep out the wind and snow, but large enough to have a good view of her target. She opens the cabin door, and walks in. The cabin is hardly a five-star resort, mostly bare and made from slightly rotted wood, but it'll do the job. Inside the shed is a table leaning against the open window, just the right height for her to lie on and have her rifle poke out the window. No need to start yet, so Liliya takes her binoculars from her bag and takes a look down range.

She can just about make out the enemy position through the blizzard and woods - The Finns have dug in, and have erected wooden walls and barricades. Their trench line has the occasional protruding turret with a mounted machine gun, and a handful of ladders are propped against the back wall for if they need to flee. In Liliya's experience however the Finn's don't often need to flee, and even when they ought to they rarely do. But today should be different, today the red army was bringing the big guns. The target itself wasn't massive, but it was a highly strategic point for the Finns - it overlooked the Soviet lines, and had become a real thorn in their side. The men in the trench regularly set up traps for Soviet tanks and supplies, and the reds had lost three tanks and a couple tonnes of food to Finnish mines that week alone. Liliya, deciding she has time before the attack starts, takes out her journal again, and begins to write.

'Today's attack will begin with a light bombing raid, followed by shelling, and finally tanks. The position will be entirely destroyed, command thinks they have ammunition and supplies in their trench. We are ordered to kill every last man we can, to try to scare the Finns into submission. My cabin is well placed to see any men that try to flee, though it is very much bare - a table, a chair, and a bucket. As much as I do not like the bucket, I will have to use it soon. Wait - I hear engines. The bombers are arriving, I better take my spot. My bladder will have to wait.'

Liliya climbs on the table and aims her rifle down toward the Finnish position, carefully focusing her scope to get the clearest view. She takes quick stock of what she has on her - Her bag, a canteen of water, a packed lunch, and a small bottle of Vodka she had been given by her sister before she left, which she drinks to calm her nerves. She has a spare six stripper clips for her rifle, and a small Makarov pistol for emergencies, and spare magazines for two more emergencies. She hopes she won't need to use the pistol, or the rifle for that matter. Shooting at fleeing men isn't allowed by the League of Nations, but then again, neither was invading Finland, which had got the Union expelled from the league. Not like the League could really do anything else...

Looking back out the window, Liliya catches the bombers fly straight over-head. A squadron of five old Ilyushin's, their roaring engines causing Liliya's cabin to shake as they flew over. Liliya's orders were not to move unless attacked or until the reds had captured the Finn's position. She chambers her rifle and gets ready to shoot, doing her best to ignore her bladder, which has been slowly filling for a while now

The Ilyushins reach their target, dropping their payloads as they do. A good three seconds between Liliya seeing the bombs drop and hearing them explode. The raid isn't the most succesful, and the Finn's are quick to respond with their anti-air guns. Liliya watches the guns shoot round after round at the bombers, one being caught with a direct hit in the fuselage, falling flaming behind the Finnish lines. The bombers circle round for a second run, and this time the Finns take down another two, one catching a direct hit in it's left engine, the other being hit by the first falling bomber. Both planes crash into the forest flaming as the sound catches up to Liliya. The remaining two bombers return to base, thundering again over Liliya's lookout, shaking the table as they do.

Dull thuds from behind the cabin signal the artillery support, a mostly aimless barrage of shells pounds the forest, shredding trees and burning bushes, but without much effect on the Finns in their trench. Liliya doesn't see anyone attempt to flee, and she doesn't expect to, but orders are orders. Orders are keeping her from taking a quick five minute break to pee in the bucket at the end of the room. It's not urgent yet mind, she can hold it....

The shelling lasts a good half hour, but the Finns don't seem bothered, Liliya can just about see a couple of shadows scuttling about their trench as they assess the damage. Liliya shuffles her legs on the table, trying to get in a more comfortable position. Her bladder now is quite full, and every move she makes results in a warm twinge from it, but when she doesn't move she can feel her bladder threaten to empty itself. 'Come now Liliya, you're a grown woman, you can hold it' she says to herself under her breath. Using her right hand to steady her rifle while still being able to fire, she uses her left hand to press on her crotch, supporting her bladder muscles as they hold in a morning's worth of pee.

The Finns are fairly quick to retaliate to the shelling, and a handful of Finish guns in the trench begin to return fire as the Red tanks move in. A line of T-34s charges the Finnish guns, firing in sequence. The guns mostly miss as the tanks bounce viciously against the snowy floor, their rounds going off vaguely around the Finns, while the Finns return fire. As Liliya hears the second line of tanks on the way, one of the Finnish guns scores a direct hit on one of the T-34s, blowing the turret clean off. Liliya feels her bladder twinge again, a mix of fear and shock at seeing the tank taking the hit so badly. What if a Finnish shell hit her? She daren't think about it.

Then something happens which Liliya had not expected at all - Ilyushin bombers come from behind the Finnish lines, marked in Finnish colours. This wasn't right, Liliya thinks - The spot can't be this well defended. She begins to shake slightly in fear of what else the Finns could have as the bombers fly toward the Russian lines. Bombs fall from the doors of the plane, blasting snow into the air as they hit, and shattering the occasional tank whenever they score direct hits. Liliya knows for a fact there will be no fighter cover any time soon, no-one knew the Finns would be sending in any reinforcements, never mind bombers. As each bomb hits the ground, each one coming slightly close, Liliya can feel the ground shake, and her bladder twinges each time. The bombs shouldn't be getting so close - perhaps they'd noticed her she thinks, her fear growing.

The tanks now have their barrels aimed up, in a feeble attempt to hit the Finnish bombers. Not one shot hits, and stray shells fly around the battlefield, more dangerous than the bombers themselves.

*CTHUN*

A tank shell cracks as it lands barely thirty feet from Liliya, blasting snow and dust through her window. She shrieks and dives from the table, pushing herself against the wall. As the dust settles she notices a heat growing at her ass, and a warm, familiar smell begins to rise - Liliya has begun wetting herself. 'Nyet, stop, don't do this!' she tells herself urgently, clamping her hand onto her crotch as her pee flows through her pants and begins pooling. Quickly she manages to stop the flow, but not before making a significant wet patch the size of a melon on her ass, and a slight puddle on the floor. Her grey pants turn a much darker colour where they soaked up the stream. Liliya, blushing slightly at her accident, climbs back onto the table, feeling a little better, and a little warmer...

The heat from her accident quickly dissipates in the cold air however, and soon Liliya is very aware of an icy damp patch between her thighs. In an effort to keep the patch from touching her, she lies with her legs apart, though this is agony for her bladder. Shivering slightly, Liliya takes aim again, trying to ignore her bladder, not satisfied with just a short leak. The bombers by now are returning to base, and a handful of tanks have been hit, leaving smouldering husks in the snow. With the bombers gone, the Finnish guns kick up again, but this time there are many more, and it dawns on Liliya that the Finns have sent in reinforcements.

Liliya realises now she won't need to shoot any fleeing Finns. She can't leave though, as one of the tanks has blown up part of the Finnish barricade, giving Liliya a clear line of fire to a Finnish machine gun nest. The gun sits alone, with no men manning it quite yet, but with the red army about to make another push with infantry this time, she could not allow herself to let the gun out of her sights. Curling her knees and kicking her feet up in the air in an attempt to make holding her bladder a little easier, Liliya focuses on the gun, ready to fire should the need arise.

Half an hour passes, and the Soviet attempts to take the position are repelled again and again by the Finns, and Liliya can only watch as tanks and men are lost to Finnish fire. Focusing on the gun nest, Liliya spots some movement - a white blur in the nest appears, what Liliya assumes is a Finn loading the gun. She readies her trigger finger, shaking slightly with anticipation, fear, and a desperate bladder. Now there is only Liliya, the rifle, and the Finnish gun. Liliya breathes slowly, blowing steam out her nose and against the table with each breath, forming a slight frost as it cools until her next breath heats it up again. Another twitch, as adrenaline rushes through her. Another movement from the gun. Not quite enough to justify taking a shot, Liliya waits. She sees a man take ahold of the gun, and before he has a chance to begin firing Liliya takes her shot

*gTHAN*

The shot pushes the rifle firmly into Liliya's shoulder, the shock causing her to lose a drop of pee into her pants, but the shot finds it's target. Liliya grins in celebration, enjoying the moment as hot bead of piss finds its way down her thigh, settling in between her leg and the table, before slowly cooling, making a cold streak down her thigh, but barely marking the fabric. This slight loss of pee however has an effect on Liliya - her bladder begins hurting quite a bit as she realises how much she has to pee. She glances over to the bucket, then back at the gun nest. More men are in the nest now, trying to pull out the man she hit, while another attempts to mount the gun. Cycling the bolt, Liliya takes another shot

*gBANG*

Again the rifle pushes into Liliya's shoulder with recoil, and again the shot finds it's target. Again, Liliya looses slight control, this time letting a dribble into her pants, a little more than before, but enough to really feel the heat spread down her. She grins again, though this time more with the satisfaction from the heat than the shot. Perhaps she ought to let out a little more - just to keep warm...

Liliya thinks about this for a good moment or two, hesitantly deciding to do so. She relaxes her bladder slightly, feeling the pee as it travels toward the exit, but stopping right before she does, as she reconsiders. 'W-what am I doing? Am I really going to do this?' she asks herself. After some more consideration, she decides the answer is 'yes'. Tentatively, she relaxes again, and she again feels the hot flow of her pee at it moves toward the way out. A gentle, short trickle, as Liliya carefully lets out just enough to feel the heat again, relaxing her slightly as she remains aimed toward the Finnish gun nest. Now the men have caught on to there being a sniper aimed at them, and they decide to fall back. Liliya decides it's best to keep watch, and as her crotch cools down, she decides it's also best to let out another trickle to keep warm

Letting her eyelids fall a little as she relaxes, another trickle of pee is let into her pants, joining the damps spot on the table, pushing its way towarwd Liliya's waistline. The trickle is a little longer this time, as Liliya feels herself a little less able to stop. But the warmth is totally worth it she thinks. The battle ahead of her seems to be drawing to a close, as the wind picks up again, making it impossible to march forward or to aim. Liliya remains in place however, just in case the snow dies down.

'A little more' Liliya thinks to herself, as she lets out just a little more to keep her warm. Except this time it's not just a little more, as her bladder decides to squeeze a little tighter of it's own accord, causing Liliya to gasp slightly as she spurts a fair stream into her pants, hearing it splash as it crashes into the fabric of her pants. That wasn't what she'd planned to do - her bladder however planned on carrying on, as before Liliya can realise what she's doing, it squeezes again, and another fair stream shoots into her pants, again splashing as the pee hits the puddle from the first bout. The steam rises quickly, warming the insides of Liliya's thighs, though not as much as the hot pee warms the front. Blushing quite a bit now, Liliya decides to not let any more pee out until she can leave her post. For now, her bladder complies.

The heat from the pee quickly dies away again, and Liliya is left lying in a very cold puddle, the length of three bullets lines up, going down her left thigh. She begins shivering in the cold, not helped by her bladder which appears to be drawing the heat from the rest of her body. A nostalgia grows as she remembers the heat from mere seconds ago, and Liliya begins to long for the hot sting of pee once again against her leg. 'J-just a little won't hurt, will it?' she asks herself, denying the reality of her aching bladder being set to burst. 'N-no, I'm sure it won't' she tells herself, lying.

And again, Liliya close her eyes gently and begins to relax her bladder. She embraces the heat as her pee travels down her before it leaves, and a trickle begins to fall out of her, mere drops at a time, she hears each one as it taps against the fabric of her pants. Liliya decides to stop for now, just in case she spurts again, but her bladder, again, has a different plan. Liliya, a little worried now, tries forcing her bladder shut, but it doesn't respond, and the trickle turns into a gentle stream, leaking at a steady pace. Clenching her eyes, she tries with all her strength to stem the flow, but to no avail. She moans gently as she tries but her bladder isn't listening. It's time to give up

'Uhwhaa.....'

Liliya sighs as she gives up, giving in to her bladder, and she starts to wet herself. The stream slowly pours from out of Liliya, and it pools in her pants where the fabric manages to hold it in for a second, resulting in the pee running down Liliya's right thigh and to her knee, where it begins to pool. The pee that does pass through Liliya's pants pools at her crotch, a gentle steam rising as it does so. Liliya lets herself smile and drops her head against her forearm, as she enjoys the feeling of the spreading heat, as the hot pee begins to travel up between the table and her crotch to her waist.

The pee travels this route quickly, and very soon Liliya can feel the hot puddle reach her belly button. She sighs again, gently and through a satisfied smile, and the pee continues to gently spill out of her, and in between her legs. She breathes deeply, letting in the warm smell of pee as it fills the room, accompanying the gentle patter of pee as it hits the fabric of her pants, then soaks through into them and the front of her coat.

This is joined by more dripping as pee begins to fall from the table and onto the floor, as the puddle that Liliya lies in spreads over the edges, and up as far as her breasts. He coat soaks in the hot pee as far as halfway up her torso in a mostly uniform pattern, much like her legs, which are both equally soaked and steaming, as pee continues to flow. 'I am wetting myself....I am a grown woman.....and I am wetting myself....'Liliya reminds herself, though this doesn't bother her. 'Maybe I should wet myself more often...' she considers, lost in the moment, embracing the heat from her pee as it soaks into her clothes and warms her skin underneath. She gently opens her eyes as she feels her stream come to an end, a little upset that she can't keep going. Raising her head and looking forward, she notices the blizzard has gotten worse, and appears as if it will do for quite some time.

Smiling again as the heat flushes through her, she slides of the table, bringing most of the puddle of pee with her, which falls to the floor with a spatter. Standing up in the cabin, she admires her work. The table itself is slightly water logged, and splattered pee surrounds the table. She looks down herself, noticing her clothes soaked in pee as far as her ankles and as high as her breasts. She gives her bladder one last push, and a shot of golden pee dribbles out of her pants and onto the floor. Where she has stood, the pee that had pooled in her pants travels down, into her boots, soaking into her socks, warming her feet. She wriggles her toes in her boots, hearing the muffled squishing where her pee is soaking in. Steam gently rises from her front as she stands, bringing its scent straight to Liliya, who smiles again as she breathes it in.

'Well' Liliya says to herself, slowly coming back to reality. 'I better get back to base - the battle's over' she says, looking out the window, 'and I'm going to freeze soon if I don't....Oh god, what do I tell them? Sorry I'm so wet commisar, I was busy wetting myself for pleasure? That won't work...I know, I'll say my canteen burst over me when it was hit!' Liliya places her canteen on the table, takes out her pistil and shoots a hole into it.

*gTHANG*

The shot echoes around the small room, and the water from the canteen spills all over the table. Picking up the canteen and emptying it onto the floor, Liliya watches it splatter and wash away her pee which has settled around the table legs. She's almost sad to see it go. The last few drops fall from the canteen, and as they do Liliya tries to get a couple more drops out of her bladder. Leaning with her back to the wall she pushes on her bladder, harder and harder. 'Hnnn....' she groans under the pressure, and one last spurt flows out and down her leg, landing into her right boot. She relaxes and sighs again, and as she feels her wet chest begin to cool, she decides she ought to hurry back. Putting her shot canteen into her bag, she leaves the cabin and jogs back, cloaked by the blizzard.

By the time Liliya arrives back, after almost an hour, her coat, pants, boots and hat are white with snow. Liliya realises she needn't have worried about anyone noticing a wet patch, considering her coat was going to soak in the snow. Heading back into her own cabin, she closes the door and strips down, and gets changed into some clean clothes. She heads out of her room, leaving her wet pants on the floor. As she looks around she notices the blizzard outside continue. Her commanding officer heads over to tell her that the rest of the days attack is called of because of the weather, and Liliya decides to call it a day

Later, as the evening draws later, Liliya in her room, decides to do something she's never done before. Rather than going to the toilet before bed, Liliya decides to have some fun...taking off her clean pants and underwear, and changes back into her wet pants. The cold wet fabric causes her to inhale sharply as it touches her skin, but this doesn't stop her pulling them up. Looking at herself in her mirror, she smiles, and slowly relaxes her bladder again. At first a trickle, but slowly becoming a stream, Liliya pees again into her pants, letting the pale yellow pee pool around her bare feet in her room, warming her pants again.

She puts one hand over her crotch, directly against the stream, and lets it flow through her fingers, pooling slightly in her cupped hand, before letting the pale gold liquid splatter to the floor, landing on her foot. Looking at her lower body in the mirror, Liliya wriggles her toes again, letting them splash in the thin puddle on the floor, and moving her other foot around in her pee. She lets her pants drop into the puddle, baring herself in the mirror, letting the hot fabric warm the tops of her bare feet. In the light her wet legs glisten pleasingly. She steps out of her wet pants, pressing them with her feet, pushing the still-warm pee out and through her toes. She changes back into her clean clothes before slumping into bed, closing her eyes and letting her hands wander down as she begins gently rubbing herself, before falling asleep

