A world without women's bathrooms

Author: dewey decimal

*000*2020-10-19 16:04

I know this story has been done before but, understandably as life gets busy, they're always getting abandoned. I'll try not to do that if you guys like this.

Let me know what you think/what requests you have to add to the story if any.

###

Megan checked the clock again. 4:19 PM. Less than 1 hour until she could leave work and rush home to get the relief she needed. Under her desk, her thighs rubbed together in her pencil skirt, which was just a little too tight for her to cross her legs completely. It had been almost 8 hours since Megan last used the bathroom and the pressure was building steadily. To make matters worse, she was also terribly thirsty, but couldn’t afford to add any more fluids to the tank. 8 hours of water sat heavy in her bladder already, begging to be let out of her small, tense body.

One of Megan’s male coworkers, Tyler, approached her desk with a small stack of papers in one hand and a mug of coffee in the other. He was relaxed as ever and smirked at her with that smug face he always had.

“Make some copies of these, will ya? Just 10 each,” She reached out to grab them, but he dropped them onto her desk. Of fucking course he'd make her do something right before the end of the day when she's this desperate.

“No problem,” Megan replied, squeezing her legs tight together as the nerves from Tyler looming over her made her feel like she might start leaking.

Tyler look a loud sip of his coffee. Megan unconsciously bit her lip and rubbed her thighs together to keep the feeling that she might start pissing her skirt at bay. Her mouth felt so dry and she longed for a drink too, glancing at her water bottle, but knowing she couldn't risk it. She wanted him to walk away so she could stand without him being able to tell how badly she had to pee but he didn't seem to be going anywhere. Finally she gave her thighs a hard squeeze together and then stood, deciding that having to walk to the copier was better than squirming in front of Tyler while he drank his coffee. She could feel his eyes on her as she walked past him, her posture rigid and her steps close together from clenching her muscles to keep from wetting her stockings, and her cheeks burned from the embarrassment.

The walk to the copier was torture. Megan cursed herself for the two cups of coffee she indulged in that morning which she would normally never do. They were offered by her new high up boss and she didn’t feel like she could refuse. The hallway to the copy room passed the single bathroom on this floor and Megan bit her lip in envy as she watched a male coworker walk inside. Her pussy ached for that relief, so close yet so far. But that was a place forbidden to her, as it was for all the women she worked with.

The sentiment that women’s bathrooms were dangerously unsanitary was an unfounded but pervasive one set into place hundreds of years ago. Many scientists now confirmed that there was no proof that a lack of a penis made it impossible to pee hygienically and the topic was of constant political debate with activists working to change the laws, but there was little success. Myths that women’s bathrooms would spread disease was strong enough that most countries had laws preventing women from using public restrooms except for the rare paid bathroom, known as sanitization stations, that would sanitize the user and itself after use for about $5-10 per use depending on the location, and that’s after you stood in line for half an hour due to the long sanitization process between customers. To make matters worse, you had to stand in line in public while you wait, letting the world know what you were about to do and how badly you needed to do it.

Most women considered this a humiliating last resort. Peeing outside of a home or sanitary bathroom is entirely illegal for women in most places whether on purpose or not, resulting in high fines for offenders, with repeat offenders even being court ordered to mandatory diapers at all times outside the home. Once you were charged, it was hard and sometimes impossible to get the sentence reversed, leaving you with lifelong diapers lest you face jail time. Furthermore, stigmatized as being highly unhygienic, adult diapers were both expensive and constructed to be sterile rather than absorbent. Most could barely hold a single significant accident and you couldn't change yourself either without a paid bathroom. If you were charged it was marked on your license, giving businesses the right to check you for dryness before allowing entry if they so chose. With all of that on top of the humiliation, it was considered one of the worst fates you could come by.

Because of this, many women only left home for short periods. This encouraged a world where women were eager to be housewives and made it hard or impossible to advance in many careers. This included politics, which had nearly no women, as they couldn't hold it long enough to get through campaign events or political debates. Not to even consider the problem of having to poop, something that made no sense to be more unhygienic in women than men but there was little women could effectively do to question it. So the laws remained.

Megan heard a toilet flush and nearly started peeing immediately but grabbed herself to stop the flow in time. She bent at the knees with her thighs together and rubbed herself to keep the feeling at bay but had to stop as the man came out of the bathroom, looking relieved as ever, and might see her. Megan’s bladder panged with jealousy. She clenched her muscles and took a breath, her hand pressing down on her thigh as she longed to grab her pussy. Holding yourself was also punishable by law as touching yourself between the legs without sanitizing immediately after was for women a hygiene crime in itself.

Megan shuffled in small steps to the copier, putting her stack of papers inside. Her left hand clenched the side of the copier as her right hand worked the buttons, one of her legs crossed behind the other as she clenched her muscles desperately. She swore to herself that if she made it through this she'd never make a silly indulgent mistake like this again. The stakes were too high. She started the job and then checked the clock. 4:35 PM. Only 25 more minutes. She bit her lip and bobbed up and down slightly with her thighs tight together, her brow beginning to sweat as panic set in. Could she make it? What if she wet herself on the bus ride home? That was another 20 minutes at minimum before she got to her house. Her mind raced. Maybe the line to the sanitization station by her bus stop wouldn't be long today...

