Bursting at the Car Wash

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2021-08-07 12:40

This is a story that I wrote over two weeks ago but didn't get around to posting until now because I was sick for a long time. Basically it's just about a woman who gets desperate while stuck in a car wash with all of that water splashing around as I thought that that would be good for a scenario that would be torturous while desperate, even though I felt it would only be a short time before they escaped from that situation, so I think it works is a short story. Also available in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/7525.html

Bursting at the Car Wash

"Are we almost home yet," Jill said as she squirmed in her seat, bouncing up and down, hardly able to sit still as she crossed and uncrossed her legs.

"Yeah we are almost home but I just want to make one really quick stop while we are out," Melanie said.

"A quick stop, I really need to use the bathroom!"

Melanie shook her head. "I told you not to drink so much when you knew it was a long car ride home and everything like that. Why do you always have to get those jumbo sized drinks and then drink them down really rapidly? You knew it would end up making you have to go to the bathroom, so the way I see it you got yourself into this situation."

"Okay I shouldn't have gotten that big gulp drink right before we set out on a long car ride, it was my bad and it was a stupid decision but why should I have to suffer because I made one dumb decision? I'm bursting here!"

Melanie shook her head. "Because actions have consequences Jill, I mean unless you're really rich and privileged and everything."

"So you're going to make my bladder suffer just because I wasn't born as one of society's elite?"

"No I'm going to make your bladder suffer because I don't feel like going all the way home just so you can use a bathroom because you didn't have the good foresight not to fill your bladder up with a jumbo size drink, and then coming all the way out to go to the car wash again. The car wash is right here. It's here, the coast is clear, you shouldn't have drank so much beer, get used to it!"

"Hey there was no alcohol in my drink."

"Yeah that last part doesn't work as well but jumbo soda didn't really rhyme with clear. But anyway we are going to the car wash and that is the end of it."

"The car wash, you're going to make me go through the car wash as my bladder is ready to explode, are you trying to torture me?"

"Well if it's going to bother you that much you can close your eyes."

"Well the even worse part is I will be able to hear all of that water swishing around."

"Well then put your fingers in your ears, I'm sorry Jill but we are here and we are going to the car wash, end of discussion."

Melanie got in line for the car wash and there were only two cars in front of them as Jill sat in her seat smacking her hands on her knees and crossing and uncrossing her legs.

"What do you have ants in your pants or something, can't you sit still, you're making the whole car shake!"

"I don't have ants in my pants, I already told you I have a full bladder in my pants, and if I don't get to a bathroom soon I'm going to have a total flood in my pants!"

"Well you had better not soak the seat of my car you're going to pay to have it cleaned."

"Well if you didn't want me to soak the seat you should have gotten me to a bathroom, if I can't make it it's going to be your own fault for not getting me to a bathroom."

"Look there are only two cars in front of us, I am sure that they will go fast."

"But I seriously seriously have to go to the bathroom, can't you just backup and we will come back to the car wash later?"

"Well now it looks like two more cars just pulled in behind us, so I am afraid that we are fenced in now Jill, there's no leaving now, we are here for the long duration."

"Long-duration, I thought you said this would only take five minutes!"

"Five minutes 10 minutes, what's the difference?"

"10 minutes is forever in full bladder years!" Jill said as she crossed and uncrossed her legs again and started bouncing around, twisting and writhing in her seat.

Jill kept checking her watch every five seconds as it seemed like it was taking forever and she couldn't help but be kicking her feet up against the front of the car.

"Oh my God you are like a little child, can't you just hold it for a couple of minutes until we get home," Melanie said rolling her eyes. "I swear your bladder gets us into more inconvenient situations than anything else, but it's time I put my foot down."

"I'm putting my foot down," Jill said as she resumed stomping her feet against the front of the car. "Because it's the only thing that's keeping me from pissing myself! You are the worst driver in the world not letting your passengers go to the bathroom, it will serve you right if I do end up wetting the seat."

After a short wait that in Jill's bladder terms lasted about 16 1/2 years, it was finally their turn to go inside of the car wash. As they saw all of the flaps from the car wash with their wet soapy suds crashing against the windshield Jill found herself once again shaking in her seat and slumping down into the seat.

"If it really bothers you that much like I said close your eyes and plug your ears," Melanie said.

Jill didn't think that it would help all that much but she was willing to try anything, so she closed her eyes and stuck her fingers in her ears and tried not to think about the fact that at that moment the car was being sprayed with large hoses of water and being mopped up with big soapy suds.

Jill continued doing this for a very long time at which point she had to assume that the car wash was done. But when she opened her eyes and took her fingers out of her ears she could see that the hoses were still spraying up against the window and making a loud noise that she could hear even when her ears were plugged up.

"Why aren't we out yet, what's taking so long?" Jill said biting her lip and digging her fingernails into the car seat.

"Hey don't tear the upholstery, it's just going a little bit slow," Melanie said as she looked at her watch. "Although I have to admit I have never spent this long in a car wash before."

"Great, it figures, I should have known this would happen!" Jill shouted throwing up her hands. "This is why we should have gone home and come to the car wash later. Was your car even really that dirty that it needed to go to the car wash?"

"Did you see how much birds shit was on the windshield and on the car, if that doesn't demand a carwash I don't know what does. And before you ask me and tell me that you have to poop now –"

"Actually," Jill said before Melanie put her finger over Jill's mouth.

"Like I said Jill I don't want to hear about it right now, whatever you have to do it can wait until you get home."

"But I don't think that I can wait much longer, this is something that needs attending to and it needs attending to right now!" Jill said as she bounced up and down in her seat.

Several more minutes passed and they realized that the car wasn't moving and that was when it was obvious that something was wrong. The sound of water cascading over every inch of the car was like nails on a chalkboard to Jill. She tried closing her eyes and putting her fingers in her ears but she could still hear all of the swishing and splashing and squirting of water running down the car over every inch of it.

"What demon from the depths of hell hath put me in this situation!" Jill screamed as the two of them began screaming together for help because it was obvious that they should have been out of the car wash a long time ago.

"You know I realize this may sound dangerous but I think that we had better try to find our way out of the car wash, as it looks like they aren't going to be bringing us out anytime soon," Melanie said.

The thought of getting out of the car wash while they were being bombarded with tons of wet sudsy water didn't sound like the most brilliant idea to Jill either, but then something occurred to her.

"You know that's actually not as stupid and crazy as it sounds," Jill said with an evil smirk.

"Okay on three we're going to open the doors and try to get out of here."

"Three," Jill said as she opened the door as she was bombarded with tons of soap and water soaking her from head to toe as she thought she was being smacked around by a force unlike any she had encountered before.

Melanie likewise got out the other side of the car and they found themselves running out of the car wash covered from head to toe in water and soap.

"We are so sorry," the car wash guy said running towards them. "For whatever reason the whole thing broke down and we were unable to move your car through the car wash or stop the spraying of the water. This has never happened before, obviously no charge, and look at the bright side you got a pretty good shower as well."

As Jill and Melanie stood there covered in soap and water waiting for the technicians to find some way to turn the water off and get their car out of there, Melanie looked at Jill. "Okay I'll be the first one to say it, I should have listened to your psychic bladder cause if I did we wouldn't be in this situation right now. Speaking of which I guess you might as well go find a bathroom somewhere in town, as I think that this is probably going to take us a while."

Jill smiled. "You know, never mind, it's not a problem anymore."

"What do you mean, oh you didn't?"

Hey desperate times call for desperate measures, and this was the most desperate time and the most desperate measure I have ever endeavored upon, and at least my clothes got washed as it was happening."

Melanie shook her head. "Well I guess it's better than doing it in the seat of my car, which is probably getting wet right now either way."

"But not with urine!"

"No Jill, not with urine."

And at that statement they both burst out laughing and without crying wiped the soap away from their eyes.

