Realizations (Our Life Fanfiction)

Author: DesperateFarm

*000*2024-08-01 01:39

(DISCLAIMERS FOR PEOPLE UNFAMILIAR WITH THE SOURCE MATERIAL:

Our Life: Beginnings & Always is a visual novel by GB Patch Games. In this VN, you play as someone who lives in a beach town called Sunset Bird. There, you meet Cove Holden, a boy that moves in when he and you are eight years old. The story is divided in four “steps”, think of them as life stages, each separated from the next by a difference of five years. This fic is meant to take place between Steps 3 or 4, meaning Cove and the main character (“you”) are anywhere between 18-23 years of age.

The main character is customizable, but in the default settings, their name is Jamie Last. Because I don't wanna go the [Y/N] route, I decided to write this fic with the “you” character being called “Jamie”. I did try going nameless for the MC, but Cove's dialogues felt kind of unnatural like that, so I went with the default setting of the VN.)

The Ocean Restoration: California Affiliation –or ORCA, for short– sure was an organization that didn't rest, especially not in a season like this. Tourists came everyday to enjoy the beaches of Sunset Bird now that it was summer, filling with activity a town that was typically much sleepier for the rest of the year.

For you, though, Sunset Bird wasn't a shiny and interesting place to vacation in, Sunset Bird was your home. You always lived here. Your boyfriend, Cove Holden, could almost say the same. He only started living here when he was eight, but so many years had passed since then, he could be considered just as much of a local as you at this point.

Cove had mixed feelings about the tourist season. Sometimes, new faces popped up when summer came around. People would rent the available condos in your neighborhood and you’d have a new neighbor or two for a couple of months. Cove wasn't the most social butterfly out there, but he had to admit that sometimes there would be renters that were a lovely addition to the town for however long their stay was. Some other times though, more tourists simply meant more work for ORCA.

These less than ideal people would spend amazing days at the beach, but then they wouldn't take their trash home. Nobody who lived in Sunset Bird was a fan of this, but those who volunteered at ORCA took this very close to heart. Just… The poor sea animals! They could get trapped in six-pack rings, or choke on plastic bags, or get cut by broken glass. No, no, that wouldn't do. Whenever possible, ORCA volunteers would take on the task of cleaning the beach until the only things lying in the sand were seashells and pebbles, like nature intended.

Today, getting the beach as clean as possible had been an even more pressing issue because of one very important matter: ORCA was currently in the process of proving to the city council that they deserved funds to keep their operations running, and to expand their horizons on what they could do to keep the oceans safe and habitable for all the critters. But naturally, volunteers brought up the point that the authorities wouldn't take them seriously if the beach was full of trash, so they had to thoroughly clean it.

Cove was, of course, one of the many people that dived in the effort, and you had decided to tag along too. You aided in the trash collecting and reminded your partner to take breaks if he ever needed them. He appreciated your caring gestures, but he denied all attempts to get him to rest. In the beginning, he would just smile and say he was still feeling okay; as long as he stayed well hydrated, he had no reason to stop. At first you just shrugged it off and went along with it, passing him a new water bottle from a cooler whenever he asked for a refreshment. But time went on, and Cove couldn't really find it in him to smile anymore as he kept working and guzzling down water.

You first asked if he was still doing well when you noticed him slowing down and taking a moment to regain his bearings. Cove trusted you so much that he didn't bother hiding the truth behind his discomfort: He needed to pee.

“Ah,” you vocalized, “yeah, guess you’ve been drinking a lot of water.”

“And,” Cove averted his gaze for this one, “I don't exactly remember when was the last time I went to the bathroom. All I know is that I didn't use it before leaving home.”

So, he already had a bit of liquid in him before he started to drink as copiously as he had been for the past hour or two… “Need to stop?”

He shook his head. “No, I can hold it. It's barely an issue.”

You decided to trust him yet again in that he was doing okay, though your eyes couldn't miss the slight pressing of his legs. Wow, Cove was…

Your stomach felt like it was jumping around in your torso as you processed how this situation was making you feel. Cove was your boyfriend, it was natural to find him cute. You found him cute for a long time before officially dating him. You thought his habit of wiping his greasy hands on his pants during a meal was endearing. You found it oddly charming that he didn't bother to get rid of the clumps of wet sand that clung to his feet whenever he entered his home. You… You thought the way he fidgeted impatiently as he waited for the appropriate time to visit a restroom was downright adorable.

You had known Cove for over a decade by now. Ever since he moved in, you had spent most of your days with him. You two became inseparable, meaning you had seen him eager to relieve his bladder a few times by now. Initially, you didn't think much of your feelings whenever he got a bit desperate. You thought he was cute pretty much all the time, even when he did things that other people might find gross, so it made sense you kept feeling very attracted to him even when he visibly needed to pee, right?

But, as of late, you were starting to wonder if there was perhaps something more to it. It felt like you didn't just find it cute because Cove was Cove, it felt like the cuteness factor came more so from the fact that he HAD a need for the bathroom. From what you had gathered, Cove would typically tense up every now and then as his need first began to show up –like he was right now–. If he couldn't go to a restroom yet, then he’d start looking bashful, like he didn't want to attract attention to himself as his body began to do small acts of fidgeting he was barely aware of. He would nervously pass his hands through his hair and… God, he was so ador–

“Hey, Jamie.” Cove said suddenly, snapping you out of your thoughts. “Can you pass me another bottle?”

You were almost dumbfounded to hear the request. “Another one?”

“Yeah, we still have work to do and the sun is being merciless today,” he explained as if it was obvious. He was acting like he had somehow forgotten the state of his bladder already.

You fetched him another bottle and got one for yourself too. You took small sips while Cove gulped down a good amount of it in one go. You only became more befuddled by the direction your thoughts took when you watched Cove consume that much liquid even after realizing his body was starting to want some liquid out of itself. You couldn't help but think of how that water he just drank would have to come out eventually, but if Cove decided, for whatever reason, to completely forego a pee break until the beach was totally cleaned up, then that water would for sure settle nicely in his bladder, stretching it further and causing your boyfriend even more discomfort.

You didn't like the idea of your partner being uncomfortable, but he was just… adorable when he needed to pee. You couldn't deny that.

More time passed and Cove kept drinking water, though he was less enthusiastic about it. His small acts of squirming were becoming more frequent too. He wasn't picking up as much trash anymore, and you actually caught him staring at the ocean while he crossed his legs. You wondered if maybe he was wishing he could… relieve himself into the waves. Now you were also wondering if the sounds of the sea were having an effect on his desperation. Man, why did the idea of Cove getting more desperate excite you this much?

You walked over to him, noticing an empty soda can lying not too far away from him. “Hey,” you said, poking the can with your trash picker stick. “You missed this one.”

Cove gazed over to the can you were now putting in the trash bag you carried, his expression seeming as if he wasn't fully here. “Uh… Yeah, I see. Thanks.”

“What's wrong? You look like your mind is somewhere else.”

Cove’s bottom lip trembled a bit and he looked at the ocean. “It's just… Y’know, still gotta go.”

His admission was so cute… but you weren't ready for him to know you were flustered by this, so you forced yourself to be casual about it. “You want to… do it in the ocean?”

Here comes the blushing. Cove's cheeks heated up and his eyes went a bit wide. “I-I guess? But… I can't do that.”

You raised an eyebrow. “Why?”

Cove pointed in the opposite direction to the sea and you understood pretty quickly. While some of the volunteers were cleaning the beach, other staff from ORCA were currently discussing the possibility of accessing public funds with the city council. The thing was, they were discussing this outside, on a table they set up by an entrance point of the beach. Because of this, they had a pretty good view of the whole place. Some volunteers actually thought this was a good thing. If the council watched them work in real time, they'd see how hardworking the organization was. At first, Cove had been one of the people that agreed having them watch the beach cleanup was a good idea, but it seemed now like he wished he wasn't in this position.

“I can't do it here! What if one of those people sees me? I would die of shame! And they’ll never think of giving a cent to ORCA!”

You had seen Cove relieve himself once or twice while outside on the beach, sometimes when friends were present, though he always stepped out for a bit, choosing to hide himself in some bushes. Though typically, as far as you could recall, he only did this when it was only your friend group of four at the beach. When there were more people, like in tourist season, then he allowed himself relief only by using an indoor bathroom. This wasn't ever much of an issue before, he managed well, but it seemed like today the circumstances were stacking one on top of the other to make this harder for him. He forgot to pee before coming here, he’d drunk a lot of water and there were too many people around for him to find relief in the vegetation.

“I insist, you can take a break if you need it,” you reminded him. “There are lots of people working anyway, we’ll have this beach fully clean in no time.”

Cove shook his head. “I promise, it's not that bad yet. Besides, working will make me sweat, which will help.”

You found it ironic that he claimed it wasn't that bad, yet he wanted to sweat more just to ensure that a few ounces of liquid wouldn't hit his bladder, but you weren't going to debate him anymore. He did still look mostly fine, just restless… Increasingly restless. You hoped he would allow himself to at least enter a restaurant or something after the job here was done, for his sake.

You hadn't been wrong when you said the cleanup would be completed in no time. People from ORCA clapped and cheered once it was announced that the shore was devoid of any trash now. Cove was happy too and he gestured to you to come with him to a volunteer’s truck, who would dispose of the trash bags in an appropriate place. You followed him close, stopping whenever he did. Everytime he paused his walking, his legs would rub against each other uncomfortably and he would bend over slightly.

“Sorry,” he said after pausing for the third time on the walk to the truck. “That was just… a lot of water.”

Your eyes softened while you looked at him recovering from that wave of desperation. “We can go to a store and ask to use the bathroom there,” you said.

Cove seemed to really consider it. He was clearly at a level of fullness that couldn't be ignored at all anymore. “We could try that,” was all he said in response.

The two of you made it to the truck and loaded the bags inside. You noticed how Cove had his whole body tensed up now, likely as an attempt not to squirm. Once more, you found it endearing that your boyfriend, someone with a usually relaxed posture, was tightening up to hold the need to fidget at bay. Poor thing needed to move around, but he wouldn't let himself have that if people other than you were watching him.

“Thanks for helping, guys,” said the owner of the vehicle. “I’ll join y’all at the table once I’m back from disposing of the trash.”

“The table?” You asked.

“Yeah, the one where the people from the council are sitting with ORCA staff.”

You caught Cove jerking at that comment. Was it… was it mandatory that you and Cove go join the discussion now that you were done with the job?

“I feel like you would have a lot of good points to bring up, Cove,” said the volunteer. “You are like if the ocean itself was a person! You spend so much time by these waters, I’m sure they’ll listen to everything you have to say.”

Cove's mouth trembled again and his hands opened and closed into fists a few times. Clearly, he wasn't very enthused by the notion of postponing his chance at relief, but knowing Cove and how deep his love for the ocean went, you knew he now felt obligated to dash to that table and tell the council the hundred and one reasons why they should also care for the local waters as much as he did.

“O-Okay,” he said, signaling to you what decision he took. “We’ll see you around.” He said, now heading for the table where the meeting was taking place instead of going deeper into town to find a bathroom.

You weren't sure what to tell him, so you said nothing. A part of you could see how desperate he was getting, how he needed to prioritize his body’s needs, but another part of you knew he really wanted ORCA to get those funds. You wanted to believe he could manage this… Besides, this could prove to be quite the show for you, anyway.

He sat down and immediately assumed a cross-legged position. You sat by his side, more relaxed, though you could feel a bit of a need showing up in your body too. You didn't worry about yourself, though. Unlike Cove, you actually had relieved yourself before coming here and you hadn't drunk as much as he did. You could probably make it to the end of this meeting and still not feel a need to do any major squirming. Cove, on the other hand… oh, he was playing with his jewelry… another sign that he was feeling nervous about something. You knew very well what this ‘something’ was.

You and him were welcomed into the table by the fellow ORCA people, who enthusiastically introduced you to the people from the council. They spoke wonders about you two, but especially about Cove. How he was one of the most passionate volunteers, an example to follow. Cove smiled shyly at all the compliments being thrown his way, and when the council people decided to greet him with a formal handshake, he complied, his thighs pressing into each other more tightly, but the table hid him from them well. Only you could see the stress he was under.

You were also greeted with a handshake, one you had no trouble giving. You hoped your fluttery reactions at Cove weren't obvious, or that at least they would pass under the radar as you simply being enamored by your partner. Meanwhile, Cove was probably hoping his need to pee would pass under the radar as well. He began to tell the city council a small backstory of why he liked the ocean so much, and why he was so passionate about ORCA getting more resources to keep itself running.

“The ocean has given me so many nice things.” Cove spoke. “I love water-based activities. I’ve been surfing for over ten years. And… loving the sea as much as I do has also made me meet lots of great people. The ocean is…” He paused, his body tightening up some more. “A staple to our community. Sunset Bird wouldn't be what it is without the sea. We need to protect it.”

The council went on to ask him a few questions to keep the conversation going. They asked him if the waves on these beaches were good for surfing, to which he said anyone at any level of expertise could surf here and it would go well. They asked if it was nice to bathe in the water all year round, to which he nodded, answering timidly that the water is very nice and warm during the summer. You caught him biting on his lip when he was made to think of the water to that level of detail. All the memories of the times he spent surrounded by the crystal blue liquid were probably causing so much mayhem in his poor bladder… it must've felt like he was starting to carry a small ocean in there.

You sometimes contributed to the conversation as well, especially when it seemed like Cove’s attention went elsewhere. Just because a small part of you was enjoying seeing him slowly grow more frantic didn't mean that you wanted his need to be so clear to everyone else that he could end up facing ridicule for it. You helped him out whenever you could, even placing your hand on his jiggly thigh to give him some comfort. When you did that, he looked at you with a slightly trembling lip and glossy eyes, looking like he wanted to say something, but he decided not to.

After some time, Cove and his experiences weren't the focus of the conversation anymore and it was back to mostly the other ORCA members and the local authorities discussing the more bureaucratic side of this project. You saw Cove pass his hand through his hair now, along another sign that really told you just how bad his urge was getting: he subtly applied pressure to his crotch. He didn't outright grab himself, but he placed his palm flat on the seat between his legs and he scooted his crotch forward a bit, his wrist doing the work. His legs continued to jitter through the whole thing.

Your heart swelled with sympathy and a need to take care of him. He needed a bathroom so badly… “Hey,” you whispered close to his ear. “I know you care about helping ORCA, but you need to pay attention to yourself now.”

“Wh–” He breathed. “Is it too obvious? Have they noticed?”

“I don't think they have, but I certainly notice. Cove… it’s okay if you need a break. You did good enough for today.”

Cove exhaled shakily as he considered what he should do. He kept glancing over nervously at all the people on the table, wondering what could even be said to them as an excuse to leave. “You don’t think we’ll be a distraction if we get up?”

“We don’t have to be. I mean, everybody pees, they shouldn't–”

“Hey,” one of the people that worked for ORCA spoke suddenly, addressing you and Cove. “What are you two whispering about?” They asked with slight humor. “Is it relevant to the conversation, or are you just planning your next date?”

This got a few chuckles from the people that knew how tied by the hip you both were, but you didn't find it very funny. You were trying to comfort Cove that no attention would be put on him if he walked away and either confessed he needed to relieve himself or made up something else to use as an excuse, but now many eyes WERE on him, including the eyes of important people who could determine if this mission to get funds would be successful or not.

Just like you knew he would, Cove shook his head and assured everyone he and you were not talking about anything important. This made the original person joke about how your conversation was indeed just about your ‘next date’, to which he blushed more than he already was, but thankfully the teasing was dropped after that.

Still, the damage was done. Now Cove didn't want to get up, and he even wanted to keep communication with you at a minimum.

“I’ll be fine,” he whispered to you. “I just gotta stop thinking about it. I’ll get up if it gets too bad.”

You gave him a quizzical look. You thought he already was at the stage where he couldn't simply not think about it. Cove took a deep breath and rectified his posture, his thighs pressing together tightly, likely willing another wave of desperation to come and go with minimal squirming on his end. He tried to direct his focus onto the conversation taking place, and so did you, but every now and then you’d shoot a brief look at Cove, to see how he was doing. Sometimes he appeared in control, but most times he looked restless. He would pass his hand through his hair more often, you caught him rocking back and forth the tiniest bit, you saw him do the subtle crotch pressing again… but what called your attention the most was when he pulled his waistband away from his abdomen.

Cove's stomach was typically flat and well-toned. His figure was enviable, but right now, there was a slight curve to his lower belly… and you really doubted it was a bit of extra fat he could've put on.

If it really was what you thought it was, then this would be your first time seeing it, a bladder so full that it bulged out of the body. You were now equally parts fascinated and concerned. Fascinated, because this confirmed to a thousand percent that Cove was full and in desperate need to empty his poor organ. Concerned, because, well… for the same reason, honestly.

Now that he had pulled his waistband away for a moment, Cove was constantly fiddling with it, keeping it from making full contact with his body again. You tried to imagine what that would even feel like. If a bladder gets so full that it needs to start expanding outwards, then having something restricting that growth must feel awful… you had felt irritation on bumped bruises whenever you pressed on them, so maybe it was like that? Maybe it was even worse. In Cove's case, having something press on his bladder could cause not only irritation, but it could cause a… uhm…

Now you were thinking of Cove drenching his pants. You never saw him do it, despite the few close calls you witnessed in him. You didn't know of anyone having accidents at the age you both were now, but you knew Cove would be absolutely devastated if he had one. Of course, you would do everything in your power to comfort him if that happened… but it would be ideal to prevent that from happening at all.

You reached over and squeezed his knee gently. You didn't say anything, your eyes spoke for you. Do you want to leave now?

And Cove's eyes seemed to want to say ‘yes’ to that, but he never nodded. He ended up using his temporarily free hand to squeeze yours, as if to say he’s still got things under control. His behavior was really confusing you. His growing twitchiness PROVED he must want a pee break above all else, yet he kept postponing it… You really doubted the council would deny ORCA monetary help if Cove excused himself for a bit. Hell, that could happen if Cove wasn't careful and ended up having an accident in front of them!

But before you could seriously take the decision to make up an excuse to get Cove to leave, the meeting was called off. You vaguely heard the people from the council say they would work to provide ORCA with a set amount of funds, which was awesome to hear. You felt happy for two main reasons: one, this was amazing news for the organization that took so much care of the waters of your town, and two, Cove could finally go pee! He must feel so relieved!

But then, a small problem arose. As everyone got up and shook hands with smiles on their faces, Cove got hit with such a pang that he hissed in a breath and doubled over with crossed legs, leaving one of the state people hanging.

“What's wrong?” Asked that particular person, their hand still stretched out in front of your partner.

Cove couldn't shake the person’s hand, he was struggling to regain his composure. “I– I, uhm–”

You had to act quickly. You had to help him. “Love, did you get a leg cramp again?” You placed a hand behind his back to soothe him. “I told you you need more potassium!”

It took Cove a moment to play along with your white lie. “Y-Yeah, a cramp… Sorry.” He pushed through his desperation anyway and stretched a hand out for the person to shake, their face appearing compassionate and not at all suspicious of anything. “Thanks for caring about us.”

“Thank you for caring for the ocean,” they said with a nod of their head. “It is a noble cause. I hope we can meet sometime in the future soon.”

And with that, Cove was free to go. You kept your hand on his back and he managed to separate his legs just enough to recross them in the other direction. “I seriously, seriously need to go…” he muttered.

“Then why didn't you go, silly?” You asked, thinking of the times when you tried to get him to leave the meeting, or when you initially suggested he go to a restaurant or something and use the bathroom there after the trash cleanup was done.

“I… I don't know, I kept thinking the meeting would end soon, and…” He hissed again, both hands reaching for his crotch for a second before grabbing tightly onto the fabric of his pants instead. “I just really thought I had to be here. P-Past a certain point, I felt like there was no good way for me to leave with– without making it obvious that I had to pee,” He finally answered, rushing the last part a bit.

Well… you still didn't fully understand his reasoning, but that didn't matter now. What mattered was to get him to a place where he could get some much needed relief. “Well, we’re free to go now, so let's go.”

Cove nodded eagerly and tried to follow after you. You began to guide him into town, your own bladder reminding you of its presence again. It was a bit worse than the last time you paid attention to it, but you knew your situation was far less urgent than Cove’s. Whenever you found a bathroom, you would no doubt have him use it first.

The two of you walked through the boardwalks of Sunset Bird, where local businesses were everywhere. You decided to try going to the tropical restaurant first. Not only was it a place that the both of you liked, it was also where Cove worked part-time. Even in the worst case scenario where the customer bathroom couldn’t be used for whatever reason, the staff here would probably let Cove use the staff bathroom even if he was off the clock.

Cove’s walk was wobbly and stiff, his legs fearful of separating too much from one another. One of his hands stroked his hair a good number of times while he stared down, using your feet as an indication of where he should go. Poor thing was blushing too, clearly embarrassed by his own predicament… or maybe he was blushing from the effort of keeping his waters in. The second option sounded kinda hot, but you couldn't stop in your tracks just to admire him. His bladder had waited long enough.

You and Cove arrived at the tropical place, relief washing over both of your minds, as it looked like Cove’s little desperate adventure was coming to an end. He began to walk towards the toilet meant for customers, until he faded from your view, but that was fine, you would just wait for him here, by the entrance, until he was done.

You were surprised to see Cove coming back looking just as distressed and needy as ever.

You only had the time to raise a brow in confusion before he explained what happened. “The customer bathroom is being cleaned.”

“Ask your colleagues to let you use the staff restroom.”

“I did that too, but…” He took a moment to rub his knees. He looked like he was about to start potty-dancing, but he restrained himself. “Something happened with the lock of the staff bathroom, so no one can enter it for now. My colleagues– nnnngh… they’re all using the customer bathroom for today.”

Both bathrooms here were out of commission? This was so unfair! Right when he needed one the most, TWO of them exist, yet they can’t be reached…

You sighed, feeling pity for your boyfriend. A bolt of determination surged through you; you would get him to a bathroom he can use, no matter how hard it may be to find one.

“Let’s go to the grocery store. There’s a small bathroom there, remember?”

Cove nodded and began following you out of his workplace. He also had to make multiple stops during the walk there, but this time he held himself for the first time. With his face flushed like a tomato, Cove have himself a solid squeeze and groaned. You rubbed his arm soothingly, reminding him that it wasn’t going to be too long before you got there.

The two of you eventually made it to the grocery store. Cove’s hair had become his hand’s new favorite place as he tried to keep his body from writhing too much. Poor thing… but at least he should be able to pee soon. He’ll enter the one-person restroom and release all those waters he drank, and he’ll feel much better after it. You were glad you found him a place to pee after the failure that had been the tropical restaurant.

But then, you walked farther into the store and became a lot less glad when you saw the line that stretched from the bathroom.

“No way…” Cove muttered in despair before yelping, his hands diving back to his groin. His thighs shivered really hard and you spotted a certain glaziness to his eyes.

You became scared for a second that his bladder had given out, but a few seconds passed and you didn't hear or see any copious amount of liquid coming from his pants. “Cove?”

“I… I leaked a little…” He confessed in a whisper that was only loud enough for just you to hear.

Your heart thumped at the admission. He leaked… oh, if it weren't for the fact that he was genuinely stressed about this, you would've found this to be so cute. You squeezed his shoulder to comfort him. “Do you… Do you want to wait here? We can keep looking, but you decide.”

Cove thought it over for a moment before telling you he’d prefer to see if any other places were available. “Just seeing this line is making me need to go worse,” he explained, his teeth gritting by the end there. He wasn't exaggerating, those waves of desperation seemed to be hitting him more often since the two of you took the last spot in the line.

You sighed and nodded, respecting his decision. As you were about to leave again, an idea flashed through your head. Maybe if you asked nicely, someone who worked here would guide Cove to the staff bathroom of the store? It was worth a shot… If it worked, then that would make relief come to Cove faster than going somewhere else.

You left Cove behind for a bit and headed on a quick pace to the cashiers. Your boyfriend’s body trembled all over as he fought to appear like he wasn’t experiencing the worst desperation he’d suffered in years. “J–Jamie?”

“Hello,” you said to a cashier, “I–” You stopped. You looked over to Cove, who was shakily shifting his weight from one foot to the other, his hands dying to return to his crotch. You thought anyone would know by just looking at him that he needed the restroom quite badly, but you wondered at that moment if it would be humiliating for him if YOU openly mentioned Cove’s need to a stranger.

The cashier’s tired voice returned you to reality. “Yes?”

Right, ask for the bathroom… Hopefully in a way that won’t be embarrassing for poor Cove. “Uhm, I was just wondering if, uh… If customers can use the staff bathroom in case of an emergency?”

The cashier shook his head. “No, it’s against policy. But hey, the parking lot outside has a few trees that he could use,” he said, in direct reference to your boyfriend standing behind you.

You turned around and saw Cove’s cheeks become even redder. Other than the trees and lampposts, the parking lot was TOO open of a space. You had noticed a few cars parked in there and you could see now how a few people were wrapping up their shopping trip. If Cove tried to take a piss there, he’d be likely spotted by someone.

Cove’s tiny head shake told you that he must’ve been thinking the same thing. No peeing in the parking lot today, and no peeing in the grocery store’s bathroom either.

“N-Nevermind, thank you.” You waved him off and returned to Cove, grimacing at what you were about to tell him. “Sorry..:”

“It’s okay,” he squeaked, hips shimmying madly. He grasped his crotch again, but let go of it soon, perhaps sooner than he would’ve liked, but he was in a VERY public place and he kept getting shyer at the prospect that all these people could see him in his desperate state. “I know you’re trying hard to..." He gnashed his teeth, clearly trying to keep himself from moaning, "...f-find me somewhere.”

“The Chinese restaurant isn’t too far off from here,” you said with a snap of your fingers. “Come on, Cove, you can make it there.”

He bit back a whine and followed you out the store. You could feel your own heart beating faster as you became more worried with each passing minute that Cove wouldn’t be able to last the trip to the Chinese restaurant. He certainly had become a lot slower due to his rising need, you could even hear him mumbling little desperate gibberish, which you assumed he hoped you couldn’t hear.

“Oooh… Gotta peeee… I need to peee…”

Your heart was tugged in opposite directions yet again. One part of you just felt bad for him, the other wanted to admire him in his full, needy, adorable glory. You could see him gripping himself tighter at times, and you swore you could hear his clothes squelching when he grasped them that firmly.

“I can’t hold it…”

Yeah, he must’ve been leaking a bit during this walk too… He was seriously hanging on by a thread. That’s exactly why you were so nervous. Since you are not in control of the Chinese restaurant, it was up to fate if he would be able to relieve himself there or not. The best you could do was hope that luck would be on your side this time. It had to be, or things could end up really bad for your partner.

You made it to your destination and your bladder woke up again when you stepped into the restaurant. You ignored it completely, Cove’s own bladder was a much more pressing matter right now. You gave him a relieved smile and rubbed his back a little, speaking to him in the most loving tone. “You made it. Now go”

Cove knew where the bathrooms here were, so he bolted right in their direction. However, an employee stopped him. “Sir, can we help you with something?”

You watched as Cove shook in his place, struggling to get himself to speak at first. “I-I wanted to use your bathroom? Please?”

The employee winced. “I’m sorry, but we recently had a change in policy. Only customers can use the bathrooms here.”

No... When did this happen?! You remember using the bathroom at this establishment without being a customer! Sure, maybe that was a couple of years ago, but still… Of all days to learn about the updated policy, it had to be today? It had to be now?

You dashed to meet Cove, who appeared to be unable to hold himself together without gripping his personal area. He was starting to get really anxious. His breathing was short and choppy, and his eyes were gathering tears.

“You have to make an exception,” you argued with the employee. “He needs it.”

“I really am sorry,” the employee defended her position. “But there’s nothing I can do about it. If you buy something, then you can use the bathroom.”

You immediately patted your pockets, but came out of it empty-handed. You didn’t even have change, no way you could buy even the cheapest appetizer here. You turned to your boyfriend. “Do you have any money?”

He shook his head.

“Dammit,” you muttered under your breath, still trying to come up with something. “What if we make a reservation? Will that make us customers?”

The employee seemed to consider it for a moment, but ultimately… “I’m afraid not.”

Now you were fidgeting too, but more so from the nerves than from desperation. Cove, on the other hand, was coming apart by the seams from both nerves and desperation. He honestly looked like he could start crying any moment now. He was bouncing in place, hands on his crotch, legs pressed together firmly and it was clear that none of that was granting him any relief at all.

You started to become genuinely concerned he might have an accident. He just kept getting worse! You placed your hand on his back just like before in hopes to soothe him. “Come… Come on, Cove, let’s try somewhere else.”

But Cove shook his head. “J-Jamie, let's just… let’s just go home, please?”

You wondered for a moment why the Hell would he prefer walking all the way home than to try a place that was closer, but then it hit you. He probably wanted to have a guarantee that the next place he went to would be a place where he could pee. And what better place than home for that?

Your eyes softened and you nodded. You guided him out of the restaurant, noticing just as well as Cove that people were looking at him. You felt a deeper desire to protect him. He must’ve been flooded with shame whenever someone clearly stopped doing what they were doing to shoot a glance at his undeniably desperate stance. You wanted to get him out of here quickly, but not quickly enough that his body couldn't handle it.

And so, the trip back home began. Normally, the walk home should’ve taken around fifteen minutes from where you were located, but with how hard of a time Cove was having at walking, that time doubled easily. At times you even heard how the pee gushed out of him for a fraction of a second, resulting in a tighter grip and a pained whine. You just stayed close to him the whole time, keeping a hand on his arm to soothe him and also to make sure you wouldn't lose him to the crowd of tourists.

The best you could offer him was patience and encouragement. At times you really thought you should convince him to try another bathroom that could be closer, but he had made his decision and all you wanted to do was support him. Telling him to go somewhere else would come across as you not thinking he’s capable of holding it, right? No, you couldn't have him think you doubted him. You would simply stop and rub his back whenever he had to take a break to keep his bladder from completely splitting apart.

It took far too long to finally start seeing the neighborhood in the distance, but at least you and Cove could technically see relief on the horizon. “Look, Cove, we’re almost there!” You cheered him on. “Just a few more steps up the hill and you can pee.”

Cove just groaned behind his throat, his knees rubbing together, his hands never leaving their place around his cock. You wondered if walking up a hill would be a bigger challenge than walking on flat ground like you had been doing all this time. Your own bladder gave a throb, as if to say that the walk uphill would, in fact, be complicated to do while this full. If you were feeling like that, then Cove must've felt like he’d piss his pants after just a few steps up.

He bounced on the balls of his feet, his hair getting even more frazzled at the movement. He kept whimpering and shaking like a leaf in a storm. “Jamie…” He panted. “I can’t… I don't think I can hold it anymore.”

You looked at him in shock. Despite thinking multiple times that he should find another place to pee before getting to his house, hearing him give in to his desperation and accept he couldn't make it was a surprise.

“Can I do it here?” He asked in a whimper. “There still are some trees around…”

True, there were one or two trees and some bushes at the entrance to the neighborhood. So, this was it. He’d reached his limit. He hadn’t wanted to use trees before, but now? These trees were his last chance at not completely wetting himself, by the look of it. “Of course, do what you gotta do,” you told him, blushing at the realization that you were going to witness him take what was probably going to be the most needed and urgent piss of his life.

Cove didn't need to be told twice. He stepped off to the side into the small green area, shifting from foot to foot as he placed himself in front of a tree. He looked around him, noticing that the bushes covered him a bit… But with how tall he was, it wasn't enough.

“Ah… Jamie–” He called you, nervousness clear in his voice. “The bushes– They don't, uhm–” He winced and doubled over, leaking so hard into his pants that you heard it. “C-Can you keep watch over me?!”

Oh. Oh, man, this really WAS happening. You rushed over, since you could see how close his body was to giving up entirely. Once you were by his side, you placed a hand on his back to reassure him. “I’m here.”

Indeed you were, you were there with him, covering him and keeping him safe. Cove was frantic, yet he still had to take his time in just letting go of his dick, since it seemed like his body had forgotten how to keep urine in without something physically blocking its exit point.

As he held himself with one hand and lowered the waistband of his shorts with the other, you had the funny thought of how this would be your first time in ALL the time you’ve known him where you’d be THAT close to him while he did his business, which made you feel giddy. You supposed most people wouldn't give it much of a thought, were they guarding their partner during such a vulnerable moment, yet here you were, feeling like this was a milestone in your relationship.

The second Cove’s penis was out, even if it hadn't been properly aimed yet, he was already gushing. He was quick to correct it and he–

"Haaaaaahhh..."

...Moaned in relief immediately afterwards. Okay, you DEFINITELY had a thing for piss, or at least for Cove pissing. Your eyes went over to his stream, which blasted powerfully from his tip with a very audible hiss. The dirt beneath his feet was getting incredibly moist, you could see how a few grass blades actually quivered from being hit even by the stray droplets that diverged from his magnificent jet of urine.

And then… Oooh, and then, Cove's body relaxed. With a shiver that went up and down his spine, the muscles on his back became loose, your hand felt the tension coming off him like layers being peeled away. Each exhale was accompanied by further relaxation of his muscles, and he just kept going and going.

You started to feel some heat in your downstairs area, not too sure how much of it was arousal and how much of it was your need to pee returning, but you ignored it. You pushed it to the back of your mind and focused on Cove, on staying by his side and rubbing his back as he slowly made himself feel better.

Cove's torrent slowed down and you smiled. Your poor boyfriend, that had been a lot of pee… he wasn't quite done yet, but it looked like he would finish soon. You tried to imagine how relieved he must feel now, how much lighter his abdomen must be after letting go of all that.

You were both surprised to see the small trickle turn back again into a roaring jet. Cove made a weak moany sound as he slightly readjusted his aim and you felt the sensation between your legs intensifying. Just how much had he been holding?! No wonder he couldn't keep it in anymore, he had really made himself too full…

Cove's ‘round two’, for lack of a better term, winded down after a bit. It had clearly just been the very last bit of liquid for his bladder to squeeze out of itself. Once it was over, nothing more came out of him, no solitary drops, no third jet, not anything. He had, at last, truly emptied himself.

Cove stood there, stunned, for a few seconds before stashing his cock back into his pants, cringing at the dampness. He looked down to check the damage and you followed his eyes, seeing that there was a decently big patch of wetness on his clothes. Out of context, that wet spot would've made you think he had peed completely in his pants.

Blood came rushing to his face and the blush extended from ear to ear. You almost smiled at how cute and embarrassed he looked, but you became worried when you saw tears popping up at the corners of his eyes.

“Gosh, what… What even took over me?!” Cove wailed, still looking down. “I don't know why I did that…”

“Cove, it's fine…” You reassured him, patting his shoulder. “You just did what had to be done.”

He shook his head. “No, I mean the holding it part. That was so unnecessary! I could've–” He gulped, looking even more nervous for a moment. “I could've had an accident. A-And if I had an accident, you would…”

Your brows raised. What business did YOU have in whether or not Cove had wet himself or not? “I would what?”

Cove’s eyes closed and he sighed uncomfortably. “You would think of me as gross. Or stupid. Or any other bad thing, and then you wouldn’t want to be around me again!”

Your heart ached at his words. No way you could stop liking him! There were too many good things about him and so many nice memories between the two of you for that to happen. And honestly, even if today had ended with a pair of soaked pants, you doubted that would’ve had any impact on the relationship between you two. You certainly wouldn’t think any less of Cove for it. For now, you were very glad that the day had a much happier ending, though that didn’t mean your partner WASN’T still battling some negative emotions right now. You just wanted to comfort him…

You thought about maybe telling him about your new ‘interest’, but decided against it. While the sensations you felt while Cove pissed his heart out in your proximity felt like pretty solid confirmation of what you liked, you still wanted to really process what this all meant, and the extent to which your newfound tastes go, before telling Cove about it.

For now, though, maybe you could come up with something else… “Cove, that would NOT have happened. I… I like you too much, okay? Accident or no accident, I’m just glad you feel better now… At least, I assume you feel better now, right? Body-wise?”

Cove opened his eyes, yet stayed looking down. “Yeah, I feel better in that sense. I had to go really bad.”

Okay, this seemed like a good opportunity to put into action the idea you just got. “Actually… I need to go badly too.” Cove looked up at you and you felt nervous, yet excited. “Would you mind keeping guard for me too?”

His eyes widened. “You’re gonna do it here too?”

“Yeah, home seems a little too far away,” you lied. While the walk to your house with a full bladder would be very uncomfortable, you were confident you could still make it with dry clothes if you tried. Still, that wasn’t what you planned to do now. “Besides, this will make us even, right?”

Cove’s face was a bit unreadable for a moment, but his features soon softened. It almost looked like he was smiling a bit too. “I guess it will. Go ahead then.”

You positioned yourself in such a way that the bushes and trees could cover you well enough too. Still, Cove did stand on a spot where he could effectively hide what you were doing from anyone that could be going by.

Your bladder tingled with anticipation as you made up your mind of letting go here. You and Cove still gave the surroundings a brief look to make sure the streets were still empty, and they were. You got your clothes out of the way and gave your body the signal to release. Cove being so close as you were about to pee did make you feel like you had butterflies in your stomach –a whole swarm of them, at that–, but you ultimately managed to unleash your own burden. You had picked a spot that was somewhat close to the one Cove had relieved himself on, so that your puddle would be next to his.

You couldn’t lie, it felt good to pee. It felt great, even. As you emptied yourself onto the dirt, you realized that you had needed this quite a lot, you just hadn’t seemed to fully notice it, not when all your focus had been on Cove.

Your stream ceased and you sighed pleasantly through your nose, pulling your clothes back into place. You felt your cheeks burning as you faced your partner, giving him a genuine smile. You doubted he knew just how great he had made this day for you. “Thank you.”

Cove replied with a “no problem” and you laughed lightly. Your eyes went to the ground for a moment to actually contemplate the puddles you and your boyfriend left, side by side. Parts of both puddles expanded outwards and at one point the puddles were actually connected by those ‘arms’ they had. It looked like your puddles were holding hands…

Well, if that wasn’t the silliest thought you’ve had in your whole life, you didn’t know what it was. “Heh… Uhm, anyway, should we get going?”

Cove chuckled too. “Yeah, let’s go.”

He offered you his hand and you took it gladly, not minding its dampness. As you both walked further into the neighborhood, you kept thinking of how much Cove meant to you. Not only was he adorable and handsome to bits, he was also sensible, loving and accepting. He loved you just as you were and he cared for you in every step of your journey together, first as friends, now as partners.

After bidding him goodbye for the day, you went inside your home and went up to your room. As you laid in your bed, you couldn’t help but feel pretty positive about the future. With how much Cove loved you, you thought he would be okay with your newfound interest in pee. Would he participate in it to make you happy? You didn’t know, and you knew you shouldn’t put that expectation on him, but for now everything just seemed… great. Like no matter what happened, it would all turn out okay.

You couldn’t wait for the day you felt ready to tell him.

