Gravelyn's Power

Author: DaCoolCat

*000*2017-06-27 21:16

*This is a fan-fiction about the empress of Shadowfall in one of my favorite games growing up, Adventure Quest Worlds (AQW). The game is pretty fun and it's got a lot of beautiful in-game arts but it does get repetitive with the gameplay. Anyway, here was Gravelyn going through some tough times...

"The Darkness welcomes you, Servants of Evil. From this day forward, you will serve me in aiding the Alliance and, more importantly, Shadowfall and you will forever be opposed to the Queen of Monsters. Today, you will all be assigned to guard duty. Seek out General Tibias for further instruction. As undead, you will not be allowed to speak. Let your thoughts be as silent as the endless void or have your soul be taken by the Archfiend (*I'm an Archfiend guy). Now, go. And long unlive the Shadowscythe."

"Long unlive the Shadowscy-"

"SILENT!" Gravelyn yells while leaning forward and dropping a hammer fist onto the hand rest of her throne. Her long, red hair accompanies Gravelyn in her movement before she burns the memory of her new subjects' fear of her into their skulls.

"Arrr-arrrrreeeeeeewwwwwwwww!" The skeletons reply.

She nods.

They run.

"Alright, Chuckles, is there anything else?" Gravelyn asks her loyal, first undead creation.

He laughs maniacally.

"Good. Now, I must get back to planning our defenses. Do not disturb me unless it is of utmost importance, Chuckles."

"Heeeeeeeeeheeeeeee," he replies.

"Thank you."

She stands up and starts walking to her room, the bedroom. Ever since she could understand who her father was, Sepulchure of the Legends, she's always want to achieve his level of greatness. To make him proud is the greatest reason of all for her to train herself like this, both physically and mentally. And today's training is both. As a child, she'd watched him spend countless hours of the night planning, conquering, and sitting atop of his throne. Because of this, she'd always wondered about how she had never seen him... well, excuse himself.

Never before in her life had she ever her father needing the other throne when just a couple days ago she had to order the hero (*that's you, player) to collect souls for her to make into a new cape because she had dribbled a bit on her old one during a planning with her generals where she had cloaked herself so well that she could've quite possibly (probably not) peed herself without anyone noticing because there were so many layers that she had shoved between her legs. It's simply unacceptable for her to be so weak anymore even though she now knows that it was the Darkness' takeover that had made her father inhuman (in more ways than one). Though she would never judge her father harshly, Gravelyn had vowed to never let the Darkness do the same to her.

If I am to succumb to my simple bodily needs so easily... I wouldn't be a worthy ruler. That's why I must endure it. I HAVE to make my bladder stronger! She thinks to herself before clamping her thighs together.

Almost there...

But she's not going to the bathroom. She's only heading to her room, the bedroom. Arriving just before having to bounce her knees twice and nearly grabbing herself, she goes to light candles all around her.

In order to practice my... 'meditation', I re-require absolute i-isolation.

The thought that her father could still be lingering in the darkness absolute terrifies her. Bladder training is perhaps her greatest enemy just shy of the Queen of Monsters and Drakath. She had left 'him' (her father's half-soul being a sword and all) in the throne room but she needed to be certain. It isn't just her father, after all, after thinking about it. It is all the monsters around her. The Nation was once a completely independent thing from the Shadowscythe, therefore, it isn't far-fetched to think that Nulgath could be spying on her sometimes for whatever devious reason. Bottom line: she just can't risk it.

Alright, here we go. With that, Gravelyn kneels down and closes her eyes. She slows her breathing and allows her mind to fill with messages from her bladder. Every pang, she imagines, is like a minute gone by. She imagines herself staying like this for an eternity. Sleeping like the Queen of Monsters was and gaining incredible power with each passing time and when she wakes, she would be able to crush the Queen like a bug. An insignificant little insect.

...

She also imagines the hero being there with her, near lifeless until a smile spreads across the hero's face.

Thanks. Oh, geez, I thought I was a goner, the hero would say.

I'm sorry for leaving you for all this time, hero, but I had to get stronger, Gravelyn would reply with.

And you did. You're so amazing, Gravelyn. I'm sorry I couldn't stop the Queen by myself.

But you are strong. Still far stronger than any other hero I have ever met.

You... you've met with other heroes?

Hmm, hush now. Save the tough act for another time.

I suppose.

...

Well, aren't you going to do it?

What do you mean?

Kiss me.

Wh-what? Why would I want to -

Gravelyn, you're ruining the moment.

...

.....

.......

...

... damn you, hero. Fine. They finally lock lips. The hero suddenly gains the strength to carry on further, wrapping an arm around her waist as the other hand moves up to stroke her hair. She slowly crawls over on top of the hero as they continue, euphoria rushing while their hands start to wander. Soon, she becomes wet.

... Oh, no.

Snapping back to reality, her hands make a mad dash to her front nether region to find it partially soaked.

Wait, soaked?! That's ten times worst than wet!

Indeed, her crotch was soaked. There is a small puddle under her as she feels more about to escape.

Damn it, I still have to go! And it's still really bad. I must get to the bathroom!

Feeling like she's overdone the whole 'meditation' thing, Gravelyn rushes to her private lavatory when suddenly...

"Heeeeeeeeeheeeeeeeheeeeeeeheeeeeheeeeeheeeeeheeeeeheeeeeheeeeeheeeee," says a voice from the outside.

"NOT now Chuckles!" Grave replies.

"Heeeeeeeeeheeeeeeeheeeeeeeheeeeeheeeeeheeeeeheeeeeheeeeeheeeeeheeeee."

"I can't wait!" She says and immediately blushes as red as her hair as realization dawns on her that she had just stated her predicament rather bluntly and un-tough-empress-like.

"Heeeeeeeeeheeeeeeeheeeeeeeheeeeeheeeeeheeeeeheeeeeheeeeeheeeeeheeeee?"

"I-I mean, 'it' can w-wait...!" She says before her bladder sprays her legs (and armor) with pee and creates another pungent puddle (this one rather large) down under her feet. The momentary distraction had made her pee herself.

N-no, I can't stop now! I'm too close! She thought as she continues to run to the bathroom. She finds the toilet and finally flops down with a wet smack! before letting go of her bladder completely, further destroying the sanctity of her dignity and clothing. Droplets of her shame had stained the floor while she was on her way to the bathroom but the relief is sooo worth it for her (for now, anyway).

"Ooooohhhhhhh...!" She moans quietly before realizing what she was doing and cupping a hand over her mouth... before removing that hand because it smells like pee.

Well, that was... something else, she thinks to herself, quite surprise at how nice the release was. The stimulation caused by her peeing definitely capitalized on the result of her imagination from before and she doesn't quite know how she feels about it...

Maybe I need to understand this to truly be able to control myself? Hmm, not a bad idea.

*002*2017-06-28 18:44

Sure! I wasn't planning to do more but should I continue with Gravelyn or someone else?

*007*2017-06-29 05:25

*Thanks, guys! So I guess Gravelyn's not over yet! I do like to write messing stories too (this post's not one of them, though) but I'm going to have to try real hard to imagine Gravelyn being in that situation... it's fun though and is definitely a break from regular ole Omorashi. Fear wetting, too.Clothed wetting is a go-to for me so... check out her armor in this one...

Gravelyn, donning her battle armor, angrily stomps her way over to Shadowfall's old shop section where Dage the Evil now occupies the space. The critters of the shadows scurry along as they sense the empress' angry presence. Though Gravelyn's own powers are insignificant when compared to monsters like Dage and Nulgath, the strength that she had gained over the past couple of years had come at such a little cost to her sanity that it's scary. But for Dage, he respects that. Yet it isn't the reason why he was always willing to fight for her or besides her.

Ah, she's heading this way, he thinks to himself.

... Still such a young vessel and yet her potential has been wasted by the Fates. Poor child empress.

Dage's gaze finally meets Gravelyn's as she enters the room.

But if they order you to betray then who am I to leave an empire's throne empty?

If Dage still have flesh, he'd be smiling from ear to ear.

"Dage, what are you doing? The castle should be back up and flying by now!" Gravelyn said with quite a hint of frustration in her voice.

"I understand but Queen Victoria have ordered for her mages to return to Swordhaven. That leaves only ours and some are still out at Shadowspire to try and resurrect what they can of our army," Dage replies.

"Damn it... well, have we figured out what caused the dragon to crash it, at least?"

"I'm not completely certain but there was a faint sense of the Queen of Monsters' energy minutes before the dragon lost its power."

""Lost its power?" So we don't have to actually resurrect it again?"

Dage nods.

"It still requires far more energy than we can muster up at the moment so it will take some more time. If the need is urgent, we can fetch the hero," he says.

Gravelyn frowns at this. Although the Undead Legion, the Nation, and the Shadowscythe have been in an alliance of their own for some time now, they're all still very separated by nature. Help is rarely offered if the cost must be paid by one's group and Gravelyn knows it, so all forces that Dage and Nulgath currently control here (in Shadowfall) are hers. Mostly, they're for their own... but the hero is always there. Out of goodness or ambition, the hero would always help Gravelyn no matter the cost. She had fallen in... deep interest of the hero because of this and because of so, she just couldn't ask the hero for help again. She doesn't want to be seen as needy.

"No, we are not in a hurry. But I don't like the idea of being immobilized. We could be in danger," she says.

"Hmm, I see your point. I will get to work right away to see if there is any threat in the area," Dage replies.

"Thank you."

Dage nods as Gravelyn walks out only to immediately return.

"Also... do any of the soldiers that you command happen to be craftsmen?"

"... What?"

"N-nevermind," she says quickly before leaving again.

"?"

Truth was, the crashing had predictably broken a few things. This included her toilet. It was severed from the base and had embarrassingly flown through the bathroom door and across her bedroom out through the balcony. And Gravelyn, being an empress and all, was all too busy (like always in her mornings) to have gotten a chance to use it and it was her first mistake. The jolt of the crash had also caused a jolt to her bladder, which had only made matters worse for her. Now, as she heads outside (rubbing her thighs together before every turn in the cold, dark corridors of her castle), Gravelyn's mind starts to race to search for a solution to her desperate need for a wee.

Damn, this is ridiculous. I need to just go in a bush or something and get back to work, she thinks to herself before clenching her thighs once more.

She exits through the mouth of the skeletal dragon and immediately sees her second mistake. Roaming around the forest that they've crashed in were hundreds of her skeletal army, most likely searching for threats like Dage had probably ordered them to do. Gravelyn groans.

Well, so much for that. Now I need to hurry up and think of another plan before I wet myself... no, no, NO! That is definitely NOT happening. It is one thing to humiliate myself in private but I will NOT do it while Shadowfall could be in danger!

Just like before, determination flows through her like a heat stroke and she finds herself red in the face and gritting her teeth. To others, she imagines, she probably looks angry. But on the inside, Gravelyn was nervous. She was almost scared that she won't make it but her mind wouldn't let her fears be sensed by the darker and more powerful beings around her. She could die because of it... if she don't of embarrassment first. As she begins to head back inside, General Tibias approaches her.

"My empress! You appear to be ready to slay! We have captured two spies from the fallen Champion of Chaos!"

With that, her image is supported by true anger.

Drakath! That bastard!

And with that momentary distraction, her bladder spasms. Nearly in an instant, Gravelyn dips her knees and presses her thighs together right in front of Tibias! She blushes wildly and quickly tries to cover it up by clenching a fist victoriously at the news and smiling (weirdly).

"Good. Bring them to their knees and drag them to the front of the throne! Their fates now lie with their tongues. We will see what they have to say," she says quickly and assertively, much to her surprise.

"Yes, my empress! We shall see how loyal they will be to their master in the face of the void!" He replies.

It doesn't seem like he had noticed. I really need to be more focused! Now think: where else is isolated enough for me to 'go'? There are other bathrooms in the castle but they are all for the living soldiers and asking them to use their facilities is... really embarrassing.

As she ponders her options, Gravelyn is walking through the corridors once again. This time, she has her hands close by her sides for quick grabs whenever she was absolutely sure that no one is watching. Whenever she must stop, her hips would sway from side to side in an attempt to hold back the content of her bladder. She would also shift from foot to foot from time to time and after some time with no luck on finding a solution, she suddenly loses strength in her legs.

Damn it! GET UP! She internally screams to herself.

Her body starts shaking as she begins to feel someone coming! As if her body is an instinct machine, Gravelyn rises to her feet right before Cynari of Swordhaven spots her.

"Ah, Empress Gravelyn. I was looking for you to speak about the spies," he says.

"What do you want?" She replies, facing away from him as a trickle of warm pee starts to make its way down to her armor's red metallic built-in heels.

"I wish that you will keep the spies alive. Even if Drakath had sent them, you should spare them."

"Why should I? If they must remain loyal to him then there is but one way for them to go."

*Fidgets.

"Please, think about the chaorruption that they must have endured. They might have never had the chance to do the right thing. Drakath might have taken their normal lives from them, stripping them of their own freewill."

This is bad. If I don't stop peeing it's going to start to smell!

"Fine, I see your point. I guess I will spare them," Gravelyn says briefly.

"Thank you. I know I have little jurisdiction over anyone here but I am glad that you can see reason."

"If there is nothing more you wish to discuss with me then leave."

"Oh, I was also on my way to the cells to prepare them in case I could convince you for the spies."

...

THAT'S IT! THE CELLS! I can use a bucket!

With hope resurfacing from the desperate waves, Gravelyn manages to stop the trickling from her bladder.

"There is no need, I will have someone prepare it for them," she says.

"Then I will take my leave, now. Thank you," Cynari replies then walks away.

Now's my chance! Just a bit longer...!

Running, Gravelyn rushes to the cells' room. Though the room is guarded by quite a number of aggressive zombies, she pays them no mind as they are the completely mindless type of undead. As she looks for the keys to the cells, she starts to dribble!

No, no, NO! I'm about to lose it! Hurry!

She finally spots them on a wall. She could pee herself right here and now but she still have to think about her armor and she'd rather pee in one of the cells in case anyone enters the room as they are built into the walls and can't be seen by the entrance. Dancing to the nearest one with a hand between her legs, she opens it.

Sadly, there is no bucket. All there exist within the confine is a bench.

W-what?! But... I can't... wait..... any longer.......

In a last-ditch effort, Gravelyn removes her lower armor, sits on the bench, and loses herself in relief as she pees. Her stream, warm, creates a bit of steam as it splashes against the seat, spraying her butt a little bit too. And her lower armor. A large puddle pools underneath her as she shivers with embarrassment and, awkwardly, excitement. She could feel the current stimulating her in a way that she had never felt before. Soon, the emotion dies down and she is, once again, red and nervous old Gravelyn, the stained, wet empress of the Shadowscythe.

...

DAMN IT!

*009*2017-06-30 04:12

*Thanks! I think I'm going to try and add a bit more of Gravelyn's thing for the hero in this one. There's no messing in this post but it's going to be a setup for the next chapter.

###

It's silence that accompanies her at the large dinning table as Gravelyn eats her meal alone. The flickering light of the candles reveals a cold glare, Gravelyn's cold glare. It's the one she's donned ever since her father, in Gravelyn's eyes, had become more like the Legendary DoomKnight, Sepulchure, than her dad. Then was also around the time when the empress' responsibilities had started to take control of her life.

She had started to wear very light makeup, if only to look a little more like what she is - royalty or, simply, someone to be respected; she had started to train strenuously with a sword, if only to occasionally knock a few boneheads down at the training room; and she had even joined her father in planning for their many invasions of villages, towns, and, of course, kingdoms like Swordhaven. The memories would flood back to her and, back then, she would cry. Back then, her shoulders would shake, up and down, as her breathing was course exhales sounding like coughs. Back when the only world she knew had just collapsed, her blue eyes would be accompanied by tears.

Now, it's different.

Now, they're glaciers. Gravelyn's eyes would be as cold as bites from a frostwyrm. Her posture would be powerful and commanding but with a hint of softness in her overall facade. This is a dignified leader, Empress of the Shadowscythe. This is partly because he's returned, though his soul's fragmented. To sit everyday atop of his legacy, she didn't get here by themselves.

*Clank.

Her fork punctures its way through the chickencow steak to meet the plate.

It was the hero showing up on that day. The hero had offered help to repair the crashed castle and, even after retrieving a bank note for one trillion gold, had chose not to ask, in return, for any kind of payment. It was a selflessness that Gravelyn had severely doubted. There must have been an ulterior motive. But the empress could find none. The hero would only ever return to take on her quests for an honest pay. Whether it's the hero's dutifulness or faith in the ways of evil, it is... admirable.

*Clank.

Her spoon meets the plate before scraping it over to some mashed potatoes.

She was inspired, for the first time since her father's death, by the hero. And now, as she stares blankly at her plate, she wishes the hero is here with her. She doesn't feel lonely, no, but she is jealous of others gaining the hero's attention over her today, though it doesn't make her angry. It's the nature of the hero that she loves so much after all... but then she thinks about what her father would say. Would he approve of the hero when he returns fully and if he ever capture the gist of her feelings? Would he even consider her tainted for becoming a different person because of the hero?

Have I gone soft? Gravelyn asks herself.

*Gurgles.

... Oh, that is embarrassing.

Her facade breaks down as she leans forward and tries to rub her stomach through her regular armor.

I guess it's about time that I finish up here. I could really use the bathroom too.

Gravelyn gets up. She walks out into the corridors of Shadowfall before she's approached by Bonebreak the Vile, one of her most promising commanders.

"My empress, I have urgent news. On behalf of the Alliance, the hero have requested for our help at the Charred Path to defeat a massive monster heading for Battleon," he says.

Gravelyn smiles in secret in her mind as her excitement starts to rise.

... No time to be daydreaming.

"What did they report about the area?" She asks.

"They have confirmed that, in certain parts of the Charred Path, it is plagued with a poisonous toxic gas."

"Only in certain parts? Is this for certain?"

The commander almost smiles at the wordplay before Gravelyn strikes his sense of humor down with her signature glare.

"Yes, my empress. There have been many reported victims who have fallen to the gas and the hero did also confirm this by running in there as well."

This nearly shocked Gravelyn.

Damn it, hero, she thinks to herself.

"Alright, then we will go to aid," she says.

Gravelyn makes her way over to Dage the Evil as she directs him to set a course to the charred Path. Readying her soldiers and their giant dragon, she quickly loses time to tend to her more... personal businesses. Walking around has her swaying her hips a lot more often than she'd like. She would be shifting from foot to foot while giving out her commands. Her hair would bounce as she bounce while trying to put on her battle armor. It would seem like her past holdings have left her with a slight case of incontinence...

*Drips.

... Huh? W-wh-what? All of the sudden?!

Gravelyn quickly crosses her legs and put a hand between them as she continues to listen to her generals' reports at their meeting table.

I'm n-not sure if I c-can hold it until we're done...!

Gravelyn begins to tightly grab onto the cloaking that hangs just on the front of her crotch attached to her armor. Rhythmically, she would shift around, making a bit of noise with her suit and causing her to blush slightly. Suddenly, a wave of desperation hits her as she closes one eye in pain and grits her teeth.

It's s-starting... t-to hurt...! She thinks to herself.

She then realizes that she's gathered the attention of some of her (undead) men who aren't speaking, which causes her to blush brightly on the inside as she starts to regain her composure through will. She slowly removes her left hand and places it onto her right shoulder before moving it back and forth to make it look like it was the cause of the pain. Luckily, the generals stop looking. But she knows that she needs to end the meeting soon...

"... so Empress Gravelyn doesn't have to get close to the ground and that toxic gas. Are we all covered?" Says one of the generals.

"Aye." Replies the others.

*Trickles.

Damn it, damn it...! I must hang on... for just a while longer...!

But she wouldn't. Gravelyn's bladder slowly releases its content on its own as the steady trickle creates a small but rapidly expanding puddle of wee on her chair.

"IF... that is all then you will all head to tend to your units... RIGHT NOW," Gravelyn says menacingly, her eyes beginning to turn red like how they'd usually do in battle. This time, though, she could swear that they're turning red from her embarrassment.

The abruptness of the command leaves her generals confused as they start to move out. Meanwhile, so is her urine as it continues to pour out of her, onto the chair and from the chair, onto the floor, splashing with a bit of sound. As the last one exits the door, Gravelyn could no longer hide the terrified look on her face. Squirming in her seat, she buries both her hands into her lady parts and breathes heavily, almost moaning.

I-I... I really can't... hold... anymore..... but, this isn't me! But, letting go..... felt... so nice... before...

She begins to get excited. Her chest heaves her breastplate easily as her red hair begins to stick to her forehead because of sweat.

Hahh, hah, since when did I started sweating? Damn it. What if the hero sees me like this? She thinks to herself as the thought makes her suddenly so horny.

She imagines the hero fondling her in her naughty places.

So, Gravelyn, how long have you been holding it in? The hero would say.

Wh-what on Earth are you talking about, hero? Gravelyn would reply with.

You know what I'm talking about. You're really cute when you become flustered, you know that? The hero says while stroking her hair and as she locks her deadly glare on the hero, still on top from the last time she imagined it.

...

Honestly, Gravelyn, you've worked so hard and you're so beautiful. Why would I mind if you pee yourself now?

..... I... don't have to go.....

I don't mind.

...

Gravelyn, the hero pulls her closer now, I really don't mind, the hero says, breaking into a cheesy but lovable grin.

And that is it for her. Gravelyn cocks her head back as she pees into her armor and out onto her hands as it pours over. The splashing can be heard from anywhere in the room as her yellow cascade runs down from the chair and onto the back of her heels. Her knees automatically clamps together but she makes no refusal to her bladder's release. Her fingers dig deep into the soaked cloak in front of her crotch.

"Aaahhhhhhhhh," Gravely quietly sighs to herself before biting onto her lower lips. Leaning forward, she then gyrates her hips to make more contact with her pussy and is immediately rewarded with a pressure point.

I... I'll need to make this quick! She thinks to herself as she finally displaces her lower armor for her fingers to work their magic.

Vigorously, she rubs herself as she starts to wee at full speed! The spraying gets violent to the point where quite a bit of it then sprays on her upper armor. Never before in her life had Gravelyn gotten so dirty! But soon, she would outdo this by finger-fucking her lady bits with her well-lubricated gauntlet's fingers. Within minutes, she reaches the biggest orgasm of her life.

And then the most embarrassed state that she has ever been.

...

...Damn it.......

*013*2017-07-02 23:13

*Thanks to all once again! Sooo... that chickencow's going to come back to haunt Gravelyn in this chapter... yeah, and a lot of dialogues are going to be recycled from the actual game's cutscene, too, because I'd rather make the characters feel as accurate as possible to the fans of the game who are reading this, sooo... yeah. #TheMoreYouKnow.

"Oof. Let's not try that again," says the hero.

After their first confrontation with Extriki, a giant creature with more poisonous green pus lumps on its back than a stereotypical witch's bottom, the hero, Warlic, and Brentan (the current king of Swordhaven after the death of King Alteon) were aided by a blast from the dragon that holds Shadowfall to the sky. Queen Victoria, having boarded the dragon some time ago, was pacing impatiently back and forth in the empress' throne room while waiting for Gravelyn to finish whatever preparations that she had left, partly because Victoria was worried for Brentan and the hero and partly because she really needs to use the bathroom. Her head of light brown hair had followed her and tickled the back of her neck, sending goosebumps and shivers all over her body. Now that all are present and accounted for, all she could think about is now badly she has to go but, as they board, she manages.

"Are you all okay?" Victoria says while trying to keep as cool as Gravelyn who looks to be... a bit pale?

Looks like she's been working really hard... but she should take a break sooner rather than later, she thinks to herself.

... Same goes for me, though. Ugh, REALLY hope we come up with a plan quickly so I can excuse myself.

"Yeah, I think so. Warlic's barrier kept us mostly dry," the hero says.

Victoria's heart skips a beat as the hero looks straight at her for a second. Her cheeks grow warm but she avoids blushing.

Dang it, that gets me every time! But not now. I have to focus! Battleon could be in serious danger! She thinks to herself before mentally slapping herself out of it.

"Thanks for the rescue, Gravelyn. You guys got here just in time!"

"It was lucky that we did! If we'd been much later, you could all be dead!" Gravelyn says with less of her usual empress-like tone and more of a concerned voice.

"We were thinking we had to stop that monster from reaching Battleon!" Brentan says.

"And such a good job you did of that," she coldly replies.

"Now look here-"

"We didn't know when you'd get here, and we were worried it would be too late," the hero says.

Gravelyn's gaze then falls on the hero and her intensity cools off. This is what the hero does and she knows it by now. Truth to be told, she'd expected it. She isn't really angry with Brentan either. Her image just needed a little something to back it up. After all, wetting oneself doesn't quite build up one's character of confidence... which was exactly what she did, much to her embarrassment. Now, she's met with another call. Something beyond her ability to predict its comings and goings as of late is calling her during the delicate hour of this time.

"We took a chance. We felt we had to," says the hero.

*Gurgles.

Gravelyn's eyes shoot wide open as her stomach twists itself. Standing as straight as she possibly can, she fights against the pain that would, in normal circumstances, send her running to the little empress' room.

Damn. Of all the times I could have gone, why do I have to go now?! She thinks to herself while starting to fidget on the spot.

I guess it's good that it wasn't so loud...

"I do understand why you made that call, even though I think it was the wrong one," Victoria says.

The Queen of Swordhaven is now shuffling quite a bit from foot to foot as she talks.

"There's no sense in arguing about it now. That energy is better spent on round two. We'll have a better shot if we can find its weakness."

She begins to perspire as she looks to end the conversation. Noting that her bladder's been sending a lot of signals, she decides that it's best to heed them. Using hand gestures she was directing the room's focus away from her happy feet and to her upper body but she knows that it won't do so for long...

"Hmm. Alright. How do you propose we do that?" Brentan asks.

To her own surprise, Victoria haven't thought about it at all. She's stuck. Not because of her inability to think right away but because she had just spurted something warm into her panties. Luckily, she's still good at keeping her appearance clean as she's wearing dark brown pants and the crotch is covered up. It would take a large bit of gushing for her to be visibly wetting herself, something that she would rather avoid by holding herself first, openly or not.

But she's getting there.

Gravelyn, though, thankfully, interjects.

"Capture one of the smaller ones," she says.

"Something sentient. Smart enough to talk. Whatever it's most afraid of... that's what we hit it with."

The hero and Brentan look at each other as they let the plan sink in and then to the queen and empress. Now, they have a plan.

.......

Victoria quickly walks, with both hands holding herself, over to an undead guard after the brief meeting. She needs to go and she needs to go now.

"Excuse me, do you know where I can find a bathroom around here?" She asks.

"Arrrrreeeeeeewwwwwwwww!" He/She replies.

Wait... what?

Victoria gives the skeleton a confused look as she continues to squirm in place. Her legs try to cross but the hold have become so tight that the sweating 'down there' have begun to dampen her clothing even more! She blushes as she imagines what she must look like right now, shaking in her boots like a little girl but only because she has to pee so badly.

Dang it, that's right. The undead aren't allowed to talk! She thinks to herself.

This is worrying... but I'll have to explore the castle to find something before I lose it!

She then begins to wander down the dark halls of Shadowfall. Every now and then, a sort of nightmarish sound would be heard from seemingly behind Victoria, scaring a leak out of her and a couple more as she struggles to hold in her pee. She's only supposed to bide her time by coming up with an attack plan for her army back in Swordhaven but she desperately wishes she'd just ask Gravelyn about where the bathroom is. She's suffering the consequence of her action now. Finally, she stumbles across some sort of room.

Yes! C'mon, let there be a toilet, please...!

But, of course, it isn't. It's a room with a large window that allows for communication with other terrors of the world, a true evil villain's must-have. The young queen Victoria slowly removes her hands away from her urethra as she spots a shadow materializing within the panes and she rushes out the door.

*Trickles.

Eeek! Nooo, it's running down my legs! She thinks to herself as two little rivers make their way into her boots, wetting her thighs and soaking into her clothing.

Damnit damnit damnit, HURRY...!

She begins to walk a little faster as she is steadily spurting now. Tears begin to blur her vision yet her brave and rebellious nature refuses to let her cry. She's also beginning to cramp. Her mouth starts to constantly shifts from an 'o' shape to her gritting her teeth as she fights waves and waves of desperation. And then she comes across another room.

"Haaahh... haaahh..." she pants.

I'm... at my limit....... not gonna make it... have to... go..... in here.

She opens the door to find a dimly lit library. There are two open windows behind a pillar that's just in front of her, which is about the only privacy that she'll ever get in here. As the sun rises outside, she knows what she must do. Bending over, Victoria hurries to behind the pillar where her journey ends. She goes to squat a little too early, though, and her bladder starts to let go without her consent, soaking her bottom completely.

Hngh, shi-. Should've pulled my pants down first... ahhhhh.

The light coming from the windows highlights the reflections in the giant puddle of pee in the room as it reaches across the floor and to the middle of the library. The sound of her water hitting the hard floor would stick in her mind for an embarrassing memory for a long, long time.

###

Gravelyn is needed. Her focus is on the task at hand... yet the task at home isn't finished. And now, it's haunting her.

But I cannot leave yet. I have to help the hero!

She soldiers through and arrives on the ground with Twilly, Lim, and Warlic's blue flying eyeball. As the situation grows dire (in her bowels), she starts to let a few poots out.

Quietly... quietly... act like nothing is wrong but the world around us, hero, she thinks to herself as the hero asks her on her opinion on what to do.

"Ugh (she breaks wind here). Well, you guys didn't improve the situation when you attacked Extriki. The area is completely covered in his toxic bile," Gravelyn says.

"Yeah, it's getting pretty gross. Don't know how I didn't smell it before but it's starting to smell like farts now," the hero replies, much to the empress' embarrassment.

Damn it! No, the hero is only joking and doesn't know... right?

Because of a few recent events (accidents), Gravelyn had been feeling a little too relaxed with her needs, not covering herself up too much. But this is a wake-up call for her as the hero is now at risk of finding out about her shameful discomfort! She begins to get mad at herself for letting this happen and her eyes begin to glow bright red. Her hair begins to make like they're about to float because of her anger as she clutches hard on her father's blade (now imbued with a part of his soul).

"Get rid of as much of it as you can - both the bile itself and the noxious clouds coming off of it," she says to the hero.

After sending the hero on several more quests and the hero is gone, she puts her blade down as her movements become more and more obvious and, ultimately, harder to hide.

"Sorry, Father. I have to make sure that the surround area is safe and that we are not being spied on. I would take you along but they could sense your presence."

The sword doesn't talk back. She begins to take her journey somewhere far, far away when Lim yells at her.

"Hey! Where are you going?"

.......

.......

*Pffftt.

.......

Oh, that had BETTER not leave a stain!

Lim stands still, waiting for an answer with a cocked eyebrow.

"Checking the perimeter," she says. "Need to see if it's safe."

"Oh, then you're gonna need this," Lim says, tossing her a walkie-talkie and a toxicity detector.

"T-thanks," she blushes as she sputters.

Suddenly, as she walks deeper into the unknown, her bowels churn violently.

*Gurgles.

*PFFFTT.

Oh, fuc-. It's coming... out.....!

She hurries on over to a spot between a tree and a bush where it's safe and secluded and, as she's about to take her lower armor off and pull her panties down, she hears:

"Hey, Gravelyn. You there?"

Hiiiii!

She manages to contain her voice and hold onto her dignity. It is the hero talking to here through the walkie-talkie and she wants to scream.

"Y-yes. I'm busy, right now... checking out some areas. Return to Lim once you're done the given task."

"Alright. You should be careful out there. Also, watch out for your toxicity level -"

"I know, hero. You needn't remind me. Now, go!" She says urgently, her bowels beginning to unload into her panties!

"Alright. See you back at the ten-"

Gravelyn quickly cuts the hero off by chucking the walkie-talkie into another zone of the map and she begins to grunt. But it's too late. Her panties begin to sag and fill the back of her lower armor as she involuntarily arches her back and sticks her butt out. Her whole upper body becomes paralyzed as she, once again, spills whatever content that's left in her bladder, this time only soaking a bit of her panties... but they're definitely ruined. She messes herself until it is completely impossible for her armor to withstand, making her find the strength to pull it off so that she can continue on the ground for a little bit before she's done.

The deed has been finished.

Her mind suddenly clears and she's left mortified of her current situation. Not only can't she get back to the tent where they first started, she's starting to feel sick because of the toxicity in the air. She HAS to get back to Twilly.

...

DAMN IT.

*Hope you guys have enjoyed this one! I think I'm going to take a break for a little while because I want to spend the time playing some Witcher 3 (holy cow, that game is big). I think that I might want to do a story on it too because the characters are so good. There's a legendary story on it already about Triss Merigold but I, personally, was craving for more when it was finished. Anyway, thanks for reading and tell me what you guys think!

