My Kinky Android Sub (an original idea by me)

Author: dylann

*000*2022-10-29 08:18

Note!

This fic is an original idea! The characters belong to me, and so does everything else! I may or may not include artwork of the characters to better visualize them. Let me know if you want this up an Wattpad, since it is easier to write a story there. Anyway, characters include:

Leon - androgynous male - 27 years old - gay - african american - black curly hair with brown fades - ear + nipple piercings - slight muscular build.

•(Sexually) likes: holding, desperation, bladder torture, bdsm, Calxyn.

•Likes: robotics, engineering, mechanics, coding, computer coding, video games, Calxyn.

•Dislikes (in general): public humiliation, public wetting, alcohol, being interrupted while holding.

Calxyn (code name,) Callan (“human name”) - male - no specific age - unspecified sexuality - no race (medium tan skin tone.) - brown wavy hair - freckles + acne - thin but slightly muscular build.

•(Sexually) likes: holding, desperation, bladder torture, bdsm, being punished, being tested, being controlled, Leon.

•Likes: Leon, learning about humanity.

•Dislikes: rude people.

Yeah this is just an introduction. Let’s hope people read this!

*001*2022-10-29 11:25

Chapter one- Project Calxyn is complete!

I had been holding since the early morning around 6:30 a.m, and it is currently 7 p.m. 12 hours and 30 minutes have passed since then, and I have drank plenty of fluids.

I am in the basement of my small house, where I work on my machines and devices. Currently, I sit in a plastic chair with my legs crossed, my body bouncing, my d1ck erected between my legs, and both of my shaky hands working away at the final piece to my project. I fidget in my seat while trying to focus on the task at hand, but I am so utterly desperate to release the urine in my achingly full bladder. But I can’t release just yet. The ability to finally use the restroom is my upcoming reward after I finish this project.

Every once in a while, I would quickly place one of my hands on my c0ck to prevent myself from leaking or squirting, while sometimes failing.

“Shit-!” I say as I feel liquid warmth spread in my briefs. I drop everything to free up my hands and hold my throbbing d1ck as firmly as possible. My bladder stings as a way of begging for sweet relief, but I deny it once again. The leaking stops, and a large wet patch can be seen on my blue jeans. I bend downwards to pick up my tools. Unfortunately, bending down puts pressure on my poor bladder. I moan in pain.

It’s been around 7 minutes, and my leg muscles begin to ache. I am almost finished. All I need to do is connect my personal device, my phone, to my laptop that controls the motherboard of my robotic masterpiece. And finally, it’s complete. Project Calxyn. I marvel at my work, but immediately remember my emergency.

I get up and run up the stairs as I feel piss run down my leg, leaving a trail of urine behind me. But once I reach the toilet, it is too late.

I fumble with my button and zipper, and a bubbly, hissing sound can be heard as piss floods my pants. The sound of pee hitting my tiled bathroom floor echoes throughout the bathroom and into the hallway as well.

“F-fvck…”

Ecstasy flows through my body, my stretched bladder the most. My face is hot with arousal, my eyes watering from the earlier pain in my bladder, pants and moans of pleasure escape my mouth, my erected d1ck throbbed.

God did I love this feeling the most. And now I finally created someone to share, even inflict this feeling with / on.

Oh yeah, Project Calxyn.

*002*2022-11-03 02:43

Leon photos

$$

$$

$$

$$

