The Lady, the Lobby and the Ladies Room

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2021-06-03 12:07

This was just sort of a more mundane more down to earth type of story compared to a lot of my recent ones which involved science fiction or fantasy aspects. This is more of a mundane sort of story about just a woman who has to stay at her post guarding the bags of her and her friend while her friend gets train tickets and she just gets stuck waiting for the bathroom by herself. I guess it also sort of reflects the fact that it sort of like the frustration of not being able to leave your post to relieve yourself which is kind of the situation I am in right now unfortunately. Anyway I hope you enjoy! Also in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/6621.html

The Lady, the Lobby and the Ladies Room

Jill and Leah got off the train carrying all of their luggage with them until they got into the lobby of the train station which they noticed was especially crowded given that it was rush hour, which made them wish that they had bought their tickets in advance instead of waiting to buy them when they arrived at the train station.

"I can't believe how long we were on that train," Jill said as the two of them sat down a minute and put down their heavy bags. "When do we have to catch the next train?"

Leah looked at her watch. "We have about a half hour to go until the train arrives and I still have to go and get our tickets and it looks like there is going to be a really long line and everything. I had better go if we are going to catch this train, you just stay here with the luggage and don't let it out of your sight as we have lots of valuable things in there and we would get in a lot of trouble if we ended up losing them."

"Well you can count on me," Jill said as Leah started bolting off but she wanted to shout a minute that before that she would have really liked to use the bathroom. She hadn't realized that she had been on the train for so long and that she had drank a little too much. Why didn't trains ever have bathrooms these days?

As Jill stood there with the luggage she was hoping that Leah would be back soon, as how long could it possibly take just to buy a couple of train tickets?

"I really wish that I had gone to the bathroom before she bolted off like that," Jill said as she crossed her legs and looked at the ladies room as she noticed a line was starting to develop in front of it. The line looked like it was moving reasonably quickly but she knew that she couldn't leave the bags there where anyone could steal them. "Well I'm sure she'll be back in just a couple of minutes," Jill said reassuring herself that her wait hopefully wouldn't be that long.

Jill started leaning against the wall as she stood there with the luggage watching as people came and went into the men's room and the ladies room, with the men's room practically having a revolving door. For a moment Jill was tempted to run quickly into the men's room, but she knew that she couldn't leave the luggage out there even for a second, because it only took a second for somebody to run off with it and steal everything leaving them in a major bind.

Jill checked her watch and she realized it had now been about five minutes and she still didn't see any sign of Leah but her bladder didn't feel any less full than it did a few minutes before. In fact now she was positively bursting. She hadn't realized until she stood up after sitting on the train all that time just how badly she had to go to the bathroom.

"Come on hurry up," Jill said as she danced in place, not wanting to be really obvious about the fact that she had to pee but now she could barely ignore it for a single moment. She probably hadn't gone in about four hours and now her bladder was incredibly full.

Jill thought that she would just try to put it out of her mind and not think about it until Leah got back and gave her the opportunity to go to the bathroom. She stood there pacing from foot to foot trying to take her mind off of her bladder but there wasn't much going on in the lobby that was helping with that. Seeing men and women going in and out of the bathroom certainly wasn't making it any easier the fact that she couldn't leave her post.

Jill continued to check her watch every few seconds and now she realized it had already been 10 minutes and Leah still wasn't back with the train tickets.

"Why does it take so long just to buy some damn train tickets!" Jill said as she crossed and uncrossed her legs. Now she was getting positively frantic. She didn't realize until just that moment just how badly she had to go, she could barely think about anything else. She would have given anything just to have a distraction, any trivial thing that could take her mind off of the exploding fullness of her bladder, but as she looked around she didn't see any signs of anything that would help to distract her from her imminent bladder emergency.

That was when she saw a little girl at the water fountain getting a drink. The sound of the water dripping from the fountain was driving Jill even more frantic and she wanted to shout at that girl to please turn off the fountain, but she didn't want to seem like a raving lunatic in public, so she just continued trying her best not to think about it. But why was that water so loud? It was one of those metal water fountains where the arc of the water came up really high and then sort of made a pitter patter noise on the metal below when she could hear it loudly from across the room.

Finally the girl was done getting her drink but it seemed like she had gotten the water fountain stuck such that it continued sputtering water after she left.

"No, come on," Jill said as she once again crossed and uncrossed her legs. She felt like running over there and trying to turn off the water fountain but she knew that she couldn't leave the bags for even a moment. She thought maybe she could drag the bags over there, but there were too many for her to bring all of them over at once. There were so many bags that he needed two people to carry them all at once, and she knew that Leah would kill her if she left her bags unguarded like that.

To add insult to injury Jill saw the little girl was skipping off merrily to the ladies room and she so wanted to follow her. She also realized that watching the water fountain was making her thirsty but she didn't want to drink anymore because she already had to pee extremely bad and she didn't want to make the situation worse, not that it could be much worse, she thought to herself as she shifted in place and started patting her knees with her hands in nervous agitation.

"Mommy mommy I have to pee," a little boy said as he dragged his mom along by the hand.

"Yes yes we all have to go to the bathroom," the woman said sort of walking funny like she was desperate as well. "Use the little boys room but hurry up because mommy also has to go to the bathroom!"

The boy ran off into the men's room as the mother stood over right next to Jill also with her legs crossed.

"Boys, they always get priority when it comes to relieving themselves," the mother said rolling her eyes. "I would use the ladies room right now but I want to make sure he comes out safely and then make sure he accompanies me to the ladies room. I just didn't want to have him wait on the line for the ladies room because it seems like he was in an emergency and I wouldn't want him to have an accident."

"Tell me about it," Jill said as she stood there with her legs crossed looking to the woman next to her and they both sort of nodded in acknowledgment of the fact that it always seemed to be a woman's lot in life to have to wait just to gain relief.

"Are you waiting for your child as well?"

Jill shook her head. "No I am watching the bags here for my friend as she goes and gets our train tickets. I just really really wish I had used the bathroom before that because I have to go really really bad."

The two women nodded and stood there with their legs crossed and soon they both started whistling to themselves. Jill crossed and uncrossed her legs as the other woman did likewise and they couldn't help but smile and laugh about that, although it wasn't totally funny because Jill could feel her bladder aching.

"It seems your son is taking an awfully long time to relieve himself," Jill said tapping her foot impatiently.

"He doesn't seem to understand that mommy is waiting and that mommy really needs to go as well," the woman said as she sort of swayed in place.

"Yeah that's the way all guys seem to be, even at that age, they are totally inconsiderate to the fact that we have to go to the bathroom too, and that we can't just wait and wait and wait forever," Jill said as she laughed nervously as the other woman did likewise. Jill could tell from the look on her face that she was going out of her mind as much as she was, but she thought it was kind of nice, there was that moment of solidarity, that moment of understanding between two women at their mutual discomfort that they both had to endure equally, that they were both stuck in the same lousy situation with no escape.

"Yeah it seems like we never get to go to the bathroom," the other woman said as the boy came out of the bathroom.

"Hi mommy I'm out of the bathroom –" the boy said as he approached as the woman grabbed him by the hand.

"Come on let's go, mommy has to pee!" the woman said as she grabbed her boy's hand and started running towards the ladies room like she was running a marathon with ants in her pants and a rocket up her ass or something.

The woman got on line for the ladies room with her son and looked over in Jill's direction and shrugged her shoulders like, there's a line as usual, so Jill just nodded and shrugged her shoulders back, still kind of annoyed that the fact that the woman was actually at least in line for the bathroom, as she looked at her watch to realize that she had less than 10 minutes left and that Leah still wasn't back yet.

Watching the other women getting in line for and eventually using the ladies room was like being a starving person and having to watch other people eat while you were trying to diet. It was in excruciating scene to have to watch and to have to witness in that desperate state that she was in.

Now Jill couldn't help but pace back and forth in front of the luggage looking frantically at the ladies room and seeing that the mother had disappeared into the inside of the ladies room already so as long as it wasn't too crowded inside her relief was likely imminent,.

"Maybe if I just walked away for one second or just ran into the men's room or something like that," Jill said before she realized there was a security guard or a police officer or something like that standing outside the men's room and realized that that wasn't an option. She thought about asking the police officer to guard her things but how did she know she could trust him either?

Jill continued dancing in place, the sound of that water fountain driving her completely out of her mind. She felt like walking away just for a second to run and turn off the water fountain but she knew that she couldn't abandon her post. She started to wonder if those British guards ever experienced something like this, where they had to stand there in place even when their bladders were about to explode for however long that happens to be for.

Finally that woman and her boy came out of the ladies room with her with a big smile on her face.

"Find everything okay," Jill said gritting her teeth and trying not to sound sarcastic and annoyed at the fact that she got to go to the bathroom. "Everything better now?"

"Oh my God yes," the mother said with a big smile that Jill felt almost like looked like it those though she were cocky or something, like she was sort of flaunting the fact that she got to go to the bathroom. "I didn't realize how badly I had to go, you ever been in that situation where you didn't think you had to go that bad and then as soon as you stand up it's like, whoa I really should have gotten to a bathroom way sooner!"

Jill wanted to bite the inside of her cheek but she just smiled and nodded politely. "Yes I think I can kind of relate to that feeling."

The woman smiled and nodded at Jill as Jill nodded and smiled back. There was an awkward silence as the two of them stood there, both of them not knowing exactly what to say. Jill knew that the woman knew that she had to go to the bathroom, and likewise she knew that the woman knew that she didn't get to go to the bathroom. Jill likewise knew that that woman got to go to the bathroom and that she was feeling a lot more comfortable right now. They both knew the score but neither of them were going to say it.

"Wow it seems like your friend has been gone for quite a while," the mother said sort of laughing nervously but also sort of smirking.

"Yes she has," Jill said trying not to raise her voice too loudly when all of the sudden she saw Leah running towards her. "Oh my God where were you, what took you so long?!"

Jill practically wanted to slap her.

"Sorry there was a long line to get our train tickets and everything like that, also I had to stop to use the bathroom, which luckily was over by where the train tickets were there wasn't much of a line. I didn't realize just how badly I had to go, but wow did I have to go! You know that feeling after you have been sitting for a long time and then you get up and suddenly it's like, whoa I really have to go?"

"Speaking of which now that you are here," Jill said as she started walking towards the ladies room.

"Where are you going Jill ,we have to catch the train, we have to basically make a run for it," Leah said with a laugh.

"But I really –" Jill said pointing to the ladies room practically in tears as Leah shook her head indicating that that wasn't a possibility, and she could see that the mother and her boy were standing there next to Leah sort of nodding in agreement, which although she probably wasn't intending it specifically like that Jill couldn't help but thought came across as rather cocky.

Jill and Leah picked up their luggage and started making a run for the train as the mother and her child went along with them. Jill couldn't help but hop from foot to foot as she stood there with the luggage and she couldn't help but notice that the mother and her child and Leah all looked a whole lot more relaxed.

Luckily they managed to get on the train in time and threw their luggage on board and took their seats. As Jill sat there with her legs crossed between Leah and the mother from the train station, both sitting down and looking really relaxed, she couldn't help but look back and forth between them and feel that she was caught in a really tight place. She was sitting between them, she knew that they both got to go to the bathroom, they knew that they got to go to the bathroom, and Jill knew that they both probably knew that if they mentioned anything about it she would probably scream as she was giving them the stare down that said don't say a word.

Finally the woman's son who was sitting across from them sort of sat down looking really uncomfortable staring directly at Jill before scratching his head.

"Is something the matter Jeremy?" the boy's mother asked.

Jill was trying to sit still as she could tell that the boy was staring directly at her and that was making her feel really awkward, as she knew that they had a good 45 minutes until they reached their next destination, and she was just hoping desperately that her bladder would hold out that long.

"You know I really have to pee still," the boy said.

Jill took a deep breath because it was all she could do not to let out a scream and shout shut up at the top of her lungs, so she simply crossed her legs tightly, gave the boy an ugly stare and looked at her watch and whimpered and pouted.

That was the last time she ever watched anyone's luggage she thought to herself, unless that luggage had a toilet inside!

