030 - The Other End of the Line

Author: DerivativeWings

*000*2023-06-09 23:39

This is a direct continuation of my 030 series, which you can start reading here

.

The Other End of the Line

“You’re listening to the National FM radio, bringing you the latest in news, music and more.”

The radio channel played out its little jingle and singsong “Na-tio-nal F-M, ra-di-oh!” before transitioning into some generic top hits. Just background noise for Alyne’s ride home, though. She had other things on her mind, and was nursing a bit of a pee-baby to boot.

The skin around her midsection felt bruised and tender, her skirt was clearly too tight around her angry bladder but there wasn’t really any good way to adjust it in the car. If only her lousy coworker hadn’t been tardy she would be home sitting on the toilet and pissing her brains out by now. At least she’d gotten on the road with no delays, traffic was occasionally terrible around her workplace for one reason or another. As long as there weren’t any delays getting into town, Alyne would be back home in fifteen minutes. Finally.

There was no question if Alyne would make it home, of course. Even if there was traffic trouble down the road, Alyne would make it. She was no stranger to full bladders. Well, obviously she wasn’t given her line of work. But she was also quite used to holding it herself, and she could hold on until she was very full indeed. Her long Friday shifts often left her bursting, though she had to admit she was a little extra desperate today. But there had been other times in her life when her holding ability had been pushed even further than it was right now, and she had always persevered. So she would definitely make it to the toilet, surely. That didn’t make the drive any less excruciating though, and Alyne was almost ready to get out of her seat and start running when she made it to the parking area outside her apartment complex.

She didn’t, though. Getting to the toilet half a minute or so earlier wasn’t going to make a critical difference all things considered, and Alyne had to maintain some kind of dignity and composure around her neighbors. As Alyne is getting out of her car and starting to head towards the entrance, a second car drives into the parking area. Rather than finding a parking space, the car drops of a passenger outside the exterior entrance Alyne is heading towards – a woman, and even from a distance Alyne can tell the woman is unsubtly pee dancing as she rushes inside. She scoffs, but picks up her pace a little. It’s cold after all.

Inside the apartment complex, Alyne catches up to the other woman who is currently waiting for the elevator to arrive in a fairly distressed state. The woman is stepping in place, which is causing quite a bit of noise with her heels in the hard stone floor. As Alyne gets closer, she realizes the lady is whimpering and whining too. No doubt she is quite desperate, but this is a pitiful display. At least both Alyne and the woman were close to a toilet now, presumably. The fact that the woman had called the elevator before Alyne even entered suited her just fine, as she’d get to her sixth floor apartment a little quicker this way.

Alyne strolls up next to the woman to get into the elevator, though she tries to keep her distance. She’s hardly in the mood to strike up a conversation, and given the state of things it doesn’t seem like it would be a good idea even if she was. It’s possible Alyne could benefit from the distraction, her bladder is making her very uncomfortable and she doesn’t have anything else to occupy her mind with, but the other woman seemed far past that point. Alyne wasn’t even sure if the woman knew she was there, and in fact might get spooked and wet herself on the spot if Alyne did anything like that.

@@There’s a satisfying “ding” sound and the elevators doors pull apart. “Oh no oh crap finally…” The woman mutters something under her breath. Alyne doesn’t say anything but she feels much the same, she was now minutes away from getting inside her apartment. She was going to try to appear inconspicuous until she made it inside, but after that point she could do whatever she wanted to. Rush for her bathroom, grab herself, squirm and dance to her heart’s content… Once she was within the barriers of her home she could even wet herself without running afoul of the law. Not that she ever would of course, she hadn’t reached her limit yet and even if she had she’d still try her best to make it all the way. Obviously. It was just, well, knowing you could pee yourself if you really, truly had to and not get in trouble for it was a rare thing. Most people could probably recount some personal experience where they had been desperate to pee with no toilet in sight, though Alyne encountered such stories every single day through her work. What’s more, giving out those rare opportunities for people to pee outside of a toilet when there was truly no other alternatives was part of that work. It made her more aware of such things, perhaps.

She thought about this as she got onto the elevator – anything to occupy her mind with something other than her bladder. Which – jeez – it really was about to explode. It was just getting unbearably full, Alyne was thankfully not leaking or anything but it was really hurting her stomach. Her skirt, even her panties, were digging into her tender skin while the angry rock inside her pulsed painfully whenever she walked.

The woman hurriedly pushes the button – floor eight. She’s still in a full-on potty dance and some very naughty fingers seem to be on their way sneaking inside her skirt. Alyne doesn’t let her eyes wander too far. Given how desperate the woman seems, Alyne briefly considers letting her exit first. But no, that’s silly. Alyne’s exit wouldn’t add more than a few seconds and besides she was plenty desperate herself even if it didn’t show as much. “I’m going to floor six, would you mind pressing that as well?”

“I-I, well I… Yes, of course…!” The woman does as she’s told, though the worry and tension in her voice is unmistakable. Alyne feels a little like a villainess but anything searing hot pulse from her engorged organ puts her back on track. Besides, there was no way a second or two was going to make or break it for this lady. As the elevator starts moving, Alyne’s bladder once again signals its displeasure with its current state. She really was coming home just in time, this-

The elevator suddenly stops moving. It’s so abrupt and unremarkable that Alyne barely registers what has happened. The woman shudders. “W-why, what is…? Oh, no, no, no…” She works the controls again, to no avail.

“Wait, are we stuck?” Alyne hears herself say it, and only then does the realization come. She really, really didn’t want to be stuck. She wanted to get home, sit on her toilet and blast it with a veritable water jet cutter. If they were really stuck in the elevator… God, no, don’t let that be true.

The woman is pushing the button over and over again. Alyne tries to ask again. “Hey, are we…” No reply. Instead, the lady gasps urgently and pushes up her skirt so she can grasp herself with both hands between her legs. Alyne’s getting a full display of the woman’s sky blue panties and she’s swaying her ass back and forth to boot. She averts her gaze and kills any thoughts she was having about the woman’s surprisingly large butt in comparison to the rest of her frame. Alyne was almost a little jealou- Kill.

“All right. I guess we’re stuck.” Alyne hated this reality. Her bladder was so full that she was feeling a sensation like a rock pushing against her navel. “It’s obvious you need to use a bathroom, badly.” No use beating around the bush, and her elevator-mate might as well have been screaming it from the rooftops. “I’ll call someone in charge of maintenance, and they’ll come fix this.” Quickly, Alyne hoped. “Meanwhile, try to hold it in as best you can. I can turn around if you need privacy for holding it.”

The woman turns to face Alyne, hands still glued to her crotch. “But I…! I seriously, I’m going to p-pee myself any minute now! I-I’ll call the 030. I’m so sorry. I-I-I really can’t wait.”

Alyne makes a disgusted face, though the lady isn’t looking at her right now. Alyne certainly wasn’t about to tell her elevator companion about her own job. It’s not like it would help this situation much anyway. On top of her frustrations throughout the day and her unbearably full bladder, the woman sharing her elevator-prison apparently wanted to pee on the floor.

The woman dials the number while stepping in place and breathing heavily. A few seconds pass. Then, Alyne can faintly make out “You are number… Sixty-eight… in the queue. Please hold until we can take your call.” and eventually “Calls to the 030 may be recorded for training purposes. Any personal information will be omitted.”, before it loops back to the queue again. Alyne recalls the massive telephone queue she was working through before handing the reins over to her coworker. There were other people manning the station, of course, but sixty-eight calls was still going to take a while to get through.

“Oh noo..” The woman desperately mutters under her breath as she realizes the amount of people ahead of her. At least Alyne didn’t have any obligation to humor the woman with conversation while she waited. Regardless. She had a call of her own to make – getting whoever was in charge of elevator maintenance to come get them out ASAP.

Alyne gets out her phone and checks her contact list. She has a number listed under CLEANING. That might not be the right one to call, and Alyne really didn’t want to get it wrong. Seeing she still had a connection- actually, never mind. Alyne interrupts her train of thought, she should probably check the elevator interior before anything else. She can vaguely recall there being some kind of emergency button – the kind of thing you see every day but never actually think about. She checks past the squirming woman on the phone, “…Sixty-five…” and sure enough, there is a button labeled IN EMERGENCY PUSH, as well as a small label to the side with a phone number and the word TECHNICIAN.

Alyne moves towards the elevator buttons. “I’m pressing the emergency button. Skooch.” The woman awkwardly complies, her legs are twisted into a pretzel. There’s a beep, then a click. A tinny woman’s voice comes through. “Hi, this is the Lafton Security Operations Center, is there a problem?”

“Yeah, we’re stuck inside an elevator. Me and one other person.”

“I see. Are you in peril?”

“We’re not in any immediate danger, but-”

The woman in the back gasps “I can’t take it hurry hurry hurry!” as her phone drones on.

“-the one I’m with is in severe need of a toilet. I need a toilet, too.”

“You are calling from 9th Fortitude Street, is that right?”

“Yeah… Yeah. We’re somewhere between the first and sixth floors.”

“All right. Help is on the way, and will arrive as quickly as possible. There is a safety hatch at the top of the elevator if you need to get out before that.”

“Er…” Alyne bites her lip while looking at the outline of the hatch. It was way too high up for either her or her companion to reach without climbing. “Do you think you could give an estimate for how long it will take until we are rescued?”

There is a brief pause. “In situations like this I am not allowed to give an estimate, legally. Sorry.” The woman clears her throat. “But help will arrive as soon as possible. Oh!, um. If it seems like you or anyone else is at a risk of publicly urinating due to a severe need to pee, you have to-”

“She’s already called the oh-three-oh, she’s in queue right now.”

“Ah. Yes. Well, help is on the way so just hold tight for a little longer, all right?”

“Yeah. Thanks.” There is a click as the call ends. Damn. Alyne wishes she had a phone receiver to slam into something. Lots of companies used legal loopholes to push liability onto their customers, though this was the first time Alyne was the one on the receiving end of it. Well. She looks back to the squirming woman. “You are number… Fifty-six… in the queue.” God, her bladder was so stupidly full right now. And the woman she was with was practically a ticking time bomb, Alyne wasn’t entirely confident she could handle it if her fellow prisoner wet herself or urinated on the floor.

Over the next couple of minutes, the queue ticked down to forty-five, then forty-two while the woman squirmed pitifully. Hopefully, Alyne thought, help would arrive before the woman even reached a 030 operator. Or maybe the lift would start moving again. Undoubtedly that would be the best outcome for both of them. Alyne, bored and in dire need of a distraction, tries to get a better read on her fellow elevator passenger. Just thinking of her as “the woman” was getting a little tiresome, though this was hardly the time for introductions. She had brown-blonde hair in a short braid and was dressed like an office worker. Maybe she had been on her way home just like Alyne? She had gotten a ride so maybe her own car was out of commission, or maybe she just carpooled with a friend or coworker. Alyne quickly decides to look away and give the blonde woman some meagre privacy though. The open pee desperation on display had just gotten too shameless.

More time passes. Alyne normally had a lot of confidence in her bladder, but… Well, she was getting legitimately worried. Very worried. Her bladder was always full to bursting when she came home from her Thursday shift, but this was something else. Her kidneys had been pumping liquid into that already overfull Thursday bladder at an absolutely merciless rate ever since she left work. Maybe she’d had too much water at work during the last bit of her shift to keep her throat from going dry? A coffee too many? She almost wishes she’d used the toilet at work before leaving but… People didn’t pee at work unless they had no other choice. A spasm of white-hot pain from her midsection breaks her line of thought, causing Alyne to flinch and yelp. The droning automated voice covers the sound, luckily “…number… twenty-one… in the queue.”

The woman seizes up. She is desperately trying to reach inside her tight skirt to hold herself, but there is no way for her to do so without causing it to ride up above her hips. Her eyes are watering, and her gazes flits across the room, desperate for a way out. A wild animal. Dire straits. She has started crying, gasping for air. Then, it all happens in an instant. The woman lets something between a moan, sob and gasp slip. She pushes her pencil skirt up around her hips and simultaneously rips the crotch of her leggings aside and squats down. Her phone, still droning on, drops to the floor.

“No!” The woman freezes as she looks up at Alyne, tears in her eyes. “B-b-but I…! I can’t, I can’t, I’m sorry!” The woman’s legs are shaking and Alyne thinks she can make out a tiny stream soaking into her pantyhose.

“Listen to me. No matter how badly you need to, you have to hold on.”

“But I-I can’t control it anymore! I have to pee so badly and it hurts so much that I just can’t take it! Please!”

Alyne needed to keep talking. “Look at me. Listen. You are going to get into legal trouble if you do this. Lots of trouble. You have to put your clothes back in order. Get back up.”

“I-I, it’s not my fault! Please! I can’t-” The woman was still squatting in the elevator, liquid inches away from exiting her body. She is rapidly shifting her legs around and practically groping herself in an effort to keep herself from starting.

“It’s better if you have your clothes on, legally speaking. Come on, get up.”

“W-wha, why…? B-but I…” Alyne was trying to avoid using expressions like “wetting yourself” where possible, but it was hard to get the message across that way.

“If you, if you let go on the floor like this, that’s really bad. Especially when you haven’t even reached the 030 yet.”

“R-really…? But then…”

“It’s better if you have your clothes on if you… do it. So get those on first.”

The woman looks up towards Alyne. She’s biting her lip while begging with her eyes. She needs permission. Alyne looks down at her sternly. The woman lowers her gaze, whimpering. Then she readjusts her leggings and underwear. It’s a strenuous process. She gets up, shaking.

“I-I-I, even like this, I’m going to wet myself. I-I’m going to pee now…!”

“No. You have to keep holding on. It’s good that you put your clothes back on, but help will arrive soon. Hold. On.”

“But I, you d-don’t understand! It’s not under my control! Please, I have to-”

“You are number… five… in the queue. Calls to the 030 may be recorded for training purposes. Any personal information will be omitted.”

The woman freezes up, uncertain of what to do. Alyne is poised to take advantage of the opportunity. “You- ugh-” Her bladder pulses and burns, stretching further against her skin than it ever should. She ignores it. “-you have to hold on until you reach the 030. I’ll take the call.”

The woman sniffles, but makes a gesture with her head that might have been a nod.

“You are number… three… in the queue. Calls to the 030 may be recorded for training purposes. Any personal information will be omitted.”

Alyne clenches her fist. The phone is on the floor. She has to pick it up before the call forwards to a 030 agent, but… Bending down is really, really bad right now. She can’t afford to put that much pressure on her own exploding bladder. It hurts too much already, she could wet herself on the spot if she did that.

Alyne awkwardly steps toward the chattering phone, then squats down in front of it. It beats bending over, but it’s still a very dangerous pose. She feels much more open and exposed, on a physical level. Her legs are forced apart slightly now, and her belly feels like it’s being squeezed. She reaches for the phone and-

“-Guh…!”

Not like that. Extending her arm ahead of her put too much extra pressure on her bladder. She filches and retracts, but then-

Phsst!

A half-second stream comes out of her, totally involuntarily. It’s as strong as any she’s ever let out in her toilet at home after coming home from work. Alyne instinctively tries to grab herself and apply pressure directly but her skirt and pose prevents her.

Shht!

Another leak! This was really, really bad. Alyne scoots forty-five degrees to the side and…

“You are number… one… in the queue. Your call will be redirected shortly.”

…She snatches the phone with one hand, stands up and crosses her thighs while jamming the other hand between them.

”You’ve reached Oh-Three-Oh, the Public Urination Prevention helpline. How can I help you?”

*005*2023-06-11 13:07

{{On 6/10/2023 at 2:08 PM, KnightofStars said:

Wiiiiiiings!!! I’m so glad to see more 030 content! Super excited to see how this plays out. Though I must admit, as obvious from the ending of the first one as it was, I liked Alyne a little too much and didn’t want to see her have to suffer like this on the way home. I’m hoping she just ends up with a close call and doesn’t end up wetting herself. But besides that, great written desperation as always, you can definitely imagine both of them very clearly struggling and squirming for relief.

}}

Alyne's ending is the only part of the story that I still haven't fully decided on yet. I'm betting on the fact that it will come to me as I write the second part of the story, haha. Let's find out together, I suppose!

*006*2023-06-21 00:16

The Other End of the Line - Part Two

”You’ve reached Oh-Three-Oh, the Public Urination Prevention helpline. How can I help you?”

The voice wasn’t anyone Alyne recognized. That was something, at least. Maybe, hopefully, they wouldn’t know her either.

“S-so, well, we’re stuck in an elevator…” She is bouncing on the spot, trying to prevent another leak.

“And, er, I assume someone needs to, urinate?”

"Y-yeah. There is a woman with me and she's very desperate."

"How long have you been stuck for?"

Alyne was quickly growing more irate. The agent was inefficient, asking questions in the wrong order. Whoever it was, was probably fairly new to the job.

“We both live in this building, and both of us entered the elevator already desperate to pee. I have reason to believe she will wet herself very soon.” If nothing else, it was trivially easy for Alyne to steer the conversation in the right direction.

“Got it. Do you know if she has a receipt of relief for the last time she urinated?”

“I’ll ask.” Alyne glances towards her elevator-mate, who seems to be in a fugue state. Alyne pauses for a moment. What she was doing right now with the call, she was essentially giving the woman permission to pee on the floor. And if she did, well, that was going to be hell on her own bladder. It felt like concrete in her belly. She bites her lip, there was something very unfair about this situation. Still, it seemed the woman was going to pee soon regardless of what Alyne did, so setting up things with the 030 would be doing a good deed. Maybe if Alyne turned around and covered her ears while it happened it wouldn’t be so bad. Maybe.

“I’m gonna pee I’m gonna pee…” The woman’s head is slumped forward far enough that Alyne wouldn’t be able to see the woman’s face if not for her braid. She’s muttering to herself, completely caught in ego-destroying pee desperation. There were only primal desires in her world now, a crippling need for relief balanced by the fear of consequences. Alyne needed to break that spell, but if she wasn’t careful…

“Hey, so…” There is no response, just more frantic muttering. The woman’s pencil skirt is hiked up to accommodate her grasping hands, applying force directly to naked flesh. The woman had gotten her clothes back on after Alyne commanded her to, but they still weren’t really on. Alyne tries to look somewhere else, there were things on display down there she shouldn’t be seeing. Even looking a the woman’s face seemed like a transgression, she was a flush mess, anguished, crying badly from pain and effort.

She takes a big risk, and puts her hand on the woman’s shoulder. Alyne can feel her shallow breathing, her trembles. She’s like a dinner plate caught in midair, a second away from shattering. She looks up towards Alyne, those eyes begging her once more.

“Please…” A whisper.

“The 030 people need your receipt of relief. Do you have it?”

“I can’t…”

“You can. Your receipt of relief, where is it?”

“My, my bag… I have to, have to pee…! It hurts…”

Alyne glances towards the bag on the floor. A small backpack of sorts. It lies there discarded, tossed aside when the woman squatted down minutes prior. She swallows. Squatting down, rummaging through the bag for the receipt when she didn’t even know where it was, Alyne wasn’t even sure if she could take that. Just picking up the phone from the floor had almost caused her to wet herself – she was in an exceptionally bad state.

“I don’t know where the receipt is, you need to-”

The woman yelps. “Please…! Please, I’m so close I, if I move I’ll wet myself!”

“No, you have to do it. I won’t be able to find it in your bag quickly enough.”

“I can’t! I can’t, I can’t! It’s in the front compartment… Please, oh please, i-it’s already coming out…”

There were those begging tearful eyes again. Fine. It was a godawful idea, but fine. She’d get the papers. Alyne drops into a squat and puts the phone down on the floor beside her as she gets to work, trying to ignore the massive pressure building inside her own body. The phone hits the floor a little less gently than she intended, startling her. The woman above is breathing heavily as Alyne rummages through the backpack. There are clothes, an opened candy bag, empty bottle. Where is that damn receipt?

Suddenly, there is a sharp inhale above her. The woman makes a sound like a panicked animal and mutters “sorry, I’m sorry…” under her breath. And the torrent begins, shooting out a little above and to the side of Alyne and hitting the floor next to her.

Alyne feels her own walls start to crumble, fast. She wants to run away, go to the corner and face the other way, cover her ears. But she can’t. Her hands are glued to her crotch, and she’s lost her balance and fallen backwards sitting uselessly with her ass on the floor. She can’t get up, she tries to drag herself backwards a little but the pain in her bladder keeps her locked in place.

“Ah, ah, no, ahh,!” The woman is weeping and moaning from the pleasure, while fruitlessly trying to stop the flow. Alyne can see it, looking up. The stream shooting out directly from the woman’s exposed pussy, underwear aside. It comes out fast, hard, angled forward but with almost no arc before it hits the floor. The phone, once again dropped on the floor, lay dangerously close to where the stream water hitting. It would be floating in a puddle very soon. Little droplets are hitting Alyne’s lower leg, warm water splashing against her stockings. For all intents and purposes, the woman was peeing in the elevator. Not wetting herself, peeing. Alyne had the completely unobstructed, front seat view of a woman pissing her brains out when she oh so badly wanted to do the same.

@@Alyne tries to get up again, but she just couldn’t. The pressure, pain, need, none of those were new. But seeing, hearing and feeling this woman pee, it introduced something else. An urgency that wasn’t there before, like her body was now trying its very best to make her join in peeing ASAP. It was unbearably hard to make herself stop, it felt like she had already started peeing and had to perpetually cut off the stream. The woman’s jet blast just would not stop, either it kept coming and coming without slowing down. Finally, Alyne is able to crawl backwards just far enough to get out of the splash zone, just as the puddle is about to reach her and soak her skirt. Both hands buried between her thighs is still mandatory though, and as a result she has no way to cover her ears to block up the sound and she still can’t get back up on her feet. She tries to look away, close her eyes, but the image of the woman’s clean-shaved private parts releasing a waterfall’s worth of pee had already been burned into her mind. There was no escape.

The woman kept peeing and peeing and peeing for what felt like forever, and Alyne’s urge was getting worse and worse. It had been critical before but now it was somehow worse than unbearable. The fact that she hadn’t leaked once during this spectacle was almost unbelievable, but she was somehow keeping dry. It came at a rapidly escalating physical and mental toll though, and if it was possible to reach a state of temporary insanity from pee desperation Alyne was getting there.

Alyne knew the woman had to stop peeing eventually. That’s just how the human body worked, it wasn’t possible to pee forever. She knew that, and yet her body and mind were getting battered and beaten to the point that she couldn’t even be fully sure of that fact anymore. Fear was starting to claim her, as the woman was taking an archpiss of the apocalypse in front of her. Nothing about her need had been feigned, and with no cloth to obstruct or soak up the pee, it was all gathering in an ever-expanding puddle. The strong stream drummed against the metal floor, creating waves and ripples in the elevator-lake. Alyne had reached the corner wall, and she knew above all else that the puddle could never be allowed to touch her legs, or any part of her. That would be too, too much.

Finally, finally, the woman stopped peeing. She looked… well, there was no other way to say it. She looked as though she had just experienced the greatest pleasure in her life. She was panting, still letting out the errant drip to add to her voluminous floor-puddle. Anyone retaining that much liquid would be desperate out of their mind, but despite this impressive capacity, Alyne somehow felt sure there was even more inside her own bladder. She felt all of it too as she shakily rose to her feet, the fact that the floor was no longer being sprayed helped bring her back to some semblance of sanity but the pressure was immense. She needed to pee so badly she was starting to consider the unthinkable. She wouldn’t and couldn’t wet herself, but… She looked at the soaked phone on the floor, still on dial to the 030.

Wordlessly, the other woman follows Alyne’s gaze, bends down and picks up the pee-covered phone. “H-Hey.” Her voice sounds defeated as she returns to the call. “I wet myself… I-I’m really sorry… I was so desperate I just c-couldn’t take it at all. I tried, I really really tried. Please…” Her confession of guilt spills out of her all at once. Alyne stops paying much attention to the call, redoubling her own efforts to hold it in now that she was on her feet again. Clearly, the woman needed to get her story over to the 030. Obviously it would have been much better for her if she could have held back just a little longer, but an understanding 030 agent could do a lot to improve her situation. Alyne did hope the woman was able to come out of this situation relatively unscathed, even if she couldn’t quite help but resent the relief she had gotten while Alyne herself was denied anything like that.

The woman is now searching her bag. The bag itself had not been spared from the puddle, and the bottom drips as the woman rummages. Alyne has to look away, as seeing and hearing the falling water brought her mind back to a minute prior. She was also reminded of something else, something equally terrible. Alyne did not have her receipt of relief with her. It was back in her car, useless to her. Even if she were to give in and plead with the 030 after the woman, there was nothing they could do for her. The absolute best she could hope for was wetting mitigation and even that risked being a black mark on her record. Alyne stifles a sob. It just wasn’t fair. She was supposed to have peed hours ago, her bladder was never supposed to have gotten this full.

“Hey…” Alyne doesn’t realize the woman is speaking with her at first. “Hey… I don’t know your name, but…”

Alyne looks up, hoping she doesn’t look too distraught. “Y-yes?”

“They’re asking if you want to talk, if, er, if you can’t hold it anymore?”

Alyne gulps. She couldn’t hold it anymore, she really couldn’t. She was undeniably holding it right now, but this was already past the point where any sane person would say “I can’t hold it anymore.” even if they weren’t literally peeing their pants in that very second. Her bladder was in so much pain, the pressure was so bad in so many places, the need was so bad, she was going to explode if she didn’t get to pee.

Alyne swallows again. It’s hard. She’s trying not to cry. “I’ll… I can still hold it.” She’s trying to look stoic, but whatever face she is making is probably not that.

“Are you-”

“Yes. Tell them that.”

“A-all right. If you say so.” The woman returns to the call. “She, she says she’ll hold it in until the elevator is fixed.” And just like that, the call is over. The woman gets busy wrapping wiping herself up as best she can and bundling her phone in some tissue to help it dry.

Would she be able to hold it until the elevator started moving again? Even with how desperate she was, it still hurt her pride to admit to answer might genuinely be no. The fact that she was no longer on the floor witnessing the peeing of a lifetime did help – but her bladder was genuinely beyond max capacity at this point. And she had no idea when she would finally get any kind of relief.

And then, it was only the wait. Alyne no longer had anything to occupy her mind with, no phone calls, no elevator support, no desperate woman, no nothing. Just waiting for an indeterminate amount of time, as even more unbearable liquid was added her overfull and overpressure piss organ over time. Her pee desperation had reached absurd, pornographic levels. She thought she would do literally anything if it meant getting a toilet this instant, but there was no “anything” she could do. All the avenues of relief were shut from her, other than this harrowing wait.

She was, just as her elevator-made had been before, practically fingering herself to keep everything sealed up. All of her pride and shame had been shattered after the front-seat pee show she had just been exposed to, the only thing that remained was staying dry. And to Alyne’s credit, miraculously, her bladder had not let a single drop go since then. Her leaks from when she first squatted down had not left any major damage on her clothes, and her panties were mostly dry at this point. However, this also meant her bladder hadn’t been given even an ounce of relief for this entire time. The physical toll was becoming extreme, to the point where the pressure from inside her bladder was becoming greater than the pressure she could even apply from the outside. She feels a dull, overwhelming pain below her navel. It travels downwards, almost like it’s trying to escape along with her urine. Alyne arches her back in recoil but can’t commit to the motion fully due to her stretched-out stomach.

This was it. This really, really was it. Alyne had finally reached her physical limit. Given what she had endured, it felt too unfair. But there was no way. Regardless of what Alyne did, she was going to pee soon.

“C-call… 030…! I can’t, I can’t take it anymore…!” She was barely even in control of what she was saying anymore. She would say or do anything if it could give her relief right now. A call to the 030 was probably not going to do anything, but it was the only thing Alyne could think of that could possibly help her now.

“Of course! I’ll do it now.” The woman fishes her phone out of a bundle of tissues inside her bag and dials the number.

“You are number… Sixty-eight… in the queue. Please hold until we can take your call.” Alyne finally breaks. A slow stream begins, escaping through her and past her trembling fingers. It seeps into her panties, soaking them slowly. She sobs, shudders. She was still holding it, in a sense. This slow defeat was the best and only thing she could muster at the moment, “not peeing” simply wasn’t an option anymore. The only alternatives were this, or full blast urination. Droplets are running down her leggings now, one at a time, drawing straight streaks of wetness.

It’s hopeless. The phone drones on while the woman looks at Alyne with equal amounts concern and understanding. The pressure inside her bladder wasn’t even decreasing with these pathetic leaks, if anything it was getting worse. She may very well be hitting a point where she would be rendered unable to do anything other than pee full force very, very soon. Maybe she should just squat and get it over with already. Her bladder had already been hurting her so badly and for so long. It still felt like diamond against her skin. Surely, she had done everything in her might to-

SLAM!

With a rumble and a grind, the elevator jumps into motion. Going up. Alyne gasps and is somehow able to stop peeing. Maybe her bladder had now depressurized just barely enough to let her hold on, or maybe it was a matter of renewed willpower. Regardless, Alyne was no longer leaking despite her sickeningly full bladder. She was gritting her teeth, pushing her legs together almost to the point of a cramp, and her hands hadn’t left her crotch for what felt like hours now. Her panties were thoroughly dampened from her continuous leaking, but that was nothing more than a single drop compared to the veritable ocean still inside of her.

Hurry, open, pee now, hurry, up, come on, pee, gotta pee pee pee, pee pee! Alyne’s thoughts were becoming a jumble, all blending together. In reality, nothing had really changed from when Alyne was full-on wetting herself mere seconds ago. She was now pulling on reserves of willpower she shouldn’t even be able to access, only because she knew she would get to pee soon, soon hurry, open, toilet, toilet pee piss, pee pee pee pee!

There is a Ding! and the elevator door slides open. Alyne stumbles outside, and only then does she realize she is on the wrong floor. Floor seven, a floor below her apartment. A floor below where her toilet is. She sobs. There are stairs.

The stairs were great and terrible. Alyne knew – she just knew that raising her leg to take the first step up the staircase would destroy her. It would part her legs just a little bit, create that crack in her defenses that would spell her end. It was a purely physical thing, parting her legs would remove the necessary obstruction, her hole would open up and she would start peeing. And there was no way she would be able to stop then, while also ascending the stairs. She throws a despairing glance backwards. Going back inside the elevator was not an option. She couldn’t do it. Alyne had made it so far, but now she was totally stuck. She wasn’t even wetting herself yet, but her toilet was kept behind an impassable obstacle, and so it didn’t even matter.

“-no time to explain, just run out and open your door. And open your door to the bathroom!” A pause. “I don’t care, do it now, it’s a matter of life and death!” Alyne can barely hear the conversation behind her, much less make sense of it. Seconds later, though, her arm is suddenly yanked by someone and she is dragged away.

“Come with me, hold it just a few seconds longer come on come on, we’re almost there. Just hold it, hold it.” Alyne is in front of a door. It’s closed. She can barely process what’s happening but has no capacity to resist it. The only thing she can do is listen to the voice and do as it tells her. Hold it. Hold it.

The door suddenly flies open. “All right, come on in th-!” The person on the inside has to stand aside as Alyne is whisked away, down a hallway and into someone’s apartment. Then, there is a second door, this one open. She’s in front of a toilet. She doesn’t even really understand how she got to this point, the porcelain is more mirage to her than real. But what she does know is that she needs to sit down on that thing and pee so very badly. She must, she has to, she can’t not, pee, pee, pee! But there’s a procedure to this, to use a toilet you have to do several things first, and in the right order. Alyne’s mind is so addled with pee desperation that she can’t even do that anymore. Her body wants to move but her bladder is weighing her down like an anchor.

“Get your leggings off.” Instructions. She can do that. She just has to listen and do what it says. It’s difficult. She leaks, once, when she has to get her hands away from down there. But she gets them off.

“Panties, now.” Panties what? “Get them off.” Same again, only no leaks this time.

“Turn around.” She does. Her foot catches on her clothes, it’s hard but she manages. But it, everything, needs to hurry. If she has to do many more things she is going to start peeing. It was getting impossible with her leaking, and with her bottom nude like this. It was going to, it was coming out! Hurry hurry hurry!

“Sit down.” She does. The porcelain felt so cool. The shivers and goosebumps all hit her bladder, it felt like a thousand little kicks and punches and it was all so tender.

It – the voice, it was leaving. “D-d-don’t leave…!” Alyne can barely get the words out of her mouth. It pauses in the door. “I’m going to give you some privacy.”

It doesn’t understand. “T-t-t-tell me, what, what I do n-next…!” She had to know.

“You can pee now.” Alyne doesn’t even wait for the sentence to end. It’s coming out of her, faster and harder than it ever had or ever will. As the woman from the elevator shuts the bathroom door, the haze is lifted from Alyne’s mind as she experiences what can only be described as an internal supernova. The release of pressure, and the pleasure that came with, were both immense. Her bladder – an iron balloon – was slowly deflating as a ridiculous volume of urine shot out of her and into the bowl.

“Ahh…! Oh, oh, ahh! Aaahhhnn…!” After Alyne vocalizes her relief once, she can’t stop herself. It glides out of her throat just as forcefully as the pee exits her body. Urine was blasting out of her so hard it almost felt like she was going to cleave the toilet in two. Alyne applies a little bit of pressure and it comes out even harder and it feels so unbelievably good. She leans forwards. “Ohh…! Ohh…!”

After a solid thirty seconds of the unmitigated Niagara Falls, Alyne finally reaches a point where she is no longer enslaved to pleasure. Her stream is a little more controlled even though it remains strong, her moans stifled when they threaten to escape. Her bladder still constricts her stomach, like she is wearing a tight belt. It still feels amazing, and it just keeps coming out. Alyne has to peek between her legs just to assure herself she isn’t filling the toilet. That was impossible, of course, but she still had to make sure. It wasn’t close to filling up, but Alyne could swear the water level had risen by a substantial amount.

It was ending. Not Alyne’s pee, though that would be coming to an end soon enough too. Rather, the pressure in Alyne’s bladder had finally gone away leaving only a dull ache. Alyne pushes gently, regaining a high-pressure stream for a few seconds. Her bladder had been aching for so very long, and it was finally allowed to pee. All the little places where Alyne had been hurting and needing for so long, her navel, her sides, just behind her pussy… It was indescribably amazing to be rid of all that.

And she keeps peeing. At this point, she is just basking in the afterglow. She almost doesn’t want it to end. She shudders as she lets out the last few drops, and sighs happily. The familiar sound of a paper print starts a little while later.

&&

Alyne remains on the toilet, happy, for a little longer. She’ll go get the receipt soon. Then she would... figure out whose apartment she was in.

*008*2023-06-22 00:08

@Biku

@@extorted me for extra details which I shall now disclose to the general omorashi populance: Alyne wears striped panties with grey stripes. It would make them stand out a lot through her leggings in an upskirt type of scenario, but her skirt is pretty tight so that's unlikely to happen.

*011*2023-06-22 14:59

{{On 6/21/2023 at 3:03 AM, pguy69 said:

Absolutely incredible. I so hope that this isn't the end of 030, it is genuinely one of the best stories I have ever read!

}}

For now at least, I think this will be the last - I don't have any additional 030 things in the works atm at least. I might do another more standard 030 scenario (possibly following another operator) but I would need to come up with a banger scenario I really want to write about first.

Glad you enjoyed it, though! When I wrote the first bit of 030 I was not expecting it to get so many entries, and I'm happy it got a big finish like this.

