The rashi-virus (Part two - The disco)

Author: desperate87

*000*2022-03-19 12:28

I publish another part of my story of the rashi- virus . Hope you enjoy.

THE RASHI-VIRUS

THE DISCO

"Wet Railway Weekend: The Day When Some Men Did Not Get to the Bathroom on the Trains in Time" Ivan was reading a small article in the newspaper in the back pages. It was the first time he'd heard of his he rashi virus in a public way, but he didn't want it to be the last. The scientist had become close friends with luca and together they now shared their passion for wetting, to the point that he wanted everyone to experience this passion sooner or later and thanks to his virus this could now be possible.

He wanted them to talk about it on TV, that there were desperate people around, that famous people got mad in front of everyone, but before creating this turmoil in someone's life he had to reduce the social embarrassment of his passion and therefore he had to circulate his virus in the general population in places and people where this would not create psychological problems, much as it had been on the train where the boys had been embarrassed but the pleasure they felt and their need had been such as to make it understood even to the others.

Luca, Ivan and the other men then had many other accidents, but the virus put them in a psychological state where this not only did not create problems for their private and working life, but with their passion they managed to transmit it already alone. with deeds and words to both men and women with whom they came into contact. Ivan called it mirror contagion where those who see then privately want to imitate, as had happened to Alberto's girlfriend, but he knew of at least 20 other people who had started their passion in secret.

The virus therefore had to continue to infect, improving the health of those who came in contact with it, and Ivan thought that at that moment the best place to take it was a famous gay nightclub. The music was loud and people were starting to come into the club, the lights were in all their glory and welcoming customers all dressed up in the latest fashion or elegant. Everyone was waiting for an evening where they could have so much fun that they could never forget it and that was exactly what Ivan was carrying with his rashi-virus.

This time he decided to infect him immediately, in order to pass it on to others. It would have been a big turning point, this time the creation of him would have reached more people in fact in the room there will have been at least 300 people at the moment crowded into a small space. In a place like this, even if no one would be saved immediately and that disco had only two bathrooms and those who entered already knew that they should keep, since they were often occupied for other amorous matters. One thing that the scientist had noticed was that he was infected and managed to reach the bathroom in time, often arrived with such enthusiasm or just intentionally ruined the toilets making it more difficult to use them later.

It had happened on trains where he had learned that some people had broken the toilets forcing others to take it on themselves, and that was what Ivan was going to do with the toilets, where he would only leave a toilet. The scientist took his handkerchief full of rashi virus and put it to his nose, infecting himself, after which he waited 30 minutes remaining at the corner near some boys who were drinking.

When the stimulus was at its maximum Ivan reached the bathroom, there was only him and in one toilet he put a gel of his own creation that made the cup fall on one side making it unusable for the evening and in the other he completely freed his cock with a long, big and pleasant piss. Finished, with a glove always of his own invention, he broke the door so that it could no longer close for the whole day, so anyone who used that toilet would have to show everything. While he was washing his hands a man entered and seeing the broken door was worried, but forced he pulled everything out and Ivan saw his member pissing, but the scientist knew that it would not be his last piss for that evening. Satisfied, Ivan returned to his place and began to enjoy the evening. The guys next to him were already starting to show the first signs.

........

Enrique suddenly began to stop dancing to stop for a moment. He had just had a great urge to pee and it was becoming difficult to overlook it. A 25-year-old Cuban with short brown hair and brown eyes, he represents all Cuban beauty and is also a salsa teacher. That evening he had chosen a light look with an open shirt and blue trousers, colored shoes and boxers also blue. He had only had a cocktail, but he already felt the need for a bath. He generally avoided using the toilet also because he suffers from a shy bladder, which sometimes created him for hours of tightness without ever having it on, but he could still hold it for hours.

This time, however, his 3 friends had also changed expression, in particular one he was hopping. Even if he didn't dare he was waiting for someone to go straight to the bathroom, even if dirty, to be able to follow him. It was evident that two of his friends had to urinate urgently, in fact they were moving a leg insistently and also seemed to be sweating. The 4 friends looked at each other and it was clear that they all had to piss, they just had to admit it.

"Guys, I'm doing it under who's going to the toilets with me?" one of the boys said. There was no need to repeat it that everyone headed for the bathroom, a difficult journey given the small place now crowded. Enrique's 3 friends were getting really nervous and also angrily dodged the people on the course. It took them more than 5 minutes to reach the bathroom and enrique had noticed that his three friends had already brought their hands between their legs several times, that cocktail they had taken must have been really diuretic, thought enrique. When they arrived, however, they had a nasty surprise: one toilet was completely broken and the other had the door open and impossible to close. They tried to take turns outside the bathroom door to say it was busy, but there were too many people and that was impossible.

Suddenly one of the three boys widened his eyes and babbling something with great agitation went to the toilet, with great effort unhooked his pants and pulled out his dick starting a long piss. Enrique was amazed to see his penis and also his friends and at least 5 other gentlemen who entered at that moment and then left, the sound resounded throughout the room and given the position on the side, the jet was perfectly observed. Finished, he with the red face he went to wash his hands and said he was really urgent and he couldn't wait. His two tall friends were embarrassed to have to do this, but they were both practically hopping and driven by this urge first one and then the other were forced to urinate in front of everyone with enormous relief. Enrique, however, suffers from a shy bladder and needs a locked space to fulfill his needs and certainly does not want to show everyone his penis since he is very modest on the subject.

It is true that he runs away from him, but he can resist, he had already been in that condition even for hours, he decided that he would never drink anything. "Then I'll do it later, it doesn't escape me so much ....." he said to his friends who looked at him with a smile. The friends immediately went to have a drink and Enrique took nothing, but his stimulus did not seem to disappear. They went to the middle of the dance floor and started dancing. "What a bore is piss, okay just don't think about it and then it goes away, now it's time to have fun". The minutes passed, but the stimulus seemed to increase, the boy danced, but every now and then he had to stop and look around with a worried air. He began to look at his watch often, he would stay there at least another two hours and did not know what excuse to invent to leave. His heart started beating fast and he felt her bladder completely full sending all the signals to be emptied.

The Cuban tried to think of something else, but his urge was so strong that it was impossible to ignore. He stopped dancing to try to control his body, but by now it was too clear he absolutely had to piss. He stood still for a moment, but immediately a big pain hit him and unwittingly he put both hands between his legs, scared that something might come out "Hey, all right?" friends asked about him. "Sorry guys, but I really have to go to the bathroom" Enrique answered with embarrassment and almost tears in his eyes.

"Ok, let's come with you, then we'll have more to drink" they replied. Enrique was too desperate to tell him that he preferred to go alone, but he ran to the toilet "Dodge, I can't take it anymore, oh my, soon" he thought as he headed for the place where he would be better. He could no longer sit still and his hand was now always still on his dick, he needed it so much that he didn't even bother to be seen by everyone anymore, he would almost have wanted to do it there if he could. He began to sweat and knew the bathroom was close.

Every minute that passed his stimulus became bigger and bigger, more and more powerful, more and more irresistible. His gaze, however, from desperation became one of pure terror when I saw the long line that was in the bathroom, it must have been at least 20 people and Enrique was really on the limit "Oh God no, there is no more help ..... , oh, ... everyone's looking at me, but I'm not there anymore "he thought to himself. Now he was really sorry he hadn't gone with his friends earlier, but the only thing he could do was wait for him to be his moment. The Cuban could hear and see the boys in front of him taking long pisses and even those in front were visibly desperate.

"Excuse me, please let me pass," said Enrique. But no one let him pass and a huge thick ghe made them squeeze their legs and started jumping a lot. He regretted not having done it before and now his friends were watching him making fun of him. He was jumping and it was clear how strong his stimulus was and all the boys looked at him amused. Sweat was showing on his forehead and she was making a huge effort to keep all that liquid in his body. The line went on slowly, but his stimulus grew more and more every second and he felt weaker and weaker and closer to failure.

"Oh no, I'm not there anymore, I'm doing it underneath, go ahead, man, .... come on, ah ..." he would say aloud watching more guys piss. The pangs were growing and he could feel the piss pressing hard towards the exit as if he were trying to break through the barriers. Enrique had to resist, he couldn't get it on in front of his friends in a nightclub, everyone would see him. He felt perfectly his member of him pressing on his boxers who already felt a little wet on the tip.

He had never run away from him so much in his life and he was starting to seriously fear he wouldn't make it even though he was so close to the toilet. The pangs were growing and there were still people in front of him, it was increasingly difficult to make even the slightest movement, even behind him there were others, but for now he was definitely the one who needed to piss most. He still had 5 people in front of him, but the sound and sight of those people pissing made it terribly difficult for him.

He closed his eyes, but he continued to hear the piss beating on the toilet water and the moans of relief of those who were urinating that made him hold on even stronger, making him even grit his teeth giving him a really desperate look. He opened his eyes and saw clearly the one now at the toilet start his jet as from a fountain. He still had 4 people in front of him and the battle between doing it immediately and waiting became increasingly difficult and now his body no longer wanted to wait and he too was letting himself be deceived. The breathing became labored and it was at that moment that Enrique realized it was going to happen and there was nothing he could do to stop it.

"Oh no I have to piss .... let me pass ..... let me pass .. please ... ah" he began to say aloud attracting attention. However, as never before you feel the strength of his piss pressing to come out and the weakness of his member trying to stop her A big pang took him and against his will she realized that his cock despite his effort it was giving way. He began to tremble, his eyes wide open, his hands clenched, his piss pressing hard, his legs tight, his bladder feeling bursting, his teeth gritted, his strength giving out and between his legs he felt incontinent, he could no longer hold it.

With three people in front of him, he felt the piss go out uncontrolled and warm his private parts, then trickle between his legs. Enrique stood with his mouth open and his eyes wide open as his blue pants showed the patch widening. He was pissing on himself at full power and couldn't stop. He was seized by an ecstasy and a trickle of drool ran down him. He had it for more than a minute before it ended and only at the end did he notice the trickle he had made under him. From a distance he heard the laughter of his friends who had witnessed the scene and only...

Then did he realize that those behind him were all really at the limit. He looked behind him and saw another guy just arrived who was doing it on himself just like he had. He was grateful he wasn't the only one he had happened to and with red eyes and wet pants he talked to that boy and they headed for the exit together, but they discovered that soon they would not be alone.

Salvatore had just met a very handsome man and they were already kissing. Despite the passion, something else was distracting him; he absolutely had to go to the bathroom, but he couldn't get away and didn't want to leave like that. Athletic, 35 years old, he had dressed in gray jeans and a red shirt without worrying too much, he generally came alone on this type of night. Usually he held up for hours, but now the urge was really strong and he was starting to worry. It didn't seem appropriate to leave everything, just to go to the bathroom, on the other hand he thought he could keep her. Her new boyfriend didn't seem to notice, however, and Salvatore was suffering in silence trying not to point out anything. He did not know where the bathroom was and was convinced he could handle it without problems, but damn how he escaped. But after 10 minutes he was really exploding and he started sweating. "I have to find an excuse to leave or it will end badly ...." he thought to himself.

"Sorry, but at home ....." he said, but was immediately interrupted. "Hey bye, I see you've made the acquaintance .... let's sit here so we get to know each other better" said a gentleman who discovered to be a friend of the boy you just met. To make the tragic situation worse, Salvatore found himself surrounded and had to meet the friends of the man he had just met and he was really trying to have a composed attitude. It wasn't long before his leg started shaking, but he didn't want anyone to notice that he needed him. Sometimes he had jerks that made him close his legs and he started shaking. He couldn't say many words and was now speaking in monosyllables.

"Hey, all right, am I doing this to you? ... you look ..... strange ...." said the man who smoothly touched and kissed him in front of everyone. He realized that the situation was seriously getting worse, but he did not know how to leave also because he continued to be kissed "Oh, keep calm, I can't take it on with these just met .... come on .. come on". Salvatore was so busy holding on and not telling anyone that he absolutely had to piss that he didn't notice that he was hopping and that he was on the edge. The others were starting to notice it, but Salvatore kept denying the evidence and couldn't walk away. By now all his thoughts were about his pee and the only thing he thought was "Don't piss ... don't piss ... don't .."

Suddenly he heard a squirt run away and wet his panties, he got very agitated and tried to free himself " Hey, are you all right? "The boys asked him. But salvatore just stammered me while he felt his chest as full as ever. His breathing became labored, he realized that he could not get up and felt a big pain between his legs. The man who was stroking his leg suddenly touched something wet and a river flowed out from under Salvatore's ass. In front of all those strangers Salvatore made it completely on himself attracting the attention of at least 10 people and could not stop. A puddle formed under him and he began to pant. With soaked jeans he ran away and never saw that man again, but he would soon find himself in the same situation.

Matteo had been a bouncer inside the club for a few months and had never seen anyone piss himself in there, but now he had already observed at least 5 guys losing control and in the bathroom there was a very long line with more and more people who did not arrive dry to the toilet. He saw them all wriggling and begging and then to their great shock they pee in their pants, some did it on the walls leaving a lot of dirt Because of his work he could not break away, he drank little and rarely ran out of pee. He always laughed at those who showed his need to urinate, but after an hour and a half in there I begin to feel a certain need for a bathroom too. Very muscular, with a very neat little beard that evening he was wearing blue jeans. He noticed that people were getting quite nervous and he didn't want any trouble in the club. He didn't understand why everyone together needed a bath so much, much less why his urge was growing so rapidly.

After a quarter of an hour his demeanor was slowly fading. He must have looked menacing, but now she couldn't remember a time when he needed to piss so badly. He was sweating a lot and his leg was shaking. He didn't have to show any signs of letting up, but he could see that the line to the bathroom was still very long and he couldn't quit his job. He had to show his muscles, but his gaze was becoming worried, how much he was running away from pissing. "When does the shift end ??? I have to take an absurd piss, come on keep your composure, I'm 30 on" he thought. He started shaking a little and was struggling to stay still, his bladder had never felt so swollen. They called him several times to clear up the line in the bathroom, where many people were trying to overtake the others, but he couldn't use that cup and seeing those people urinating in there or in their pants greatly increased his despair.

Now he was shaking and could think of nothing but how much he had to piss. His demeanor was fading and he couldn't quit his job. His heart started beating hard he tried to calm someone down but he was so focused on holding that he couldn't stop anyone He began to have small shots that made him squeeze his legs several times and to make matters worse someone had already noticed his emergency. "Oh no. ... I'm a man ... I can't take it ... come on ...." he kept thinking. His urge grew more and more and soon he found himself breathing heavily and hopping. Some began to tease him and he moved around the club in hopes of curbing his urge. Poor Matteo didn't really know what to do, he absolutely had to piss and now he was moving in a funny way.

Matteo understood for the first time what he meant he absolutely needed a bathroom and he couldn't think of anything else apart to hold up as much as he could. "Ohhhh .... come on ... hold up .... no ........ ahhhh" he began to say with clenched teeth. But suddenly what he feared most happened, what he had always thought impossible: a drop of pee escaped on his gray underwear. He stopped with his eyes shocked by what happened, a hand ended up on his underwear and without realizing it he found himself in front of a mirror with his pants u that had lowered a bit attracting attention a lot while he clearly perceived, his dick wet and the rest of the piss that was about to come out.

He looked at himself and it was true: a stain was clearly visible on his panties and he could also feel it with his fingers. Overcome the scandal he pulled up his pants and entered into pure terror and forgot about the work he was doing, all his concentration was on avoiding getting it in front of everyone. With his legs tight, trying to run he headed towards the bathroom, but with his long tail he started shouting "Please let me pass, I'm pissing on myself, please .....". But everyone was desperate like him and 7 people put it down and reminded him of his work. Embarrassed he wanted to reply, but a big pang sent another huge squirt out and this time a small stain appeared on his jeans, but his panties were now completely wet. Realizing the situation, he started running towards the exit of the nightclub to look for a dumpster or something to take her out. But many people slowed him down and he kept saying I have to piss, I have to piss loudly.

Going up the stairs was very difficult he was hopping, panting and heard another splash escape him. He had to do it, he wanted to have hope even though his pants were now very visible on the front. He arrived at the exit and desperately searched for something to fulfill the need for him. He had both hands on his pea and his legs tight. He desperately searched for something, attracting the attention of everyone who had stopped to look at him. They saw him with a big stain on his pants as he said "" ahh ... I have to piss .... " a big effort to stop her, but it came out in a jet flooding his private parts. He felt the piss run down between his legs, wet part of his ass and enter his shoes. His gray panties were dripping and his jeans showed everyone that he was pissing At least 10 people were watching him as he relaxed from desperation and from standing he collapsed sitting leaving a puddle under him. With a big ahhh, an ecstatic face and pee under him Matteo welcomed the evening.

Marco was a cubist in the disco and it was the first time that he had seen the deejay put on a recorded record and run away to the bathroom. He saw it from afar as a large stain appeared on his jeans making it clear why he had run away. Dressed in only green briefs, he had been missing a giant piss for more than half an hour. In order not to show his desperation he was dancing, but now the stimulus was too great and several times he had slipped his hand on his panties that it was increasingly difficult to keep dry.

He knew he couldn't leave his position, he was too high up and he couldn't find anyone to help him get off and he didn't see anyone to call to replace him, but gee he had never lost his pee so much. People were starting to watch him as he moved in an increasingly bizarre way. One leg was shaking incessantly and he could feel her bladder overflowing and sending more signals to want to empty. He felt the piss press on the exit and the more the minutes passed the worse the situation got.

"OH NO, how can I get off ???? It escapes me too much, I have to ..... no, damn .... hold on" he thought to himself with an expression that left no doubt .. He was hopping and could not sit still, but above all he could not hide his urgent urge. He started yelling for someone to get him off, but there were too many people in his own situation, and whoever looked at him smiled. Trembling a small spot appeared on his panties that everyone noticed "oh no, that can't be true, oh no ...." he said.

He was there with a mega piss to do and panties with a stain in front that left no doubt, but he knew more was coming. Very agitated he was jumping more and more and felt with every second that he was about to give way. He tried to hold on with all his might, but with wide eyes and a shocked face he started involuntarily pissing on him. His panties became dark, we saw the piss wet his balls and come out and the jet gushing out as long as from a sink. Everyone saw him piss and seeing that he was little dressed, many walked away.

He could see the piss coming out of his cock like an empty bottle. He had some for a minute, and it was only when her panties were dripping and her legs were warm, that he felt more relaxed and realized that everyone had seen him. He had just pissed on himself with only his underwear and now he was there with these gears in front of everyone and the piss all over the cube that had also descended on the track, but that evening he too understood that he was not alone.

After about 3 hours Ivan saw that there must have been a simultaneous infection. Suddenly everyone who was still dry in the club had an incredible despair almost together. He realized this by observing the queue in the bathroom which at that moment was almost 25 people. A boy was persistently knocking on the wall with his hands between his legs and behind him everyone was moving frantically with obvious nervousness. Everyone was very agitated and screamed at the urge to piss. Someone had a few tears in their eyes and they were jumping conspicuously.

Someone already had some spots on their pants and everyone felt on the verge of giving up. There was like a struggle to get to the cup, and no one was able to argue, plus each person took a really long time to do it all. That bathroom was very dirty, and many refused to enter. Suddenly three people with their hands between their legs and saying things that are not very clear began to piss on each other and then the boy from before saw his jeans stained as he sat down on the ground.

Almost everyone else took a few steps together, but everyone began to feel the bladder about to burst. Many took it upon themselves, finding their private parts wet and a bit of drool in their mouths for relief. Some realizing that they were about to have it under without restraint they lowered into their pants and began to do it on the wall, a boy even hearing a splash on his underwear, without realizing it, he lowered his pants and squatted, starting a jet in front of him.

Everyone saw his ass and his penis as he pissed. Outside People were trying to get out, but the urge was now too strong for everyone and on the stairs there were those who could no longer hold them. A lot of peeing was done there at the exit attracting the attention of passers-by. You could see the boys running towards the cars, some doing it there in the middle of the road, others having it on in front of everyone, someone reached the car, but then wet the seat in an attempt to reach home. Inside the disco you could see people everywhere getting it on and even on the ground it was hard not to touch the wet.

In the center of the disco, a crowd of about thirty people was created and all of them could no longer unlock. They were hopping and and it was clear that they were all really on the edge. They were trying to free themselves and reach the bathroom, but all desperate could not unlock. He heard himself say ahhhh, the music was gone now. The one in the center with the shorts felt strongly pressed on his stomach and began to wet the shorts. The sight of the dripping piss made it impossible for everyone to keep holding it and one by one everyone started pissing on each other. All those guys found themselves sharing the same experience, he felt a big ahhhh and the stains on his pants left no doubt.

A huge pool was below them and there was the sound of piss dripping onto the floor. Together in the end they laughed and all with a little embarrassment left without understanding how such a thing could have been possible. What was certain was that everyone was now much better off and sharing the experience made him feel less embarrassed. Undoubtedly that was an evening they will remember. Ivan gave the account of the evening counting that at least 120 boys had done it on themselves during that evening, but soon the others too would discover that they had woken up in a wet bed. Everyone inside the disco had been infected and many already wanted to try the experience again. Ivan absolutely had to continue with his rashi virus

*001*2022-08-25 19:35

I Know it's pass a lot of time but i had some idea. I post another part of the story. ( there is also part 1). Suggestions are welcome

Ivan was in a beautiful village, but not by chance. Still satisfied with his success at the club, he had just seen a great guy who could help him with his plan to take the rash virus to the next level. He was in fact a director of porn movies with gay actors, also specializing in kink.

Ivan wanted him to start having his own passion and to start filming pee desperation scenes too, but he wanted him to first understand the pleasure that this can give. He didn't know how it was going to end, but he wanted to infect him and then offer him a deal, but for that he would have to find the best time. The man in question is called Armand and he still doesn't know what he expects.

Armand is 31 years old, French, he is an athletic man, short brown hair with blonde highlights and green eyes. Always considered a handsome boy, he loves visiting places of culture and walking in his spare time. That day he was in a small village away from his workplace, quietly sipping a coke at a bar. Dressed in a blue t-shirt, long very light blue jeans, sneakers and gray boxers, he was really relaxing when suddenly this gentleman appeared to him who without asking permission, just as he had just come out of the toilet, sat in front to him.

"Good morning" she said, "you don't know me, but today it could be one of your luckiest days from a working point of view. I have watched a lot of the films you have produced and I want to offer you something new ... opportunity, but I'll talk to him about it when he understands what I'm talking about and he'll probably understand it better, "she told him.

Armand was used to strange people, but he didn't want to talk about work and he just made a face and replied "I don't like riddles, but I'm on vacation and I don't want to talk about work, please leave me." The gentleman in front of him waved something close to his nose and Armand considered him even more mad and gave a little laugh. Ivan with an amused smile saw his little finger blush and said: "You don't understand now, but I have an invention that can make her company a big change, but I want her to try it first." Armand, angry at hearing these rumors, replied "I don't want any sex toys, please go, I have already met many like her" Ivan left but with a small almost invisible drone he began to film the scene leaving the boy to his solitude.

Armand really had no idea that he had been infected and was convinced he had found yet another seller, so he soon forgot the scene. He decided to go to a very high tower, bought the ticket and after 20 minutes tired he found himself on the tip to observe the view. How wonderful, he was really happy to be there. The village was really beautiful and nothing seemed to disturb his calm, when all of a sudden he began to feel something strange in his body. He felt like he had to urinate, that almost annoying feeling when you realize there's something you can't ignore.

"Weird so soon .... Well ... no problem, then I'll look for a bathroom," he thought. As he went down the stairs, however, the feeling grew without making it urgent. There were many people around him (but being outdoors he could not infect many others), and as he went down he saw a long queue at the toilets of the tower. It was already a little late, so they immediately sent him out and he was unable to use the toilets in the tower. "Patience, I'll do it later, just don't meet other madmen."

Armand did not care for now, he was used to being with that feeling of having to piss like this for hours (in fact sometimes he could even hold up for 8 hours almost without realizing it) and he rarely drank enough to feel the urge strong and yet something was changing, After 10 minutes the situation was getting more complicated. Now his bladder was full and even though he tried not to think about it, it was getting difficult. His heart started beating fast and he realized that he really had to piss. He usually went pissing at the slightest urge, but he had never been in that state so quickly. He sent all the curses to the one who had not allowed him to use the toilet at the tower and irritated he began to look around The village was all up and down and there were no small streets where he could do his business and there were also few shops.

He had parked far away and it would take a long time to get there, no lawn was nearby and so without thinking he tried to go back to the bar. He began to accelerate his pace, he felt his bladder grow and his urge became more and more unmanageable. He was really looking forward to being at the bar, and although he would show up, he was trying to stay calm and not let anything show. He cared a lot about his reputation and knew how to hide his needs well, yet this time he was sweating and a desire to piss like this he hadn't remembered for a long time.

"Ahhhh ..... how far is the bar, I better move, I really have to piss .., I order a coffee and then immediately to the toilet." he thought as he walked to the bar. It took him over 5 minutes to get there and when he arrived he found it closed. Seeing the word "closed" his face became all red and a great anguish took him, he felt all the fullness of his bladder and understood how strong his urge was. Without realizing he began to squeeze his legs and slowly move in place, bringing his hand to the front. He realized that he absolutely had to piss and that his body was demanding it, he needed a bath and right away. The people around him brought him back to a firm stance and were very embarrassed to realize that someone had seen his stimulus.

"Ohhhh ..... what do I do, where is a bathroom nearby, there are too many people around here, too much escapes me .... I must immediately reach an isolated place" he thought as his stimulus grew and grew again . He could hold her, but he was starting to feel signs of letting up. In his whole life he did not remember the last time he ran away like that and there in front of that door without realizing it with a worried look he turned and began to breathe slowly and to tremble. His hands were often going to his head and one of his legs was moving nervously.

"Oh ... what a piss I have to do, ..... damn where is a bathroom, I have to free myself ,, help ..." he thought. He started to walk with his legs tight and people were starting to stare. He had to find a bathroom immediately and immediately looked for a map of the village. With difficulty he found one on the corner and hopping he looked for where the sign of the toilets was, hard to find.

He was sweating and hopping on the spot and it was impossible not to notice him without smiling, also thinking so much about the bathroom made him even more desperate and he was more and more afraid of having it on him. He made strange noises and was so busy holding her back that he struggled to find the mark. "uh ... everything okay?" A gentleman asked him.

"YES ... Nothing" he lied to him armand that he didn't want to admit his need for him, but he was hopping and had a suffering face. "If you are looking for a bathroom, it is at the beginning of the village, right here. You can see that you just run away, stay calm and don't worry, everyone happens to have to pee. Take this road and then you can piss" the gentleman told him vulgarly. Armand went all red, he realized that his need was evident to everyone and to hear the words bath and pee his urge grew a lot.

For a few seconds she imagined herself unzipping and pissing in front of the toilet, but then she returned to reality. Those few seconds of relaxation caused him a strong pang that made him lose a drop in his boxers. His hands snapped between his legs and he leaned forward slightly, his shocked face made him understand what had happened and Armand realized that he was risking a big fool. He felt the tip of his wet penis and noticed that his bladder was demanding to be released without listening to him. With large steps he began to walk towards the entrance, but nothing had ever seemed further away.

In all his life she had never escaped him so much and never if she had made it to him and he certainly did not want to do it there in front of everyone. With a really desperate face and making strange noises he put his hand between his legs and began to say aloud ... "come on, come on" ..... His urge to piss was very high and he did not believe there was a small patch not visible on his boxers. The urge grew more and more and Armand was more and more desperate and he felt more and more that he was about to give in.

He began to feel that his bladder was about to contract and shouting no with tears in his eyes he started running, touching his pea often. "oh no ... no .. I have to piss, I'm not there and I do it anymore, what happens to me where the bathroom is ..... I have to go ... ahh .... I have to piss ......" he thought or said aloud. In his mad rush Armand was bumping into more people and everyone was looking at him. He was really funny in his desperate attempt to reach the bathroom, but his urge kept growing and the bathroom was still far away.

Meanwhile he felt more and more the pressure of his piss that he wanted to get out and Armand could not do anything to decrease it. Every second that passed made the situation more and more worrying and armand had to stop and started doing big hops on the spot. He had both hands on the package and squeezed his legs in an attempt to quell his urge. People looked at him amused and he was attracting attention., He had become the attraction of the village.

"Ohhhh ... I can't do it anymore ..... hold up .... hold up ...... ohhhh. ... help ....... I'm still far away. " he would say to try to hold her. Suddenly, armand saw the toilet in the distance and thought he saw heaven. "Ahhh .. how nice ... the toilet .... I can finally piss, but ...... oh no.no ... ohh .... no ...."! he said aloud with all the people watching him, but soon after a huge pang hit him, his teeth clenched, he crossed his legs and he felt a strong pressure on his penis. A small splash wet his gray boxers and a small visible spot appeared on his blue jeans and Armand realized he was close to the limit.

Everyone noticed that stain and stopped to look at it. The boy began to feel the piss that did everything to get out, he almost hurt and the pressure had never been so strong. He absolutely had to piss and he couldn't wait a minute longer. He had never escaped so much and now he couldn't hold her anymore. He felt his bladder about to burst and felt he had less and less power over his body. All of his attention was on his pea and an enormous anguish overtook him. He wanted to run, but he couldn't do it anymore, he was walking with tight steps and by now he had an audience watching him.

"Oh my God. No I can't piss on myself, no I'm so close to the bathroom, here ..., here .. oh no ......." he repeated to himself, but by now he felt he was about to explode and without noticing the parts another, this time, big sketch. He felt, and indeed were, his boxers wet and dripping with drops running down his jeans. He realized that he was about to explode and started hopping on the spot with the stain now clearly visible to all. By doing so, his desperation reached its peak and he began to say aloud attracting everyone's attention "Oh no ...... I can't piss on myself, hold up .... hold up ...... .. . strength ..... ahhhh .... "

He took another step, but then trembling all he understood that the time had come. His eyes widened, he felt his bladder contract and all the piss pounding for the exit. loud. With a face that said everything and shouting no, no, no he put his hands into fists and unwittingly, defeated by the force of his bladder, the jet shot from his penis and Armand began to piss on himself.

The piss slammed from the boxers to his balls and then went down between his legs until he came out of his jeans, wetting his shoes. Under the gaze of many people his jeans became from light to dark creating two streams on his legs and Armand could no longer stop letting himself go completely. A sensation of pleasure never felt before him seized him and he let himself go to the joy of feeling the piss go down between his legs. "AHHHHHHHHH ... finally .... AHHHHHHHH" he repeated ecstatically.

A smile was created on his lips, his eyes went back, he looked like he was having an orgasm and he continued to do it. Under him a pool was created which, like a small river, flowed down into the village. After about two minutes he felt the jet finish and felt the last drops that wet his boxers. He looked down and saw his soaked jeans with the puddle under him and he really realized what had happened. They were still watching him, but most seemed amused and some even excited. Embarrassed he said "I pissed on myself ...... it happens ..." and without saying anything else happy for the pleasure felt, but also a little embarrassed he went to his car with soaked jeans knowing he had tried something new.

Now for revenge Armand wanted to see who had seen him so shrink like him now and he didn't know why but he wanted to try the experience again, besides he was also thirsty. Reaching the car he saw the gentleman from before. "Hi, I'm Ivan, did you like the experience?" Ivan told him. "um, these things happen, now I have to change" Armand replied embarrassed without really understanding what had happened.

"Let me first explain my invention and how he could use it on your models to create a new genre," explained the scientist. "Invention how do you say? I don't understand ... I ....." Armand replied. "Look" .... Ivan said to him. Suddenly they saw a man running towards the parking lot, Armand recognized him as the man he had told him was the bathroom. He was walking nervously with an obvious need to pee and behind him he saw two other boys also desperate following him. Not paying too much attention to them all three went behind their cars and pulled down their pants and started pissing loudly. A smile appeared on their faces. "They were infected .... by her .... well she is outdoors so she infected few people, but indoors she could have infected everyone, but you see they don't know yet that tonight that virus ... that I created. ... it will make his bed wet, "Ivan told him.

"What ????? so it means that with this virus I could make someone piss on me?" Armand said to him "Sure, just like what happened to her. Well ... to be honest, I thought he was going to do it somewhere ........ and not that ..... well .. . if he did it under ..., but better this way. I know he liked the feeling and using this virus you think about how many viewers his models could have filmed in the same situation. I also made a video of him, but it is his staff don't worry .It is a new market also because the virus is spreading and soon the market will be large ... you saw how people looked at it .... and admit it you already want to see other men get it on, well it is so for all the infected, but maybe you have the chance now, "Ivan replied.

Behind them appeared a 19-year-old boy, the very one who had closed the toilet to the tower. He was hopping, found the bathroom closed and was so desperate that he didn't even notice Armand's soaked jeans. He was about to drop his pants when Armand with a pleased smile did not want to miss the opportunity. "Excuse me .... could you show me the most convenient way to this hotel," he told him. The worried boy was hopping and retreated on his pants, but he was really bursting and couldn't sit still "Yes ....., mah .... sorry ..." he replied. "

"How I don't understand ....." Armand told him. "Here ....... he has to go outside ... and then ... to the right ..... and then ...... Ahhhhhhh "said the boy, but he could not go on because a large stain appeared on his green pants that made it clear that he was about to give way. Trying to resist and with his face all red he could not drop his pants in time and he started to get it on in front of them. There was a loud fart and then the sound of piss falling on the floor. THE boy was ecstatic and let himself go completely. Excited and satisfied Armand turned to Ivan "Show me the potential of the his virus, "he said." As you wish, "the scientist replied.

Armand changed and during the drive Ivan explained to him how the rashi-virus worked, he also told him that it would be a matter of a short time before it was discovered and that he had to take advantage of it. To show how it worked, the scientist accompanied the entrepreneur to a gym very frequented by men only in a shopping center on the top floor and gave him special glasses with which he could see inside the clothes, monitor the bladder and also look in the other rooms. , because with some small drones Ivan was filming the whole scene. They were greeted by a 45-year-old man who was a salesman and was probably the head of the gym.

They greeted him, paid for the ticket, but in the banknote he put one of his viruses so the man was infected and the two began to enjoy the scene. As they ran on the treadmill, one of the small drones soiled the gym bathroom so badly that the mall had to lock it with a code that only the mall manager had. That bathroom could not have been used for any reason and the only audience left was on the ground floor .... very far away. The two boys looked around there were at least 35 men inside the gym all muscular and a zumba class was about to start in the next room. Meanwhile, with glasses Ivan saw that the clerk was starting to have a swollen bladder.

Raphael was angry .... the bathroom had just become unusable and on top of that he was having a terrible piss. In his 20-year career such a thing had never happened and now he was thinking about where the nearest bathroom was. He absolutely could not leave his post, he had already been robbed once and could not happen again. Yet that he wants to piss that he had. He tried to keep a composed attitude, but the desire for him was so great that he was nervously moving his leg. He looked at his watch and saw that there were still four hours to go before the change, it was going to be a difficult afternoon.

He had to think of something else and now. Not thinking about going to the gym and always having a change behind that day he had put on a pair of light, slightly ripped short jeans that showed his hairy legs. The minutes passed and the stimulus did not diminish, he crossed his legs, but he was useless, he tried to do some work on the computer so as not to think about it "Good morning" interrupted a customer, a young boy. "I'm here for the zumba test," he told him.

"Ah yes .... uh ... sure., Second room on the right" he replied .. "Er ... everything okay? I see it ... strange" continued the boy. "Yes, sure .... no problem" the man lied to the boy who in the meantime had just infected. But Raphael realized that he had a problem that he could no longer ignore. He was now hopping in his chair and writhing. He couldn't think of anymore nothing and called into the microphone: "Michael is called to the counter with the utmost urgency ... soon," he said. A boy, who was a trainer, walked towards him "Er ... you can stop here for a moment, I have to ... solve something" Raphael told him that he did not want to admit in front of one of his employees that he was pissing "Sorry, but I have to finish the course, can you wait 20 minutes?" the boy told him.

"Ah well ... sure, I know you can't now then in 20 minutes," the boss told him. The minutes passed very slowly and the boss was writhing in his chair. He couldn't leave his place, but he was becoming a real emergency. He wasn't a handsome man, but it was always fun to see someone desperate and sitting there Raphael was dancing up and down in his chair. His gaze was very worried and it was obvious to passersby what he needed. He started whispering under his breath cursing the uninhabitable bathroom and couldn't sit still. His bladder was reaching its limit and he was anxiously counting the minutes.

After 20 minutes he was really desperate, his legs were tight and when he saw Michael he thanked heaven. The trainer came very calmly and told him. "Ok boss, it was a nice course, I just ....." he Couldn't finish the sentence that he heard himself scream "STOP HERE, I ..... THERE IS NO MORE." The trainer was shocked and by the look of his boss he understood what the problem was. Without saying anything, but secretly happy for the scene, he went to the cashier watching his boss run away with his hands between his legs a little alive and a little from the cameras on the desk. After 50 minutes of holding it like this Raphael without realizing it was walking really fast repeating oh god, oh god. He was having severe pains and every now and then he had to stop. He ran up a couple of stairs, being noticed by everyone in his search for the toilet.

He was holding on with all his strength, and he wasn't far, but suddenly as he was taking the other stairs to go down he tripped, grabbed the handrail and found himself sitting on a step without hurting himself. The change in position caused his bladder to explode and he felt his ass get wet with his own urine. As if from a tap, his penis let go of everything, creating a stain on his short jeans and making a long stream of pee go down the stairs. Raphael was now relaxed and he doesn't know why he is happier. Embarrassed, he got up and had the stairs washed. Michael when he saw his head reduced so he burst into a big laugh teasing him a bit. He was his boss, but they were also friends and never would have imagined such a scene. Raphael changed, but he didn't know the show had just begun.

Adam was starting his third zumba class with enormous passion and for the occasion he was dressed in a beautiful red jumpsuit with long pants that covered his white briefs. He was a 26-year-old, black-haired, blue-eyed waiter with a fit physique, he loved spending his free time training. A quarter of an hour had passed since the meeting with Raphael and the class was now full. 15 men, all his age were watching their teacher play the music to do the exercises, Adam really wanted to let off steam. "Ok let's go in for an hour and a half guys, rhythm and no stop" said the teacher with joy. The music started and the boys started to move, but something started to upset Adam. He felt he needed to piss and a lot, but he could resist and yet there was something strange about him, he didn't know why, but he had a bad feeling.

The songs went by and he realized he really had to piss, he couldn't ignore it anymore. His attention began to focus on his cock and he was struggling to move to the rhythm. Adam, however, did not dare to ask to go to the bathroom, he had not asked me about him in his life, an innate shame blocked him from asking. Even when he was at school he kept it for hours and prided himself on having always managed to hold it, also because he needed solitary and silent places to do it (which is why Ivan had chosen him). Yet after 40 minutes into the class he was really desperate, he was sweating terribly and was holding his piss with all his strength. He could no longer follow the moves and began to fidget, he didn't want to miss the lesson and he knew he could keep it. It was impossible for him to piss on himself as an adult, it would never happen to him. In the belief of her after a certain age she can always be kept, only those who let her go if they wear it.

His body, however, despite his ideas, struggled more and more to hide all the pee in his bladder and began to nervously move a leg. Everyone in the room seemed more agitated, but he was now the most nervous and tried not to think about how much he had to piss, but that was now impossible. The teacher noticed this and the others too. "Hey Adam are you alright? Do you ... need anything ??" the teacher told him. "Er .... I ... can I go to the bathroom?" Adam answered incredulously. It was the first time that he asked for such a thing, he didn't even know how he had dared ..... already he was running away a lot.

This teacher, however, had already been infected in the past by the rashi-virus and smiled from the opportunity that he had just happened to him. "Oh-oh. Does anyone need a diaper?" she replied, starting some laughter "I'm sorry, but the bathroom here is unusable, there is only the one in the commercial center but it would mean making everyone wait 20 minutes. You can wait another half hour, right ??? o maybe someone isn't there anymore? If you can't do it we'll give you a diaper "Adam went all red, that's just what he didn't want to hear.

"Of course he can do it, what do you think I was saying so to say .." he yelled at him. Now Adam was intent on proving that he could do it and couldn't fail. His stimulus, however, had grown out of all proportion, he was breathing heavily and was always convinced that he could not make it on him. His heart was beating wildly and everyone was staring at him.

"Ahhhh ... what a urge to piss, right here and I can't leave ...... uff ... it'll be a long time, I really have to pee ..." he thought in his mind. He slipped his hands between his legs several times and was trembling all over, he could not sit still, but the poor boy had not really realized he was at the limit. He was hopping, his gaze was worried and hopping on the spot, sometimes bending and taking on some strange shape, but you could see that he didn't want to make everyone understand that he really, really had to piss. It almost occurred to him to ask again to go to the bathroom and the teacher noticed it and immediately took advantage of the opportunity. "Ok 20 squats without weights and then rest" shout the teacher.

Adam imagines themselves running towards his house and then finally standing in front of the toilet. He did not remember he had ever run away so much pee and only these 20 exercises were missing and then he could finally piss. "Oh ..... what a desire to piss ....... I am an adult we just need to do it on me, just don't give in, but ..... oh ... uhh he thought. Meanwhile the first squat 1 began.

Adam put his hands forward and bent his knees squatting. The movement was like a punch in the stomach for him, he felt the piss press towards the exit and an "Oh God" escaped him. Getting up was really difficult, but he did the exercise again with a lot of effort. 3 when he was squatting again he noticed that his penis was pressing hard on the suit making him see. 5 This time his bladder was starting to hurt and he felt like squeezing it. 6 he Had to really work hard to stop the jet7 Enough, he had never worked so hard. The teacher looked at him with a devilish smile, but he couldn't stop. 9 Adam bent his knees, but this time he felt his bladder contract completely. He felt like his belly was empty and all the force of his pee was directed towards his penis.

It was a few seconds, but for Adam they were crucial. His face became very funny and the feeling of his bladder being so compressed made him realize that he could no longer hold it. He tried in vain, but this squat was really too much for anyone and like a bottle of champagne when the cork is too shaken, a jet of pee went out from Adam's penis that passed his white briefs and his red jumpsuit crashing to the floor. Adam with his knees bent was completely pissing himself in front of everyone, the sound echoed throughout the room and his eyes went back. Everyone looked at him in shock and his face was pure pleasure. A lake formed under him, his wet suit showed all his briefs turning yellow and those in the room could see the jet come out and descend to the floor. When he finished Adam couldn't believe it, he was standing there with his mouth open and had just pissed on himself as an adult.

