Damsel in Dimensional Distress!

Author: DerekOmoso

*000*2022-09-05 05:23

In a galaxy far far away....

I'm kidding.

In the distant future...

Sara Galadriel / Personal Notes 023 : 7/24/78

See I'll never forget the look on Matt Harper's face when he discovered a way to speak to otherworldly beings. He called his machine the Dimensional Defib. Don't ask me why. The words don't really mix in my opinion, but hey who am I to judge? He's the guy who discovered the dimension of Gondor. He even got to name it! I'm surprised he didn't name it after himself. He named it after some ancient medieval film kingdom. Can't remember the name of the film though.

Anyways, that's not what's important. What's important is the fact THAT HE COULD SPEAK TO OTHER LIFE FORMS. Well a single life form. It already spoke English when he got into contact with it. So, hey. Easy win for us. We couldn't come up with a name for them though. We don't even know what they look like. Not yet anyways. The scientists are hunting down a way to breach the dimensional barrier and explore the new world. Obviously the first thing humanity thinks of is to destroy that dimension and pull another Manifest Destiny thing. I suppose I'll have to wait and see what happens.

/// END LOG: ///

Sara Galadriel / Personal notes 034 : 12/13/80

Crazy thing happened today. The group of scientists tasked with breaching the other dimension have finally done it. I don't understand how they did it, but the call the machine the 'Reality Railer'. Not sure I like that name... Anyways this is where my job comes in. Being a spy isn't easy. I've said it many times before, but it just gets worse and worse... Okay I can't say that. 72' was an awful year for me. That stupid virus that caused Incontinence. Like why does that even exist?? Every other work day back then I was wetting my suit. IT WAS SO EMBARRASSING. Well whatever.

The main point I want to make is that this job is going to be a lot of fun. I'm one of the only spies that's getting allowed in there. I guess I'm good at my job. From what I've heard they are super similar to humans. I just have to blend in and start a life there. Not like I'm leaving anything behind. I'm still getting paid for my services. Oh... Wait... The money over here isn't going to transfer to the other dimension... Oh come on! I better be getting some SERIOUS dental care. Anyways, I get to cross over here really soon... So I better get ready!

/// END LOG: ///

(Hi! I hope the style of this story isn't annoying. I really like what I did here! I'm excited to continue it, but It's past my sleep time. So yikes. Going to sleep now though! Hope I don't wet the bed! Hehehe!)

*002*2022-09-05 14:41

Chapter 2: A Great Leap for Mankind.

Sara Galadriel / Personal Notes 034 : 12/14/80

I did it. I completed the dimensional leap. It wasn't that great... Going through a portal isn't fun. I'm pretty sure one of my other colleagues got tore apart during the transfer. Glad it wasn't me, but it's still kind of sad. Anyways, back on topic. I came out of the portal and I had to pee. I guess interdimemsional travel accelerates the filling of my bladder.. Anyways... When I came out of the portal I was in some... Weird place I'll say. The trees here are super tall. The water is a dark blue. The air is cold. It smells like.... A forest? It's calm here. I don't see any buildings yet. I'm going to go look even further in though. I'll write another entry whenever I find something of use.

\\\ END LOG: ///

Sara Galadriel / Personal Notes 034: 12/15/80

Okay I found something! A single building. The lights are on. It's tall and metallic. It's shaped like a pipe. I'm going to knock on the door and try to convince the thing in there that I'm lost. Hopefully I can get a map or something.

\\\ END LOG: ///

Sara Galadriel / Live Feed: 019: 12/15/80

Sara approaches the building. It's quiet. Birds were chirping. Water was flowing. All the usual forest noises were heard.

Sara goes up to the door and knocks on it. Softly.

Shuffling inside is heard and the door opens. There's a human in the building. The exact same as the main dimension's humans.

"Uh... Hello... My name is Sara. I'm uh... Lost I was going for a walk and I ended up here... I don't know where I am."

"Oh. Of course. This happens a lot. Kind of why my house is out here. People get lost and go missing all the time in this area. Don't know why. Here, I have a map of the area. A bunch of em actually."

"Oh thank you so much... Also one more question... Do you uh have a bathroom in there?"

"Um... No? The only bathrooms are in the main town. Country rule here. You should know that?"

"Um... Right sorry. I'll be on my way then"

Sara thanks the guy again and looks at the map. She makes her way towards the main town. Her bladder slowly filling.

\\\ END LIVE FEED: ///

*003*2022-09-06 17:54

Chapter 3: Ye Blasted Bladder!

Sara Galadriel / Personal Notes 035: 12/15/80

I followed the map for a while. I guess this place is a lot bigger than we thought. I did find a path though. It's pretty dark out already. I also really have to pee. I might just go next to this tree here, but I have too much pride to do that. I might have to though. I can't hold it forever.

\\\ END LOG: ///

Sara Galadriel / Personal Notes 036: 12/15/80

Okay so I haven't went pee yet. But I ended up finding a person. She said her name was Dara. She was talking about how she got lost and something was following her... Not ominous at all. I've been glancing all around the woods because I think I hear something. Turns out it's nothing and it's just me being paranoid. Dara said she found the path and that her husband lived nearby. I assume it's the one house way out there that I got the map from. Anyways, I see street lamps in the distance. No buildings yet... Okay wait just passed a tree and I see some. Okay a lot. Let's hope I can find a bathroom then. Really need it.

\\\ END LOG: ///

*004*2022-09-07 06:28

Hey, guys! I'm here again. I have some good news! Well, for me anyways. This story here I'm proud of. I really am. I enjoy writing it and other people who have read a non-omorashi variant really enjoyed it. That motivated me to write more of it! While I do enjoy omorashi in stories. This one it didn't really fit in well. So I'm discontinuing it on here. I really appreciate the positive feedback and I really appreciate the lad who suggested this on my "Inspire Me" thread. This story is now a passion project. It being a passion project makes it not fit in here. So that's why I'm stopping it. I have my Survival Situation story to continue and one day I'll continue my Saria's Incident story. I just have to get a strike of motivation to do it. So... Thanks again! Have a nice night/day! I love you all and have a good time!

