Aqua and the staff of "Water"

Author: DerekOmoso

*000*2022-11-04 07:21

Aqua and the staff of "Water"

Chapter 1: The Dungeon of Soakarso!!

Aqua rolled over onto her side.

"Uuuuh... I wish I had a better sleeping bag..."

She slid out of her sleeping bag and out of her Insta-Tent.

Aqua was in a dark, damp, and rather scary dungeon. Sure she went into dungeons pretty often. Usually it ended with her and wet panties. She always wore the same outfit. Of course she cleaned it in between adventures. It was a short red dress. She wore a pretty pair of white panties with dark blue moons.

Anyways, Aqua went into dungeons to hunt down artifacts and magic. She usually sold them for a pretty pack of platinum. She heard rumors that there was a magical staff in the Dungeon of Soakarso. That was where she was. She had to camp out in it because of the sheer size of it. It was a really straightforward path, but it was a long and treacherous one. Aqua used, ironically, a firebolt staff. She always managed to take out whatever stood in her way. Even if she was a pretty small girl. Being 22 and not being over 5ft. was kind of embarrassing. She was a pretty powerful mage so most people never bothered her.

She was pretty close to the final room. She felt it.

Too bad her bladder had to ruin her plans.

She has a rather small bladder. Her muscles down there didn't even compensate for it. They were weak. She leaked and had accidents pretty often. She was always teased when they happened too! Even nowadays people tease her about it. It was weird. Aqua was always strong and knew how to get out of teasing and stuff, but not when she was teased about her accidents. She always hated that. She never could stand up for herself about it.

"Ugh! Not now bladder!! Worst timing... I swear!"

Aqua got her Insta-Tent back into her bag. It only took a second

She then walks to the corner of the room and starts to pull her panties down, but a sudden arrow flying at her made her stop. She dodged the arrow, unfortunately landing on her butt with her legs spread out. Her pretty moon panties stood out in the light.

There was a wet spot!!

The sudden jump and landing caused her to leak!

In the distance stood a skeleton with a recurve bow.

Aqua put on a pouty face and jumped up to her feet. She pulled out her firebolt staff and shook it around.

"Flambasa...!!!! SEAR!!!"

She screamed the chant and the staff charged up. She shot the large firebolt right at the skeleton.

The skeleton rolled and dodged it!

Aqua gasped. She peed a little bit again.

She had to charge up the firebolt again.

The skeleton quickly shot another arrow at Aqua. She jumped out of the way landing on her knees. Scraping them.

"Ow!!"

She involuntarily peed a little again.

In her head all she could think of was the phrase: 'Curse you small bladder!'

Her mind raced. She was about to have an accident because of a stupid skeleton. She got frustrated and jumped back up.

She shook around the staff and chanted again. Making sure to aim where the skeleton couldn't dodge it.

"Flambasa... Sear!!!"

The firebolt flew with speed. The skeleton tried to avoid it but it was hit right in it's chest. Breaking him into bits.

"Phew..."

Unfortunately for Aqua she relaxed a bit too much after the skeletons demise.

Her muscles relaxed and she was full on wetting her panties.

"Aw... I had an accident..."

She stifled a moan and stood up straight. She actually quite liked the feeling of the warm wetness between her thighs, but now was not the time to have fun.

She walked to the door to the final room. She opened it.

It creaked open. The room was damp. Just like Aqua's thighs. She stepped into the room. It was calming. A sanctuary of sorts. She stepped up the stairs and onto the platform. There it was. The staff.

She smiled and grabbed it. Fully expecting something bad to happen.

Nothing did.

It was calm. She shook around the staff. Nothing happened.

Cautiously she touched the crystal part.

Instantly she felt her bladder refill.

She needed to pee again. Really badly. The staff seemed to fill her bladder to the maximum.

Of course Aqua's weak muscles down there caused her to leak.... Which led to her fully re-wetting her panties. She was soaked! Her thighs were all wet and her panties... She didn't even want to think about them.

This time though she didn't stifle the moan. She went with it and did it. She actually liked peeing herself. As weird as it was to her... She enjoyed it. It was comforting and warm! She really wanted to see another girl like her pee themselves, but she couldn't just tell them to. Now she had a plan. If she can touch someone with the staff they'll pee themselves! She wondered if there was a spell for it...

She looked at the rest of the calming staff room. She saw some sort of hole near the corner. Liquid could get through it.

Aqua thought for a moment.

She walked over to the hole and squatted over it... Not taking her panties off of course... She touched the crystal again. Her bladder filled to maximum and she uncontrollably peed through her panties again. Right into the hole. A blue light trail went through the room.

Out of the wall a bookshelf popped out. A single book was on it.

Aqua ran over to it and grabbed it. It was a spell book! It only contained one spell, a spell called 'Omorashi'.

She was going to have a lot of fun with this.

*002*2022-11-05 19:57

{{3 minutes ago, hypergirl44 said:

That ending really got me good job!

}}

Aww! Thank you!!! I had fun writing it!

