Girl desperate in school

Author: daniel2

*000*2018-02-12 16:32

I sent this to rick dixon a while back since this was a requested story. I am posting it here to have some content under my belt

3rd period

Kelsey, an 18 year old senior just asked her teacher if she can use the bathroom. She said "no" because the period is almost over and it was almost lunchtime. Kelsey didn't have to go that bad so it wasn't a big deal.

Kelsey is a thin white girl with tight blue jeans and a small purple tshirt. She works out regularly so she is in pretty good shape.

4th period

Kelsey was at lunch with her friend margaret, who isn't exactly fat but she is a little on the chubby side. They like to gossip sometimes or just talk about life. Kelsey forgot her need to pee (which was since this morning in 2nd period but her teacher told her no) Kelsey is the type that sometimes needs to pee but the need goes away and comes back randomly. She drank some juice and ate her chicken salad.

5th period

5th period is biology. Kelsey really had to pee this time. She was crossing her legs at her desk. There glanced around the class and she saw two students drinking water. This made her need worse. The teacher was talking about the digestive system. He mentioned the word "bladder" which made kelsey cross her legs even tighter. Kelsey raised her hand. "Can I go to the bathroom please" The teacher responded, "no you have to go after class. You should have gone at lunchtime. Don't interrupt my class again" He then proceeded to talk about the literal process of peeing and how each organ does their thing. The worse part was that students were asking questions about pee like "why is it bad to hold your pee for too long" and "is it true that your bladder can explode?"

The words "pee" and "bladder" were making Kelsey shake her legs. Kelsey's ex boyfriend was in her class. He still felt bitter about the breakup. He knew it would be petty to shake his water bottle while kelsey was desperate to hold onto her pee. He did it anyway. This made kelsey gasp. She held her crotch and made a face. She hates this dude even more now.

Finally the teacher goes onto a different topic. The rest of the period went by pretty quickly. Kelsey was sweating and fudgeting nonstop. She whispered to herself "oh no oh no I’m gonna have an accident!” When finally, the bell rings and kelsey runs off.

In between 5th and 6th period

Kelsey ran to the nearest bathroom. It was out of order. She held her crotch tightly and she was shaking. She kept running down the hall until she reached the next bathroom. She tried to push the door open but it was blocked by some girls. A bratty voice can be heard from the other side "Sorry we are doing stuff over her and I don't want you to snitch on us"

"please I'm bursting"

Kelsey is crossing her legs while tearing up a little

Another bitchy voice can be heard as well

"ugh there is another bathroom down the hall"

Kelsey attempts to push the door again, but she was overpowered by the girls in the other side. She has no choice but to run off into the next bathroom.

Kelsey has no idea if she can male it that far but she decides to make a run for it. Kelsey continues running past people until she saw a potted plant that was next to an office. The office door was closed. The plant was not as visible to passerbys at the office. If she moves it to a corner no one would see her pee on it. Her need was dire that she decided to just say "fuck it" and do it. She moved the plant out of sight, unbottoned her jeans and pulled down her panties. She hovered her butt over the plant and was finally ready to release the pimped up pee that was in her for so long.

Suddenly the office door opens and kelsey struggles to put her pants back on. It was the school principle. "Were you about to pee on that plant?" Kelsey laughs awkardly "umm no?" Kelsey was sweating and her foot was tapping. She was trying so hard not to do a pee pee dance in front of the principle. "So hows the classes, good" Kelsey fakes a smile and nods her head

"mhmm"

"So what did you learn last period"

Kelsey starting bobbing up and down a little bit. "we had biology and we learned... about mmmm the bladder" as soon as she said bladder she crossed her legs.

"are you sure you weren't going to pee?"

A little spurt comes out of her panties. "I'm sure"

"I gotta go now, I... Don't wanna be late"

"ok run along now"

The principle went the other way and kelsey decided to make a run for it.

She finally made it to the bathroom at the end of the hall. The stalls were empty. She can finally pee! Well... not quite yet...

Kelsey gets a tap on the shoulder. "I don't know if you haven't noticed, but there is a line"

"just my luck" Kelsey thought to herself.

Kelsey was absolutley bursting in line. There was sinks being used and the listening to the water flow and toilets flushing made it unbearable. Each use of the toilet and sink felt like a stab in her bladder. Kelsey was bobbing up and down.

The line was near to the end. She noticed her friend margaret go in the stall. After two minutes of sheer torture both margaret and the person in the stall next to her come out. It was finally time to pee. "oh my god Kelsey! hi!" She pulled kesley aside and more desperate girls went in.

"listen I think I should ask brad out, because he won't ask me and I'm tired of waiting. I know je likes me already so I wanna do it. What do you think?"

Kelsey uses all her willpower to respond. "I think you should" Kelsey was tightly crossing her legs and bobbing up and down.

The bell rang.

6th period

"come on were gonna be late"

"but"

"come on Mr Reynolds is super nice he'll let anyone go to the bathroom, you'll right back here in a minute."

Margaret was technically right. Kelsey could just walk into 6th period say she needs to pee and Mr Reynolds can just write her name and she could run off. Plus the bathroom where the popular girls were blocking is probably free by now.

Kelsey ran to her 6th period class, but Mr Reynolds wasn't there. Instead, an angry old looking substitute teacher was there.

"okay class your teacher sent you some assignments for you to complete before class. Understand?"

Kelsey went up to the sub

"Hey mr? I really need to use the bathroom"

"No one leaves this class when you come in, learn some discipline child"

"but"

"There are no buts in real academia, you should have gone before, now sit down"

Kelsey sat down. She couldn't stop fidgeting. She was sweating and she bit her lip. Her leg was shaking. She couldn't believe this. She was going to either pee in front of everyone or get marked absent for leaving the class. She was already struggling with her grades as it is.

Kelsey's evil ex was in the class. He raised his hand.

"Hey mr could I put some ambient music to help everyone focus?"

"go ahead"

Kelsey thought to herself "oh so he lets students put music but not pee?!"

The following ambient tunes were rain forest sounds. Kelsey couldn't take it anymore. She bent down while holding her crotch while she gasped. This is it. She couldn't hold it any longer. She began to leak non stop. The floor was forming a puddle and her seat was wet. The pee kept flowing and some students moved away from her. Everyone was in shook. Several seconds later her ex and some classmates began to laugh. Kelsey turned bright red. She was crying. Kelsey ran off to the closest bathroom humiliated.

"I'll go get a janitor, you better continue your work"

A girl raised her hand.

"Hey mr. Can I go help kelsey out and take her to the gym showers for she can get herself clean"

"Go ahead help the girl out, she already has been through enough. Tell her I won't mark her absent and I will give her a copy of the assignment at the end of class"

The girl and the substitute teacher parted ways. This girl is very short with black hair and she is wearing sweatpants and a black shirt. She walked to the bathroom only to find Kelsey crying.

"what do you want?" Kelsey snapped a little while sobbing.

"I'm taking you to the gym showers to clean you right off"

"I should have thought of that!" Kelsey began to laugh at how stupid this entire thing was. She could have gone to the bathroom at lunch or just risk being a few minutes late.

Kelsey was walking downstairs to the gym with the girl.

"so teach says he won't mark you absent and for you to like get your assignment before class ends"

Kelsey's eyes lit up. "Thanks Melissa, i'm gonna go wash off now, i'm so embarassed though like how am I gonna talk to anyone?" Melissa responded, "it's highschool, people forget shit the next week"

Kelsey washed up and slowly walked back to class. She put on some extra unused sweatpants before heading back there.

6th period, close to the end

Kelsey walked up to the teacher. Everything stared at her while she walked. Some students cracked a few chuckles. The assignment was handed to her in one of the most awkward exchanges between a student and a teacher.

The bell rang.

