An unconfortable curse

Author: Darkpee

*000*2022-05-08 14:15

Hello, i'm trying to do a fanfiction which is not a pokemon fanfict, i also remember you that i'm italian and my english grammar isn't perfect.

Kira is a girl who have just turned 18 years old, after her party, she went for a walk in the woods. She didn't pee before but wasn't a problem. suddenly, there was a rustle in the bushes. A ghost came out of there. the girl was frightened, and actually a drop of pee came out. the ghost was scared like her and accidentally cursed her. When the girl woke up she was sitting in the bed of her new house with a note in her hand. "sorry if I scared you, I also cursed you by mistake. now you are incontinent until you turn 25." This is awful for the girl. considering that he will have to live with this curse for another 7 years. Then Kira remembered that she had to pee when she met the ghost. She look down and she noticed she peed herself.

She changes quickly, but she had to pee again, so she ran to the bathroom. but when he got there I found a terrible surprise. she had just moved and the bathroom still didn't work. his urge to pee increased and he decided to go to the garden. Unfortunately the neighbor was out at the time the neighbor turned on the sprinklers and at that point the pressure was unbearable. She was able to get back into the house just before letting go of her pee. it was a warm and welcoming feeling. She menaged to change herself, but she immediately feel like she have to go again. She look out her window and her neighbor wasn’t outside and the sprinklers was turned off. Kira went in her garden and peed in a bush. For a while, she didn’t have to pee anymore, so she clean the pee that was in her house and call a plumber to repair her bathroom. After all this, she can finnaly pee in a normal place. But this is not the last time she will wet herself…

To be continued…

