My first wetting story

Author: Darkcloud17

*000*2017-01-07 07:33

Alright. Here it goes.

So I just wrote my first piece of omorashi fiction today. It's based on one of my most desired fantasies: seeing a girl desperate and wet herself while writing an exam.

Enjoy! Constructive criticism is welcome.

Anita’s Exam Accident

Anita quickly rushed through the campus, hurrying to get to the lecture hall where she had her thermodynamics exam that afternoon.

As she sped along, she took a quick second to glance at her watch: It was 2:03pm - the exam had started 3 minutes ago.

“Fuck,” she cursed under her breath.

There had been a major accident on the highway she usually took to go to school, and she was forced to take a detour - one that was longer and caused her to arrive late. She quickened the pace as she entered the Accolade West building, where the exam was being held.

As she climbed the stairs to the second floor, she passed the buildings only washrooms. She felt a small twinge in her bladder as she moved passed them - she briefly hesitated before deciding that she had no time to waste and that she would just have to hold it.

As she entered the exam hall, a TA showed her to an empty seat with an exam turned face down. The lecture hall was quiet, only broken by the furious scribbles of pens and pencils on paper. As Anita sat down, she looked at the clock: it read 2:09.

‘About 10 minutes late’, she thought to herself. ‘It could be worse.’

She removed her calculator, pencils, pen, and eraser as she took her seat. Finally, she took out a 1L sized water bottle: she was a firm believer that staying hydrated during your exam was essential to maintaining a high mark.

She immediately got to work.

The first hour or so went by fine. She flew through the first few problems before reaching more difficult ones a few pages in. It was around 3:05 or so when she felt another twinge in her bladder, but this time stronger. She glanced at her bottle. She had been so focused on her exam that she hadn't noticed how much she had been drinking. Almost the entire bottle was finished.

‘Shit, I'm going to have to pee a lot.’

But she had never used the bathroom during an exam before. Protocol required you to ask a TA and have them escort you and wait outside the stall. For her, it was far too embarrassing to even ask, let alone pee while the person standing just outside the door could hear everything that was happening.

In both elementary and high school, she had never asked, not even once to use the bathroom. She would always hold it until the end of class, no matter how bad she had to go. Admittedly, it did lead to a few close calls, but she only ever once peed her pants in 5th grade, but that was because she was stuck on a 3 hour bus ride on a field trip. She was teased about it afterwards for weeks.

And so Anita resolved to hold her pee until she finished the exam. The problem was, it was turning into a very hard exam and she new she would need the full 2 hours remaining. It was going to be a long 2 hours.

For the next 30 minutes, the urge remained relatively mild, although slowly increasing, coming in waves. She dealt with the urge by lightly tapping her feet and clenching her thighs together.

By 3:45, there was an hour and 15 minutes left, and she was beginning to run into trouble. More and more, she was having to focus her attention on holding her pee, slowing down her progress on the exam. Her bladder was uncomfortably full as she continued to fidget and shift in her chair.

'I'm never gonna last another hour,’ she thought in despair as another wave of urgency came and went, forcing her to clench her thighs and buttocks. She glanced and saw a TA a few rows down from her and considered asking. But fear and shyness continued to dominate, and so she chickened out.

It was 4:10, and Anita was rapidly running out of options. Wave after wave of desperate urges swept over as she fought to keep the floodgates closed. She was nearing the final quarter of the exam but she couldn't think. She was using all her willpower to hold it in. She discreetly placed her left hand on her lap, pressing down on her crotch. She rapidly tapped her feet, scissored her legs and rhythmically clenched her thighs and buttocks, but the urge was building fast.

“Oh, god, oh god, please god let me hold it, please don't force me to ask to use the bathroom,” she mumbled quietly. But it was looking increasingly like it was her only option. As a last resort, she unbuttoned her pants to relieve pressure on her swollen bladder.

It was 4:25pm, and Anita was going to have to make a choice: ask to pee, or turn in your exam early and leave before 4:30, at which point you were forced to stay till the end of the exam period. Or else she was going to pee herself.

She raised her hand. A TA noticed her and began moving down the aisle towards her. For the first time in her life, she was asking to use the bathroom.

“May I please use the bathroom?” she asked, stuttering a little.

“I can put you on a waiting list, there are currently 3 other students that need to go, and we only allow one at a time. I'll come to you when it's your turn.”

Anita’s stomach dropped. She didn't even know if she could wait much longer.

“Okay, thank you” she replied softly, trying to hide her rising panic.”

She finally finished the exam, but on the last few questions she just wrote for the sake of writing - at this point she didn't care about anything else. She had to pee, and FAST.

At 4:40, the last student before she could go was called up by the TA to use the toilet. Anita was trembling with effort to fight back what felt like the Pacific Ocean in her bladder she jammed a hand between her legs, discreetly pressed her crotch and rocked back and forth.

Suddenly without warning, a massive bladder spasm forced her to double up, in pain. Clenching her teeth and tears forming in her eyes, she fought it, but the inevitable happened.

A hot jet of pee burst out from between her pussy lips, soaking her crotch. It lasted only a second before she regained control, but it left a baseball sized wet spot on her sky blue jeans.

‘Oh no, no no no,’ she pleaded. ‘This can't be happening. I'm a 19 year old girl and I'm wetting myself.’

She felt like a primary school girl.

The TA approached her. “Anita, you may use the toilet now”.

Breaking her neck for a piss, she nearly jumped out of her chair.

Spurt.

“Ooooooh” she moaned as she bent over slightly and pressed her legs together, regaining control.

The TA seemed to notice what was happening and sped walked her to the the bathrooms.

Her salvation was coming. Just a few more seconds.

Approaching the bathroom, another bladder spasm.

“Mmmmhmmm…”

Spurt. She felt it running down the inside of her right leg. She stopped again and unashamedly shoved her hand in her crotch.

As she approached the bathroom, she didn't stop when the TA asked her if she had her phone on her. She just rushed into the stall and slammed the door shut.

The sight of the toilet was too much. The dam finally burst and hot urine hissed loudly into her jeans.

“Ohhhhhh noooooo!” she moaned, as hot urine poured down her legs and she frantically pulled her jeans and panties down to her ankles. In her rush to position herself in a half-squat over the toilet, she sprayed a significant amount of urine all over the floor and toilet seat.

She moaned a sigh of relief (perhaps a bit too loud, the TA laughed a bit) as the pent up pee rushed out of her like a water hose, hitting the toilet water hard, making a significant amount of noise and splashing a few drops of pee on her ass. It went in for almost a minute.

As the stream subsided, her relief turned to utter horror. Examining her jeans, she realised she had let lose a quarter of her pee in her pants, and there was a significant wet spot reaching all the way down her inner thighs.

‘This is going to be so embarrassing,’ she thought to herself in terror. She would need to walk out of the bathroom, in full view of her TA and everyone else, in pee soaked jeans.

She quickly wiped her pussy with toilet paper and wiped down her legs. There was no time to clean up, she didn't want to risk looking like she was cheating.

She opened the door in complete shame. Anita’s TA looked at her jeans, briefly opened his mouth to say something, but then decided against it and quietly escorted her back to her seat. There were a few snickers as she walked back. Sitting down in her wet jeans, she put her head down in shame for the last 10 minutes of the exam period. It was going to be a long busride home.

It had been the most embarrassing day of Anita’s life.

