Lucy the Cross Legged Leprechaun

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2021-03-18 14:31

Last night I wrote a new St. Patrick's Day desperation story. Originally I was thinking I was going to write a story about somebody getting desperate drinking on St. Patrick's Day ,but I already put that in one of my other St. Patrick's Day story that I wrote back in March 2018 in my old blog at https://desperatejill.livejournal.com/2018/03/17/

So I figured it would be redundant to write another St. Patrick's Day story, until I suddenly off the top of my head thought of a unique idea about how you don't really see many female leprechauns, and that made me think, naturally, being me, what would female leprechauns do in regards to the bathroom?! The story pretty much generated itself from there. Enjoy! Also in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/5281.html

Lucy the Cross Legged Leprechaun

Jill was walking through the forest one day and she came across a small looking woman dressed all in green.

"Hello what are you doing out here in the middle of the forest," Jill said. "My name is Jill."

"I'm Lucy," the woman said as she shook Jill's hand. "And I'm a leprechaun."

"A leprechaun, I've never even seen a leprechaun before, let alone a lady leprechaun. In fact I didn't even know that they had lady leprechauns."

"But where do you think that baby leprechauns come from?"

"I have never actually thought about that, I have never even seen a baby leprechaun. In fact every time I've ever seen a leprechaun depicted it has been a little bearded guy."

Lucy nodded. "You know that's a good point, there really aren't that many female leprechauns."

"So how do leprechauns reproduce?"

Lucy smiled. "Believe me you would find it extremely nasty if I told you, let's just say we have our ways. Anyway would you like to come back to the leprechaun kingdom with me?"

"Well it's better than just walking through the woods I suppose," Jill said as she shrugged her shoulders and followed Lucy back to the leprechaun kingdom.

When they arrived in the leprechaun kingdom Jill couldn't help but notice that most of the leprechauns were indeed little bearded guys with Lucy seeming to be the only leprechaun lady. And all of the leprechaun men seemed like they were drinking heavily and urinating all over the place.

"Well I can see that this is some type of male paradise," Jill said as she noticed that seeing all those leprechauns peeing all over the place was making her realize that she hadn't been to the bathroom all day and she really needed to go. "Say Lucy, do you have a ladies room around here?"

Lucy stood there with her legs crossed frowning. "Not really."

"What do you mean not really?"

Lucy sort of danced in place. "Well you see there are so few female leprechauns they didn't bother to build any ladies rooms."

"They didn't bother to build any leprechaun ladies rooms? Well what are you supposed to do when you have to take a piss?"

Lucy tightly crossed her legs and began grabbing herself. "You're supposed to wait until you get home."

"Well they don't look like they are waiting until they get home," Jill said as she pointed to a bunch of leprechaun men peeing all over the trees and giant mushrooms.

Lucy laughed. "Both course not they're guys, they just can pee wherever the hell they want. But it makes kind of sense, I mean when I am the only lady leprechaun in town it would be kind of greedy of me to expect them to have a ladies room everywhere in town just for little old me."

"Well I could really use a ladies room," Jill said as she crossed her legs. "If the only ladies room is back at your house I think that that's where we should be heading right now."

Lucy nodded as Jill could clearly see that she had to go to the bathroom really bad. She thought that leprechaun society must be notoriously sexist to not provide any bathrooms for Lucy, although she can see from a practical standpoint how it might make sense, but it still didn't seem right.

As they walked through the leprechaun village Jill couldn't help but notice that it seemed like everywhere she looked there was a leprechaun man peeing on the side of a tree or mushroom or whatever.

"God damn do leprechauns just spend all day peeing?" Jill said as she was getting increasingly annoyed at all the sight of these leprechaun men relieving themselves while she still had to pee.

"Well I know that I don't," Lucy said as she continued crossing her legs and bending at the knees looking increasingly frantic.

"You know I don't think that I am going to adapt well to leprechaun society," Jill said as they continued walking through town looking for Lucy's house.

"Well well well if it isn't Lucy the cross legged leprechaun," one of the leprechaun men said coming over smoking one of his pipes before pulling down his pants and peeing on the side of his house.

"What is with all the peeing?!" Jill shouted.

"My name is Larry the leprechaun and I love peeing," the leprechaun said as he zipped up his fly. "There is no greater freedom then taking a whiz wherever the hell you damn well please."

"What about for her," Jill said pointing to Lucy as she hopped from foot to foot.

"It is not proper for female leprechauns to just be peeing all over the place," Larry said. "It's just not part of our culture."

"And not providing any ladies rooms, is that also part of your culture?" Jill said.

"A big part of it!" Larry said as he laughed and held his belly.

"Well that doesn't seem very fair," Jill said as she crossed her legs and crossed her arms and started tapping her foot impatiently. "So basically you guys spend the entire day just peeing nonstop and Lucy can only go to the bathroom at home?"

"It is written in the great book of leprechaun," Larry said as he took out a book. "It is our most sacred law book."

"So you actually have a sacred law book that says that female leprechauns are not supposed to go to the bathroom except at home, while you are supposed to pee all over the place all day long?" Jill said shaking her head. "I just want to get your stupid laws clear so that I don't commit any type of social faux pas."

"You have picked up on our laws rather quickly for a mortal," Larry said. "I am impressed!"

"I am not really that impressed with your dumbass laws that don't allow women to go to the bathroom," Jill said.

"Well of course we have a good reason for keeping Lucy from using the bathroom all day except at home," Larry said.

"But what reason is that?" Jill asked. "I can't imagine there would be any logical reason for that."

"So Lucy can train to hold her bladder for the great pee holding contest!" Larry said.

"Great pee holding contest?!" Jill said shaking her head. "Now this is really getting ridiculous. What is the great pee holding contest?"

"It is how a leprechaun protects its gold," Larry said. "If a person wants to obtain a leprechaun's gold they have to best them in a pee holding contest!"

"But I thought in order to obtain a leprechaun's gold you simply have to catch a leprechaun?" Jill said shaking her head and finding this whole situation incredibly ridiculous.

Larry laughed. "Well that would just be absurd. Now you have to try and earn your leprechaun gold. If everyone, well if all they had to do was catch one of us we would be out of our gold really quickly."

"So if I can best Lucy in a pee holding contest I would get all of your leprechaun gold?" Jill said her eyes suddenly lighting up.

Larry nodded. "That is indeed correct, but I warn you she has been training her entire life for this. She hasn't been deprived of bathroom access for nothing! Still think that you can best her in a bladder holding contest?"

Jill really had to go to the bathroom but it looked like Lucy was practically shaking as she crossed and uncrossed her legs and looked really really sad.

Jill shrugged her shoulders. "Well hey I mean what is there to lose, except maybe control of my bladder of course!"

"Excellent all you have to do is sign this contract," Larry said as he took out a golden contract and a golden fountain pen.

"Really your pee holding contract is written in gold?" Jill said as she raised her eyebrow before she shrugged her shoulders and signed the contract.

Larry led Jill and Lucy back to Lucy's house where they walked into the room to find a bunch of male leprechauns drinking and peeing all over the place, which she still had to admit didn't make the urge to go to the bathroom any less.

"Welcome everybody to the leprechaun pee holding challenge!" Larry shouted. "Today is a very special day because we have finally found a person who is willing to challenge our very own Lucy to a pee holding contest in some pitiful attempt to obtain our gold!"

"But I think that I'm going to be leaving here with a big pot of gold today, not to get cocky or anything like that," Jill said smiling even though she could feel the pressure in her bladder mounting by the moment. But looking at how desperate Lucy looked she figured that it was a shoe in that she would be able to win easily. Lucy looked like she could barely stand still as she danced in place.

"Don't be so sure of that bitch," Lucy said as she stood up straight and snapped her fingers and began to laugh evilly.

"What the?" Jill said scratching her head as Lucy uncrossed her legs and started dancing a little Irish jig and smiling. "Um, what exactly is going on here?"

Lucy laughed. "That whole thing that I was doing before, why it was just an act, I went to the bathroom before I left the house not long before I found you this morning."

"Wait, so you didn't have to go to the bathroom at all?" Jill said scratching her head.

Lucy shook her head. "I mean maybe a little bit, but I'm pretty much running on empty."

"Why on earth would you do something like that, why would you deceive me?" Jill said as she crossed and uncrossed her legs realizing that now she was positively frantic.

"Because I wanted to get you to agree to the contest," Lucy said with an evil smile as she began laughing. "Of course if you want to back out of the contest and concede defeat that is perfectly fine."

"So if I concede defeat then I don't get the pot of gold I guess?" Jill said shaking her head as Lucy nodded and smiled but Jill couldn't help but notice that she seemed especially thrilled.

Lucy smiled and nodded. "That's right, so do you want to concede defeat?"

Jill really wanted that pot of gold, but at that moment she really felt that she needed to go to the bathroom more than anything else, and seeing how relatively comfortable Lucy was she felt that maybe it was in her best interest to just concede now, rather than suffer extreme bladder pain only to have to concede later.

"I really hate to concede defeat but I really could use a bathroom," Jill said and she couldn't help but notice that Lucy seemed to be lacing her fingers together and smiling very malevolently. She didn't know what Lucy's deal was but she knew that she really wanted to use a bathroom as quickly as possible.

"Then simply say the words I concede defeat," Lucy said.

Jill shrugged her shoulder. "I concede defeat."

Lucy began to laugh evilly and dance around and pumping her fists into the air. "I'm free, free at last, free at last, free to pee!"

"What are you talking about, what's going on," Jill said as all the sudden she felt rather strange and felt like she was actually shrinking as Lucy seemed to be getting taller. "Why am I shrinking?"

"You conceded so now we have traded places," Lucy said as she danced around clapping and smiling. "So now I am finally free!"

"You should have read the contract you signed more carefully," Larry said as he handed the golden contract to Jill.

"But I can't read any of this, it's not in English," Jill said.

"That is why you were stupid to sign it, much like I was," Lucy said. "Essentially by agreeing to the great pee holding challenge the winner has the potential to win gold, but the loser becomes the new female leprechaun!"

"What?!" Jill said as she crossed and uncrossed her legs.

"And the best part is the female leprechaun can only pee when she first wakes up and when she goes to bed at night," Lucy said. "Finally that torture is over."

"What?!" Jill shouted. "Wait how do I become no longer the female leprechaun?"

"You have to find someone is stupid as I was and as stupid as you were to agree to the same contest," Lucy said. "But don't worry I only had to wait a couple of hundred years, hopefully you'll be luckier than that!"

"Wait, no this isn't fair," Jill said as she bent at the knees and crossed her legs tightly.

"Well I'm off to go use the bathroom as much as I like as often as I like," Lucy said as she skipped merrily away.

"Get back here you conniving bitch!" Jill said but she found that her bladder was feeling too full for her to walk much. As she watched Lucy run off to go to the nearest bathroom Jill turned to the rest of her new companions to see that they were still drinking and peeing all over the place. She realized that this was going to be a very long day.

A few weeks later Jill was walking in the woods trying to distract herself from the feeling of fullness in her bladder knowing that she had a very long day ahead of her before she would get relief again. As she was waiting on the side of the road that's when she saw Lucy skipping by before stopping and seeing Jill.

"Would you like to take a great pee holding contest, there's some gold in it for you," Jill said with a big smile and a thumbs-up.

Lucy went over to the side of the road, squatted and began peeing, balancing herself with one arm and flipping Jill off with the other before pulling up her panties and skipping off on her merry way.

"Dammit being a leprechaun sucks!" Jill shouted, and she wasn't even referring to how leprechauns reproduced, but that is a story for another day.

I have to admit I think that my situation has definitely influenced the endings of a lot of my recent stories. I think ever since I have been at my job where I have to hold it all day I have had more stories where my desperate female protagonists, pretty much always based off of the named after me, ultimately doesn't get to go in the end. I do think that's a psychological effect of my situation, I really do!

