It’s that time of the year again… free commissioned stories!!

Author: diaperedskye

*000*2025-07-08 00:03

So! i finally got my groove back in writing a little and decided i wanted to open this back up. In the past; i’ve been quite streaky so pre warning — i will get to your story eventually, it just may take some time, as i get really bad writer’s block sometimes, but i’m not gonna just throw something out there to speed up some sort of deadline. After all, these commissions are free, and i do them because i enjoy writing and love making stories for not only myself but other people as well. I do try my best, but i am human, and if i feel like i can’t get started on a story because i can’t get out of my own way mentally, then i won’t until i feel up to the task.

Phew! now with all that boring stuff out of the way, i’d like to state what i’m comfortable with, and not comfortable with.

Comfortable:

Wetting, and messing. There was a time i wasn’t okay with messing but having actually done it more and more irl in the past year or a little longer, mostly due to actual accidents, i’ve realised that it’s not all bad, and in a story, can really drive home just how little control a character has, or has ended up with by one reason or another. The aftercare is incredible, too.

Lesbian OR straight relationships. I should note that i will very rarely do a male based story as i am not comfortable writing about or portraying a male in any main character-like way, side characters or love interests are fine, but the focus will always be on the girls of the story, for me at least, sadly that means no male accidents more often than not, sorry guys! hope that isn’t too much a hindrance. I do have a slight lean towards lesbian relationships, but they work all the same to me. Note, your character doesn’t have to be or end up in a relationship! I myself considered myself to be completely asexual and unwanting of a relationship till recently, so feel free to pick whatever you’d like in that regard!

Sexual scenes. Now this is sort of a murky road for me as i rarely do nsfw scenes in my stories and as an avid text roleplayer (forgot to mention that), i have only done a handful of proper erp stories. So i’ll try my best, but no promises!

Transgender characters. Now this is where i will sound a little hypocritical given my earlier statement, but as a trans mtf person myself, i find it a lot easier to play characters close to home and am quite comfortable portraying trans characters for the simple fact that i don’t feel like i’m having to sort of..lock myself in that story, if that makes sense? I write and roleplay as an escape from my actual reality, given i am trans and was not female at birth, and that is why i heavily lean towards cis females in my stories as it allows me to imagine what could have been. I’m sure some can relate, but this is definitely okay with me!

Not comfortable:

Underage characters. Let me get this out of the way immediately. I will not include or play underage characters in any of these stories, as one, it is against the community guidelines and i would quite like not to get a strike, but two, and arguably more important (sorry mods) because it’s just weird? After all, this is a kink for what i assume is many of us, and including underage characters in that just seems like a stupid and unnecessary thing to do, and a fast lane to getting banned very quickly. However, i am okay with age play if anyone was wondering as both characters will be consenting adults.

Hypermessing / Hyperwetting. This is just something i’m personally not a fan of. It drags the realism out of the story for me and makes it honestly just a little bit boring, like it just seems so unrealistic and hard to top that the accidents don’t really matter at that point. How do you hide a puddle the size of a car, or a bulge in the back of your pants the size of a large boulder? you don’t. It drags all the tension from the story for me.

Rape. This one is kind of self explanatory, in the past, i have done stories that did feature rape as apart of the character’s backstory, and it has always felt weird to me, like why put the character through that in a story about, well, kinks, it just seems to make it seem like it’s okay, and rape is NEVER okay, which is why i will not have it included in anything i write.

Other than that, go wild! As for my own likes or additions to stories like this, bondage, hypnosis (specifically in the cause of taking away one’s continence or to be used in ageplay, both with trigger words) and bathroom control come to mind.

As for the other thing i do, as in, roleplay, feel free to shoot me a message here or dm me if you would like to explore that avenue. And the same for any story commissions, either here or dms work. Lastly, i will not be doing any of the stories i may have not gotten to in any previous commissions. Trying to go back and find them or even try to get in a groove with that idea given how long it has been will not only be tedious and time consuming, but could lead to me just giving up on the story entirely if i can’t get something to roll with it, as i’m not going to half ass a story for any of you as you deserve something a least with a little quality, rather than what my brain could muster up in that moment of weakness.

Anyway, have fun with this and i hope to hear back soon!

*002*2025-07-08 00:33

Ooh, i could definitely try this! i’ll definitely give it a go 🙂

