I'm High in the Sky and I Have To Pee

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2022-10-07 14:43

This story was on my list for like nine years before I finally got around to writing it as I just came across it a little while ago on my list and remembered it. I still remember what inspired this story back in the early days when I first started exploring this fetish, where I heard this account of these guys who were on a flight with this woman, and I think it was a flight that was much longer than the one in the story, where they were just peeing in bottles because there was no bathroom in the tiny little plane, and the woman was just holding it, which I thought must have been such excruciating torture, and I knew that I would eventually turn it into a story, and I am glad I finally got around to writing it. I will probably have other stories that are set on more conventional airplanes in the future, but for now I'm pretty happy with how this one turned out. Also in my blog https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/11199.html

I'm High in the Sky and I Have To Pee

"I really have to pee," Jill said.

"We have to hurry though, we have to get to our plane, you can go to the bathroom when we get on the plane," Randall said.

"Can we just take a few minutes just for a bathroom break, please," Jill said in a strained tone.

"He's right Jill, we will go to the bathroom when we get on the plane," Neil said.

"Yeah just wait until we get in the plane and then you can pee all you want," Jordan said.

Jill really had to pee but she figured as soon as they got on the plane she would be able to go. When they arrived at the plane it looked like a pretty small plane as it was one of those chartered flights that is only meant to have a couple of people on board.

"Everybody all aboard the plane," Amy the pilot said as the four passengers got in the back of the plane. "Everybody buckle up."

Jill reluctantly sat down but she started to get nervous when she looked around the airplane and she didn't see any kind of place for a bathroom. Nonetheless she buckled in and waited for the plane to take off before she decided to start complaining about a bathroom again.

"Where's the bathroom on this plane," Jill said as she sat in her seat crossing her legs.

"You know I don't see one," Jordan said.

"You said that there would be a bathroom," Jill said.

Jordan shook his head. "Well I just sort of naturally assumed that there would be one."

As Jill looked around the small plane that they were in she began to panic as she looked around and didn't see any sign of the bathroom. Reluctantly she got up and knocked on the door of the pilot.

"Everybody should remain seated during the duration of the flight," Amy said.

"Well you see the thing is I really need the bathroom," Jill said as she pressed her knees together.

"Yeah these planes are short duration flights only meant for a couple of people, so these planes tend not to have bathrooms," Amy said shaking her head.

"Not have bathrooms, how can you not have a bathroom on a plane, what do you do if you have to go to the bathroom?"

Amy laughed. "Well I always make sure to go to the bathroom before I get on the plane if possible and watch my liquid intake. But don't worry it should be a short flight, we will probably be there in an hour or two."

"An hour or two, but I'm bursting already!" Jill said as she crossed her legs.

"I've been there, but you'll just have to hold tight, sometimes the guys on the plane just pee in a bottle," Amy said as she laughed and smiled.

"I can't pee in a bottle, even if I wasn't wearing all of this winter clothing there's no way I could pee in a bottle without peeing all over myself and without the guys getting a good look at me," Jill said as she grabbed herself.

"Well then I guess you'll just have to hold on."

Jill gritted her teeth, the prospect of another hour or two in the air without a bathroom was certainly not what she was anticipating.

"I guess I better return to my seat," she said as she reluctantly went back and buckled herself up.

"What's the matter Jill?" Neil said.

"The plane doesn't have a bathroom," Jill said as she sat with her legs crossed.

"Well hey we should be at our destination in an hour or two," Randall said.

"See we should have stopped for the bathroom, you said that there would be bathrooms on the plane, liar," Jill said.

"I thought there would be, I've never been on a small chartered flight like this before so sue me," Randall said.

"I wish I could, can you sue for a lack of bathrooms?" Jill said.

"You and your bathrooms," Neil said. "I told you you shouldn't have drank so much before we got on the flight."

"You guys were all drinking plenty," Jill said tapping her foot impatiently. "And you all got to go to the bathroom before we got on the flight."

"It's a good thing too, I kind of almost need to go again myself," Jordan said as he sat back in his seat looking still relatively comfortable as Jill found herself crossing and uncrossing her legs frantically.

"Just sit back and enjoy the view," Randall said as Jill started looking out the window but all she could see were lots of clouds and a little bit of mountains beneath them.

The plane really was rather claustrophobic. She should have known when she saw the size of the plane that there probably wouldn't have been enough room for a bathroom, but she had never been on one of the small private chartered flights before.

After about a half hour the plane began experiencing some turbulence, rocking it back and forth and making it more difficult for Jill to sit completely still.

"Folks we are experiencing some minor turbulence, but please just stay seated," Amy said over the intercom.

Jill started wondering if Amy had to go to the bathroom, in fact she was secretly wishing that Amy had to go to the bathroom, because misery loves company.

She tried her best not to think about it but she found herself tapping her fingers nervously on the window and crossing her legs tightly. She tried shifting around in her seat but it was very difficult to get comfortable with such an obviously full bladder. She really wished that she hadn't drank so much before she got on the plane, she should have known there wouldn't have been time enough for a bathroom break, should have known that the plane might not have bathrooms.

"I hate to admit it but now I'm starting to need to piss as well," Jordan said.

"Well I guess you'll have to hold it then," Jill said sticking out her tongue.

"Yeah I could definitely go to drain the lizard," Randall said. "We all went to the bathroom before we got on the plane but we really did drink a lot didn't we?"

For a moment Jill was briefly satisfied to know that at least all of the guys were in a similar predicament to her, even though she felt that hers was worse because she didn't get to go to the bathroom before the flight the way they did. They had gone at least an hour ago, she had been holding it for at least three or four hours now.

"Well cheers to that," Neil said as he quickly took out his sports drink and finished drinking the whole thing.

"If you have to go to the bathroom I don't think that drinking that sports drink is going to make things better," Jill said as she tried to shift around in her seat to get more comfortable but found it didn't matter what position she found herself in, it didn't change the fact that her bladder was extremely full.

"I was finishing up the sports drink so that I could pee in the bottle," Neil said. "I'm about to join the mile high urination club!"

All of the guys began laughing.

"Gross, you guys are pigs," Jill said trying not to think about the prospect of the fact that Neil was about to fill that bottle full of hot piss.

"Hey when you gotta go you gotta go," Neil said as he started reaching for his pants.

"Whoa, you aren't going to do this right here are you," Jill said wanting to get up to stop him except she felt that getting up would probably just put more pressure on her bladder.

"Well nobody says that you have to look," Neil said with a snicker and smirk.

"I don't want to look but if I did look would that keep you from being able to go," Jill said.

"No," Neil said looking rather awkward.

"I think maybe somebody is pee shy," Jordan said laughing.

"Yeah I didn't think you guys were going to pee with a lady around," Jill said as she placed her hands on her knees and pressed them tightly together.

"I don't see a lady here, just you," Randall said as they all laughed and Jill stuck out her tongue.

"I seriously have to go, so ready or not here it comes," Neil said as he sort of turned around with his back towards them, and in a moment they heard the loud noise of Neil urinating into the bottle.

Jill tried to focus on something else so that she wouldn't hear the sound of the urine entering the bottle but it was a very loud echoing noise, hitting the plastic like that, and she found that she couldn't ignore it and it was making her extremely antsy.

"Look I don't want to pee in a plane with a woman around either but after hearing that I am ready to explode," Jordan said as he finished up his sports drink, turned around and began filling up his bottle.

Jill put her fingers in her mouth and began biting down on them. This was absolute torture. She didn't really think that the guys were actually going to pee in that tight confined space with her like that, but she should have known that they didn't quite have as many inhibitions as she did. It must have been rather nice to be able to just pee into a bottle in such a neat and orderly fashion like that.

"You guys are gross," Jill said as she looked over at Randall.

"I don't have to go that badly," Randall said and Jill was glad that at least somebody else had to go to the bathroom.

"Are you sure," Neil said as he and Jordan started shaking up their bottles of urine.

"Okay now that is really gross," Jill said as she pressed her legs tightly together and crossed them and try to resist the urge to grab herself, but seeing those bottles full of urine right in front of her like that was making her practically ready to scream.

"What's the matter Jill, you don't like seeing the bottle full of piss," Jordan said shaking it at her.

"Jesus Christ stop," Jill said as she stomped her feet in frustration.

"Hey guys I think that Jill's getting a little bit uncomfortable," Randall said with a snort.

"I've been uncomfortable the whole damn flight," Jill said tightly crossing her legs and trying to put her heel on her other heel to try and take some pressure off. "How much longer until we get to our destination?"

"Probably another 45 minutes to an hour," Neil said looking at his watch.

"Dammit," Jill said biting down on her lip as the plane began shaking a little bit.

"Folks we are experiencing some turbulence, so we would ask you to remain seated right now and to make sure that those bottles are secure," Amy said as she laughed as she must have known what was going on back there.

"I guess Amy has been on some flights with guys like us before," Neil and Jordan said as they clinked their bottles of urine together before dropping them on the floor and they rolled and came to a stop when they hit Jill's feet.

"Gross," Jill said as she used her foot to flick the bottles back in their direction. She couldn't believe that she was sitting there in a plane with her legs tightly crossed as bottles full of urine were rolling around on the floor.

She couldn't remember the last time she needed a bathroom this badly, and the turbulent flight certainly wasn't helping matters at all. Another 15 minutes passed and it seemed as though they had entered some type of time warp where time was going at a super slow pace.

"Anyone want something to drink," Neil said as he started shaking up his bottle of pee and laughing.

"Okay I can't take it anymore," Randall said as he finished drinking his sports bottle before turning his back to the rest of them and beginning to pee in it. Much to Jill's excruciating horror he was the loudest of all, and he seemed to be stopping and starting every couple of minutes in spurts. "Holy crap I don't think that this can hold all of it," Randall said as his bottle began spilling on the floor.

"Gross gross gross gross gross," Jill said saying a silent vow to herself that she would never get on another plane with guys like them until she had personally examined it to make sure that there was a bathroom on board.

The rest of the flight seemed as though it were going in increasingly slow-motion, which once again brought back to that theory that Jill had that they had entered a time warp where everything was slowing down. The fact that she was sitting there with urine on the floor and bottles of urine rolling around the plane was making her practically ready to scream.

"You know I still think I have to piss," Randall said. "I don't think I got all of it out."

"I didn't get any of it out," Jill said as she crossed her arms and crossed and uncrossed her legs and began pouting.

"Well we do have one empty bottle left if you want," Neil said holding up an empty sports bottle and offering it to Jill.

"You wish," Jill said not even sure how she would be able to use a bottle like that without peeing all over herself, especially with the turbulence and all of her winter clothing on.

"Well if you're not," Randall said as he grabbed the empty sports bottle and began going again.

"Jesus Christ you have to be freaking kidding me," Jill said as she closed her eyes and began humming to herself.

"Everybody buckle up we are going to be landing soon," Amy announced over the intercom.

"Finally!" Jill shouted digging her fingers into the fabric of her seat.

A few minutes later the plane came to a sudden stop.

"Now everybody get off of the plane in an orderly manner," Amy said as Jill practically threw off her seatbelt and was dancing at the exit to the plane as the guys got off before her.

"Jesus Christ where's the freaking bathroom!" Jill shouted as the guys all started going towards the men's room.

Jill stood in front of the ladies room which seemed to be occupied at the moment as Amy came up behind her.

"How do you deal with all of these flights without bathrooms," Jill said as she stood there holding herself and dancing in place.

"You know sometimes I've been tempted to use the bottle myself, if only it were easy to do that while piloting a plane in turbulent air," Amy said as Jill noticed that she was pressing her legs tightly together and gritting her teeth tightly. "I haven't gotten to go to the bathroom all day, these stops are extremely brief you know, and sometimes I have to get right back on the plane without even getting a pee break."

"I see," Jill said as she stood there with her legs trembling and biting her lip as she could see a look of true agony on Amy's face. As the door to the ladies room opened and she saw Amy practically in tears Jill bit down on her lip. "Go ahead, you need it more!"

"Thank you," Amy said briefly hugging Jill before running into the bathroom and slamming the door shut and letting loose with some of the loudest pissing that Jill had ever heard as Amy moaned with relief.

Jill stood there, legs still tightly crossed, patiently waiting and whistling to herself as Amy finished peeing but wasn't coming out of the bathroom. Jill stood there impatiently looking at her watch and standing on her tip toes before finally Amy came out with a look of extreme satisfaction on her face.

"Wow I had to go!" Amy said as Jill was about to run into the bathroom before Amy stopped her. "Which is why I feel so guilty over the fact that I totally used up the last of the water, as these toilets only have a limited amount of flushes every day."

"Look I'm not picky right now," Jill said before Amy stopped her again and shook her head.

"Sorry, it's totally against protocol, but don't worry there's another bathroom over there," Amy said as she pointed off far into the distance. "But thanks for letting me go first, you really are a lifesaver."

Jill was about to use the toilet in spite of the fact that she knew that it wouldn't flush before the guys came back.

"Come on Jill, we have to get on the next plane, there's no time," Randall said as he began pulling her towards the plane.

"Wait," Jill said with her knees pressed tightly together as she grabbed an empty bottle. "I'll be back in a few minutes."

As the guys were laughing they probably shouldn't have been as they didn't even have any idea just exactly where Jill was planning to stick that bottle once it was full!

*002*2022-10-07 15:07

Yes I have been thinking about this one for a very long time as when I first started reading about all of these things I remember I came across a story of a person who said that they were in an airplane with a bunch of guys and there was no bathroom and the guys were all just peeing in a bottle and I thought that that had to me the most torturous situation imaginable, but probably realistic because those small little planes tend not to have any bathrooms so it's probably one of those situations where the women frequently get stuck holding it.

