The messy exam

Author: Docmain321

*000*2022-12-07 22:47

It was the day before the big final exam and jay was studying hard. He had his head in books and online videos for weeks to make sure he was ready for this final test. The final test ever before he became a fully qualified mechanic. This was it do or die. If he failed this his dream was over. He was leaving nothing to chance. He had been keeping himself awake by drinking coffee and energy drinks to maximise his chances for retaining the info. He had been going to the toilet more and more but he didn’t think anything of it, he put it down to nerves.

He woke up in the morning and did his usual routine. He went downstairs and had breakfast. He had some fruit along with a full breakfast with all the trimmings and a couple of cups of coffee. He didn’t want to be hungry during the test and have his mind on his stomach. After breakfast he headed up stairs and and hopped into the shower. Usually he has to do his daily poop right after but he didn’t need. “Strange” jay thought “but hey more time to study”. He looked at his clock “time to get ready”. He took his pyjamas off and slipped his tight white boxers on followed by his socks and his skinny cargo trousers followed lastly by his work polo shirt.

Jay got into his car and started the 45 minute drive to the test centre. About 15 minutes from the centre he hit traffic. “Great, this is what I need when I have a test in 40 minutes”. Jays bladder had now refilled and was needing to pee. “God please hurry up, I can’t have a repeat of last time I was desperate in a car. I’m not going home this time Iv got a whole day ahead of me”. 10 minutes past and jay was now bursting. He loosened his seatbelt and grabbed his cock to ease the pain. The thoughts of engines and tests had now gone out his head. His thoughts now were of trying not to pee his pants. His bladder was begging for release but jay held on. He put his hand down his pants and gripped his cock which made him hard. The traffic started to move, his hand came out his pants but his hard 6 inches wouldn’t go back into his boxers so his waistband caught the top of it. “At least that’s keeping pressure on it while I drive”.

Jay arrived at the test centre, parked up and moved fast to get inside. One hand in his pocket to keep pressure on his dick so he didn’t have an accident. He sees his mates in the seating area prepping before they enter the exam hall. “Hey jay” Cole shouted to get his attention. Jay walked over to them. “hey guys, where’s the bathroom, I really got to piss, I got held up in traffic”. “It’s over there bro” Louis pointed. Jay rushed into the toilet and whipped his penis out and peed for a straight 2 minutes.

“Oh god I didn’t think I was going to make that” he sighed. He headed out the bathroom and sat next to his mates. The examiner came out and explained how the day was going to work. “Hi boys, I’m the examiner today so if you need anything please ask me”. “The first 3 hours of the exam will be the practical part. We will then break for an hour for lunch then we are back in for 2 hours to finish the theory. After that you will hopefully be fully qualified”. “We will start in 5 minutes so please get ready because once we start you will not be allowed to leave until you are done”. The boys seemed confident for the day ahead. “I better go for another piss before we go in” jay said. “Same” said Cole. About half the boys went into the toilet before the exam started.

The boys entered the room and took their positions at their engines. “Okay you have your instruction sheets next to you, remember of you need anything then ask me, good luck”.

An hour in and jay was on a roll, flying through his tasks. “Glad I stayed up and did all that revision, it’s clearly paying off”. Jay thought. Suddenly his stomach made a strange noise which caught the attention of some of the boys. “Oh god why is my stomach hurting now? I’m not nervous”? 10 minutes of pain later he realised what was wrong. The days of not pooping were obviously coming to an end. “No, no not now” he panicked. “Relax jay get a grip it’s just nerves, get your head in the game”.

10 minutes later the urge is too strong. “I can go to the toilet for a quick poop then back to work and still have enough time to get finished”. He went up to the examiner “can I go to the toilet please”? “No jay I’m sorry you can’t leave the room” the examiner replied. Jay panicked “what”. “You might cheat if you leave the room, and we can’t risk that”. The examiner whispered. “But I really have to go” jay pleaded. “Your just going to have to hold it, go back to work and you will probably forget about it” the examiner said.

15 minutes later jay was at breaking point. He went up to the examiner “ I really need to go to the bathroom please, it’s an emergency”. “Jay your 21, 21 year olds don’t have emergencies” the examiner hissed, starting to get mad. “They can’t do this to me can they? I’m an adult who needs the toilet getting treated like a child” jay thought. “So what am I supposed to do then”? He asked. “Just hold it in, you will be fine” the examiner replied. “But I can’t hold on, for real”. “Your just going to have to hold on. Your opinions are: hold on and wait. Leave the class to go to the bathroom and not be allowed back in which will result in a fail OR you go back to work and just have an accident” that’s the three options you have. There is some good news though” the examiner smiled. “Really” jay smiled “what’s that”

“you get to pick what option you want” the examiner laughed. Jay walked back to his bench. “Are you alright” Louis asked. “No, I really have to take a shit” jay answered. Louis laughed “we’ll go ask to use the toilet then”. “I did” jay responded. “What” Louis replied. “I did twice, and the answer was no” “really like they actually said no you can’t use the toilet”? “yes” jay said. “Apparently if you need the toilet, you either hold it, fail the course or use your pants”. “What option are you going for” Louis whispered. “Honestly option 1 isn’t an option at this point”. “Seriously” Louis asked surprisingly.”really said jay. “And I can’t fail this course, I have been doing it for so long and this is the end, I can’t fail now”. “Well good luck bro” Louis said hesitantly.

“I have to piss jay, like bad”. Louis said. “Good luck getting permission”. Jay replied still desperate for his release. “Can I please go to the toilet” Louis pleaded. “No like I said to another boy, you can’t leave the room unless you want to fail. No excuses”. The examiner barked. “Honestly don’t know how you boys can’t just hold on for 3 hours”. “I haven't peed since I left my house this morning” Louis answered. “And that’s my problem how” the examiner looked at Louis.

2 hours in, 1 hour to go. “I can’t hold on anymore Louis, I can feel it coming” jay said regrettably. “What do you mean” Louis replied. “Option 3”. Louis instantly looked at jay. He was hunched over. Jay decided to push. He could feel a long log push into his boxers. “Oh god, that feels good” jay thought as he kept pushing. Another 2 messy logs made their way into the seat of his boxers. Every push made his stomach feel better. Louis stared at his mate who was now resembling a little toddler making a mess in his pants. “Jay are you actually messing your pants”? Louis asked shockingly. He didn’t need an answer, he could see the large bulge in the back of jays pants as it grew bigger and bigger. Jay pushed one last time. He screwed his face up and grunted. Finally one last log was released into his now every tight boxers. He finally finished pushing and started panting after that hard effort he had just put in to that activity. He stood up and looked at Louis.

“Mate I honestly couldn’t hold it”. Louis looked shocked. A 21 year old had just shat himself and looked as if he enjoyed it. “Now what are you going to do” He asked. “I don’t know actually” jay replied. The sweet feeling of release how now vanished and fear and embarrassment was now in full affect. “I better tell the examiner” he said. Jay could hardly walk with the massive bulge sitting in the seat of his pants. “Option 3” jay said. “What” said the examiner. “ I had to pick option 3, I had no choice”. “I had an accident in my pants, can I please go and clean up” jay whimpered embarrassingly. “What part about no leaving the room don’t you get”. “ you can’t leave” the examiner shouted.

The other boys turned round. “What am I supposed to do”. “Your supposed to go back to your exam” the examiner said. “But I can barley walk let alone concentrate on my exam”. “Tough” the examiner replied. Can you phone my mum to being some clean boxers then”? Jay asked. “Did you actually just ask me to phone your mum to bring you clean pants because her 21 year old son has had an accident in his boxers”? “If that’s what you want I will”. Jay wrote down his mums number and gave it to the examiner. “Ok I will phone her, go back and finish your exam”. Jay waddled back to his bench.

The room was silent. “Hi is that jays mum? All the boys turned around. Yes it’s the examiner here, Jay has had a little bit of an accident and I need you to pop down” The boys looked at jay worryingly. “No no he’s not hurt or injured, he’s had a little accident in his pants and he’s requesting that you bring him some clean boxers to change into”. The boys turned and laughed at jay. They couldn’t believe a 21 year old had messed his boxers. A roar of laughter rang out even though some of them were close to having accidents themselves. “Get back to work all of you” the examiner shouted. He walked up to jay. “Bit of bad news, your mums not going to be able to come she’s busy at work”

“what am I supposed to do then” just sit in messy boxers all day”? “I don’t know Jay, just focus on the exam” he replied.

Jays pants and bum was a mess and he couldn’t do anything but stand there like a little kid, humiliated. “Jay, I think I might be choosing option 3” Louis whispered. “I honestly can’t hold it back anymore, I can’t hold on for the last 20 minutes”. Louis said nervously. “Excuse me, can I please go to the toilet, it’s an emergency” Louis asked. He thought he would be allowed to go since the bad situation that had just occurred with jay. “No there’s 20 minutes left just hold on”. “I honestly can’t” Louis replied. “You know the options Louis, you will have to pick one and that’s the last toilet request I want to hear today” the examiner shouted.

“Just do it in your pants like little boy jay over there” one boy laughed. Jay and Louis ignored them. “What does it feel like jay”? “Well I didn’t piss my pants, I only pooped so I don’t know”. He said depressingly. “I’m gonna pee my pants, it’s gonna happen” Louis said. “Just do it mate, you will feel better” jay replied. “How are you doing…….with you know” Louis asked nervously. “Have a look if you want” jay whispered. Jay turned around and Louis pulled the waistband of his boxers back. “There is so much in there, you must have been desperate”. “Yeh I was mate, that’s why I have a mountain of poop in my pants and I can’t change”. “I’m gonna have to just empty my boxers at lunch”.

Jay was working in his engine when he heard a “hsssssssss”. He looked over at Louis. He was pissing in his pants. Louis stood still, head up to the ceiling, clearly enjoying his sweet release. Louis stood there soaking his boxers which held the pee for about 2 seconds before his grey trousers turned nearly black. He finished up and let out a sigh of relief. “Man that feels better” Louis said. “You sure about that, your standing in peed pants”. Jay asked.

“Couldn’t hold it any more, so just let it go. My mums at home so I know she will come and give me clean boxers and trousers” Louis laughed. “Well arnt you lucky” jay replied. “Enjoy staying in your poopy boxers all day” Louis joked. “Excuse me, I had an accident, Iv peed in my pants”. Louis announced to the examiner. “Are you joking me, I have had 2 boys in their 20s mess and pee in their pants today”. He said shockingly. “I can give you my mums number so she can come with clean boxers”. “Wow” the examiner was done now he had had enough. “What’s her number”. Louis gave the number and walked back to his bench.

A minute later the examiner came up to Louis “your mums not picking up the phone”. “What” Louis panicked. “Try again” he demanded. “I have phoned 4 times and no answer, sorry mate, looks like you shouldn’t have peed in your boxers eh” he laughed. “Fuck what am I going to do” Louis asked jay. “ nothing, you can do nothing, your just going to have to sit in your wet pants”. Jay laughed.

During lunch Louis phoned his mum and managed to speak to her. Jay was in the toilet trying to clean up as much as he could. He came out and sat next to Louis. “Any luck”? Jay asked. “She’s not coming” Louis whispered. “Hahaha unlucky mate, I’m a bit cleaner now and at least I’m dry, why is she not coming”. “She said that if her 22 year old boy pees his pants he has to stay in his peed pants as punishment”. Louis said totally shamed. “That’s rough mate, try and dry off if you can”. Jay said.

Everyone went back into the class after lunch and took their seats. “Remember, no one is allowed to leave the class room under any circumstances” the examiner reminded everyone. The boys turned their papers over and began their exam. An hour in and jays stomach started to make noises again. “No not again, not again, surely there can’t be more” he thought. He needed to pee again but he knew he could hold that until the end. An hour and I will be fine.

30 minutes left and most of the boys were getting up and leaving the exam room since they had finished. Jay knew that he was not going to be allowed to leave. He pressed his bum into his seat to help the uncomfortableness of his situation. 5 minutes later he was desperate, he couldn’t concentrate on the exam. “I need to get this test finished or I’m going to fail”. Jay knew that he couldn’t concentrate and hold at the same time. “Well Iv done it once and it wasn’t that bad, plus there’s less people here.

If I just let go get the last couple of questions done, I can leave, clean up and get home and no one will notice”. Jay shifted his weight to one of his body so one bum cheek was off the seat. He gave a large push and a big size log made its way into the seat of his pants. “Oh god that feels better, gross but better he thought”. Another made it’s way out and nestled next to the other one. He got back into his test and finished the last few questions. “Done, thank god that’s over, still desperate to pee” he thought.

He stood up and could feel the mess in his pants, it was hard to walk so he had to semi waddle. He took his papers and gave them to the examiner. “Thanks jay, you can sit back down now” the examiner whispered. “But Iv finished, I’m leaving” jay whispered. “No you can’t levae there’s only 20 minutes left and no one can leave in the last 20 minutes so they don’t disturb the people finishing up” the examiner replied. “But I have to pee” jay said. “Not this again, sit down you can hold on for 20 minutes”.

The examiner sniffed the air. “Have you pooped in your pants again”? “No” jay replied. And went back to his seat. The examiner watched him waddle back to his seat. It was evident that jay had went in his pants again. 10 minutes to go and the examiner walks up and down the rows. He passed jay. “I really have to pee, I can’t hold it anymore” jay begged. “Your not leaving, there’s only 10 minutes left, plus you have clearly already had an accident again so you might as well just pee yourself too”. The examiner said and walked away.

Jay felt a spurt leave his penis and a little wet patch on his boxers. “Fuck no no” he thought. A minute later another spurt come out. 5 minutes later the flood gates open. Jay is holding on but it’s not doing anything the boxers and trousers are getting soaked. The chair he was sitting in was flooded. He gave up and sat properly in his chair. The shit in has pants getting squashed against his bum. The remaining boys looked at him and started laughing “not again for god sake, you need help jay” the examiner shouted. “Time up, you may leave, goodbye”. “Louis, help your messy friend out of the room and to the toilet”. Jay stood up wet and messy and walked to the toilet with Louis. “Just go I will be fine mate” jay said with tears in his eyes”. “Stay here I will be back, you can’t get into your car like that you will ruin it, I will come back with clean clothes” Louis replied.

20 minutes later Louis comes back into the toilet. “I’m sorry jay but the shop didn’t have clothes, they only sold underwear, this is all they had”. He held out a pack of small briefs which were cleary too small for jay. He got cleaned up and put the small pants on. Ok jay they looked more like a thong but he had no choice. “Didn’t realised you had such a big bum and dick” Louis laughed. “Shut up I’m getting crushed in these things”. Jay didn’t want to put his trousers back on so he wrapped a jumper round his waist and help Louis coat in front. They got to his car bad he gave Louis coat back to him. “Well done for passing mate” Louis said. “Same to you bro, and thank for helping me out today, I honestly couldn’t hold it”Jay replied. “Cleary not, they were some accidents you had. Enjoy your new pants”he joked. The boys got into their cars, waived and drive off.

