The School Council Meeting (male and female desperation and wetting)

Author: Despguy123

*000*2019-08-19 13:21

A story I wrote a few years ago that I recently found on my hard drive, hope you enjoy! It involves two 18 year old final year British secondary school students, Alex and Amy, who are part of the school council (a group of students who are elected to represent the views of all pupils and to improve their school), and find themselves in a rather desperate predicament during a council meeting, along with their teacher.

“Alex, are you coming or not?” Alex looked around to see his friend Amy calling him over. She was, of course, talking about the school council meeting, the last one of the term, scheduled to last until at least 5.00pm that evening. He sighed inwardly, he’d been on his way to the toilets just the other side of the hall, but he was too shy to admit to Amy that he was badly needing a pee. He could probably hold it until the meeting finished, he reasoned as he followed her up to the classroom, it’s not that bad.

But it was. It had been a warm day, and he’d had a couple of cans of coke as well as downing a large water bottle. It was just after 3.30pm and he had not been to the toilet since he woke up early that morning. All that liquid had made an impact on his bladder, which was uncomfortably full, and although he hated using the school toilets and would rather wait until he got home, he’d urgently set off towards them as soon as the bell rang at the end of the school day. That’s when Amy, a friend he’d known since Primary School, had called him over, and he’d reluctantly joined her, trying to forget his discomfort.

Little did he know, Amy was far from comfortable herself. Unlike Alex, she would usually use the school toilets at lunchtime, but today she had not had time to go on account of an urgent meet-up of the yearbook committee, which she was dragged along to by a friend before she could protest. Now, as she climbed the stairs next to Alex, she felt her bladder throb slightly with every step she took, but it was too late to go back and pee now, and besides, she didn’t want to annoy Alex, who seemed troubled by something. She’d just have to bite her lip and wait it out.

As they entered the classroom, they were both surprised by how hot it was. “Sorry folks” said Miss Stelfox, the attractive young teacher chairing the meeting, “the windows in here don’t open, but there’s nothing I can do I’m afraid. It is warm, I know, but there’s plenty of water to go around”, and she placed the last few water jugs on the tables. She was dressed in her usual outfit of tight fitting shirt, skirt, black tights and high heels, and Alex admired the curves on her perfectly shaped body. They found a couple of empty seats to the side, and sat down next to one another, noticing how few people had turned up, and after a few minutes of chit-chat the meeting started. Alex had some points he wanted to raise, and he temporarily forgot about his need to relieve himself as he concentrated on perfecting the arguments he would put forward.

It was 45 minutes into the meeting, and as Alex drained his glass for the second time, he felt a twinge of discomfort in his bladder, the feeling of fullness much more pronounced than before. He crossed his ankles under the table, and sighed quietly as he saw how long he still had to wait. Miss Stelfox was pressing them eagerly for new ideas or solutions to the proposals they had put forward, quite the slave driver, and Alex was finding it harder and harder to concentrate on the task in hand. He looked around, and noticed that Amy had her legs crossed quite tightly, and was jiggling her foot around. She must have sensed his eyes on her, because she looked at him, smiling sheepishly.

“I really need the loo”, she whispered, and Alex noticed the anxious look on her face. He just smiled sympathetically, as he was too nervous to tell anyone about his own need, which was growing by the minute. He bit his bottom lip, crossed his ankles the opposite way, and jiggled his knees. It was no good, he was really bursting now, and would have to find some way of easing the pressure on his bladder. Despite his need, Alex was thirsty again, and took hold of the jug, trying not to wince as the water trickled into his glass. He briefly considered asking if he could quickly go to the toilet and come back, but he was embarrassed just thinking about it. No, he could hold it.

15 minutes of the meeting left to go, and now he wasn’t so sure. All he could think about was the relentless, throbbing ache in his bladder. By now, he had lost all track of the meeting, and kept glancing up at the clock every few seconds, appalled at how slowly time seemed to be ticking by. He looked across at Amy, and noticed the way she was leaning forward slightly, onto the table. As he watched, she crossed her legs the other way, then back again, frantically bobbing her knees and tapping her feet on the floor. She looked up at him, and Alex saw that she had placed her hand between her tightly crossed thighs, squeezing it between them, so high up that she was almost reaching up underneath her short school uniform skirt. She had been drinking several glasses water throughout the meeting and was clearly just as desperate as he was, if not more so, and he felt a strong sympathy towards her plight. Amy whispered ‘I’m so desperate for a wee… I don't know if can hold it, aah oh noooo!’

She gave a little squeak, so quiet that only Alex heard it, and thrust a hand deep into her crotch, and leaned forward so far that her head was almost touching the hard wooden surface of the table. Alex looked up and noticed Miss Stelfox giving him a questioning look, and he lied ”Pen, she’s er, dropped it under the table.” The strain in his voice was obvious, but the teacher didn’t seem to notice. The discomfort Alex was feeling was merciless, and it felt like his bladder was the size of a balloon.

He reached down, and discreetly as he could, he loosened his belt, squeezing his dick through his grey school trousers for a second, relishing the temporary relief it gave him. Forgetting his embarrassment, he whispered to Amy “There’s ten minutes left. I need to go too, really badly, it’s not long now’. She looked up at him, and nodded, glancing up at the clock and bobbing up and down in her chair. ‘Thanks for that, by the way, what you said to Miss’ she whispered, drawing in a tight breath through her teeth.. Alex could only nod, his mind focused on holding on for the final few minutes.

All this went unnoticed by Miss Stelfox, of course, as she was also totally desperate to pee. Like Alex, she had meant to use the toilet before the meeting, but she had got caught up in conversation with the head of department. She had been drinking plenty of water all day to stay hydrated in the hot weather, and had drunk a cup of tea at break, and two cups at lunch. She would normally have used the lady’s toilets at any chance she got, but as she was covering lessons for a couple of teachers who were away on maternity leave, and had been in a rush all day, she hadn’t emptied her bladder since 7.00am that morning.

Having a teacher’s iron bladder helped, and she was used to holding her pee for prolonged periods of time. But now, incredibly desperate, and was struggling not to break out in a full blown pee-pee dance. Whenever she got a chance to sit down, she would pretend to smooth down her skirt, secretly pressing a hand against her crotch, crossing her legs tightly. Just as she was addressing the remaining couple of points, she had to stand up and write something on the board.

As she rose from the chair, she felt a small jet of pee leak out into her panties. She gasped, and bent forward, hands pushed into her vagina. She heard muttering and giggles behind her, and, blushing furiously, she turned to face the room. Crossing her legs tightly, she leant forward, one hand resting against the desk and one on the front of her skirt. There wasn’t a wet patch, but there would be one soon if she didn’t release the ocean of urine inside her tortured bladder in the next few minutes. ‘Guys, we’re gonna have to finish. I’m sorry, I need a wee, I haven’t had a chance to go all day, we’ll pick this up next meeting, sorry but I have to go right this minute. God, I need a wee, I need a wee, I need a wee’. She muttered this to herself as she packed up her laptop, stepping from foot to foot in a frantic effort to halt the flow of urine aching to escape.

Alex and Amy both jolted up, immediately making for the door. There was a scrum of people, all trying to get out at the same time, and they had to wait a few more agonising moments. Now that they had stood up, they began to feel the effect of gravity on their heavy, sloshing bladders, and the pain rose to an almost unbearable level. Amy crossed her legs, and gave a moan of frustration, bending forwards with her arms crossed over her bladder. ‘Hurry up, come on, come on’ she moaned quietly, but Alex, conscious of Miss Stelfox only a few paces away, could only give himself a quick grab when he thought nobody was looking, and stood with one foot out in front of him.

Seeing that the crowd had now dispersed, he beckoned for Amy to follow him, and with gritted teeth, he headed out of the door. They walked quickly (or as quickly as they could in their current desperate state) down the stairs, into the small lobby where a number of corridors in the main school block met. The other attendees had all gone straight out, and it was very quiet, as the cleaners had already been and gone. He was about to open the door leading to the corridor which housed the boy’s toilets, when he saw a sign taped to the wall:

Notice:

If you are using these corridors in the evening, please remove your shoes before entry. Footwear may leave marks on the floor surface as the new varnish has just dried – Maintenance Staff.

Sighing with annoyance at the delay, he bent down to untie his school shoes, and Amy, reading the sign, gave a little squeak of frustration, but did the same. It had been a very warm day and Alex's black socks were a little damp with sweat, and as he struggled to take off his shoes his bladder pulsed agonisingly. He had no choice but to stop for a moment to hold himself, hoping that Amy hadn't noticed. Eventually managing to kick his shoes off, he let go of himself and opened the door to the corridor, turning to Amy as he did so. “Meet you back here” he stammered, and, letting the door close behind him, he hurried down the corridor in his socks. Now he was on his own, he finally undid his belt, letting it hang loose in front of him.

Grappling with his fly, he unzipped his trousers and thrust a hand down his pants. Gripping his dick tightly, he felt a couple of drops leak out as his bladder screamed in protest, expecting a chance to release the torrent of urine forcing its way out. After what seemed like an eternity, Alex reached the door to the Boys toilets. He breathed a sigh of relief, and pushed. It didn’t move. He pushed again, and briefly wondered why it wasn’t opening. His bladder throbbed hard, and the pain in his urethra was excruciating now he was so close to relief. Suddenly, a thought hit him like a physical blow. The cleaners… they’d finished for the night.

And part of their job was to… ‘Clean the toilets, oh fuck, no, arrrrgh’ he groaned in frustration. They’d locked the toilets up for the night, and Alex swore out loud in annoyance, stamping his foot before bringing it up quickly behind him, then doing the same with the opposite one. Relief had seemed so close, and now he was helpless, unable to move for fear of wetting himself. He stood there for a minute or so, bending almost double, one hand on the toilet door, the other gripped tightly around his leaking dick, legs crossed under him. Grunting with the effort, he twisted himself around, leaning back against the locked toilet door, the only thing preventing him from finally satisfying his urgent need to urinate, pressing his thighs together.

He slid down until he was in a crouch, and sat there, breathing heavily, shuddering as he desperately waited for the wave of pressure to subside. But it didn’t. Shaking and gasping in pain, he felt his bladder give one last pulse, harder and more urgent than before. He could feel the drops leaking from the tip of his cock turn into a trickle, and he barely had time to stand up and whip out his leaking dick before a mighty stream erupted from him. He aimed directly at the toilet door, and his golden urine arched in the air before hitting the door with a heavy splash, gushing down it and gathering on the newly varnished floor in a rapidly growing puddle of warm piss. The feeling was incredible, the never-ending gushing flow forcing its way down his urethra and out into the open, drenching the corridor. Alex didn’t notice any of this, however, as he had his eyes closed, in a world of bliss.

Meanwhile, Amy was having problems of her own. Hampered by her overfull bladder, she had kicked off her shoes and hurried slightly bent-over along the quiet corridor, taking small steps while trying to keep her thighs pushed together, her navy blue knee-high school socks sliding over the slippery floor as she walked. The girls' toilets were right at the other end of the corridor and several times on the way she had to stop to reach underneath her skirt and give herself a hard squeeze through her knickers with both hands, bending over while crossing her thighs tightly over her hands, but eventually she made it to the toilet door. She held herself one final time; it would be all over in just a few seconds, and pushed into the door with her body. She bounced back away from it, and in her surprise, another spurt of piss had soaked into her underwear.

‘Oh for God’s sake please, not now, please not now, oh!’ she muttered under her breath, desperately clamping off the flow. It was locked, and Amy briefly considered rushing off to try the other girls' loos situated in the same building, but the thought of running made her tremble as she imagined her bladder bouncing around inside of her. She was bent double, both hands forced down between her legs, dancing frantically from foot to foot. 'Ooh I'm gonna wee myself, what do I do, what I do?' she whined. Suddenly, she gave a gasp of alarm, feeling more warm pee trickling out, soaking her fingers and soaking her underwear even more.

She couldn’t believe she was even thinking about what she was planning on doing next, but there really was no other option. She was right on the brink of completely wetting herself right outside of the locked toilet door, with absolutely nowhere to wee. She glanced quickly up and down the corridor as another spurt of wee trickled out of her, longer this time, and began to dribble slowly down her thighs. She gave a loud sigh, and in one swift movement she squatted down and relaxed. She felt a pleasant, warm sensation as her knickers quickly dampened then a quiet hissing sound as her pee trickled through her underwear and slowly puddled onto the shiny floor beneath.

She moaned out loud with relief as her piss flowed out of her, absolutely drenching her underwear and trickling steadily into the ever-expanding puddle around her feet. She thought about stopping the flow, after all, surely she had released enough pressure, surely she could wait now until she got home. But she couldn't stop it. She wouldn't have stopped it for the world. She closed her eyes and smiled and she continued to noisily relieve her bladder, the sound of her sighs, moans and the steady trickling and hissing of piss filling the quiet corridor, not even caring that the puddle had reached her feet and the bottom of her socks were quickly becoming drenched in her wee.

As the slow waterfall of urine escaping from her resided slowly into a trickle, a massive puddle of warm pee surrounding her and covering a fairly large section of the corridor outside the girls' toilets, she couldn’t help but give a shiver of pleasure and moan softly again, muttering 'Ooh that's so much better'. She looked around again, smiling contentedly, and stood up before walking slowly back down the corridor, stepping through her puddle carefully and leaving a trail of wet footprints on the varnished floor behind her. The soles of her socks were drenched with pee and her knickers were soaking wet, clinging to her uncomfortably, and she was slightly sweaty and red faced, but that didn't matter to her at all. After hours and hours of desperately holding on, she had finally relieved her bladder, and it felt amazing.

Meanwhile, on the opposite side of the building, Miss Stelfox hurried down the stairs as fast as her heels would allow her to, her footsteps echoing loudly, making a beeline for the women's staff toilets. As soon as the few remaining students had left the classroom she’d thrust a hand in between her legs, pushing against her vagina, feeling the dampness of her underwear, and grabbing her bag, she’d hurried out the room, dancing frantically from foot to foot, struggling to lock the door behind her.

Presently, she reached the bottom of the stairs and hurried over to the corridor where the staff toilets were located as quickly as she could. She skim-read a sign about removing footwear, the same one Alex and Amy had seen just further down the hall, and sighed as she stepped quickly out of her heels and bobbed down to pick them up. She threw open the door and padded down the corridor in her tights, trying not to slip on the floor, and just as she reached the women's loo she gasped at the sign taped to the door, at the same time involuntarily raising her right foot up behind her and stamping it down.

Out of Order – Please Use Toilets in Technology/Geography buildings

‘Oh you’re joking me’ she said out loud, looking around. But there was nobody about, and she tried to push open the door anyway, but to no avail. It was firmly locked and wouldn’t budge, despite her pressing her body against it and pushing it as hard as she could, several times. Her desperation had tripled now she was so close to relief, and she couldn’t help but do a little pee-pee dance, her black tights rasping loudly against her skirt as she tried to subdue her aching bladder. Taking quick shallow breaths, she leant back against the wall, her right leg raised behind her ass, cupping her crotch tightly under her skirt through her tights.

She moaned out loud in frustration. What was she going to do? She couldn't remember ever being this desperate to pee, ever having to hold her achingly full bladder for so many hours, ever being this close to letting go and totally soaking herself. She didn't know if she could hold on long enough to walk across the school to the tech block, and even if she did manage to get there without peeing herself, would she be able to get in now that most of the school was locked up for the night? She wasn't even sure that she had the key, as she never usually taught any lessons in that building. She would have to think of something on the way, standing around wouldn’t help.

Sweating slightly with the effort, she hurried further along the corridor towards the exit, her feet slipping and sliding over the shiny surface of the floor, before eventually reaching the end of the corridor, where a doorway led into a small foyer, then out onto the school yard. She put down her heels and stepped into them carefully, gave her crotch one last hard squeeze under her skirt, took a deep breath and set out across the concrete, struggling to keep her thighs pressed together as she walked. Her heels clicked erratically on the ground, her legs all over the place, and she had to stop suddenly, feeling a few trickles of wee running down her tights, dribbling down slowly towards her feet.

‘Oh god, oh god, please no, oh god, no, please’ she muttered under her breath, and she bent over, pretending to be searching for something in her bag. Hoping against hope that nobody could see her, she thrust her free hand under her skirt, feeling the dampness of her tights, and glanced around for somewhere discrete where she could finally squat down and relieve her rock hard, throbbing bladder. But there was nowhere nearby, and she had no choice but to bite her lip and straighten up, carrying on slowly towards the tech block taking small steps, in the hope of finally reaching a loo.

She had only been walking for a few seconds before she had to stop and cross her legs, feeling herself leaking pee again, just a few more dribbles at first, slowly soaking her underwear and trickling down her tights, before a sudden waterfall of piss exploded from her, quickly soaking through her already wet knickers and steadily pouring down onto the concrete below her, as well as down her legs towards her shoes.

She moaned quietly, her cheeks burning with embarrassment, and realising that there was just no way she could hold on any more, she hurriedly uncrossed her legs and kicked her heels off, letting the feeling of relief slowly wash over her as she spectacularly emptied her bladder right there in the middle of the school yard, absolutely soaking her knickers, tights and skirt with warm piss that she had held back for so many hours. She couldn’t move, she couldn’t do anything but stand and sigh quietly with relief as a never-ending torrent of urine escaped her and pooled steadily around her feet, the puddle underneath her spreading out impressively far across the concrete.

After a couple of minutes, the last few drops dribbled out of her, and she looked around, blushing harder than she ever had in her life but relishing the feeling of finally being able to relieve herself after an entire day of holding on. There was nobody around, and she felt a little better knowing that her very public accident had not been witnessed by anyone else. She glanced at the huge puddle of pee she was standing in and actually felt a small sense of pride, as she couldn't believe that she had managed to wait for so long or hold such a huge amount inside her bladder. She walked over to where she'd left her heels and picked them up, happy that she had at least avoided peeing all over them. Unfortunately though, her underwear, skirt and tights were absolutely soaked with pee, which were starting to feel quite cold despite the warm evening air, so she hurried to the car park, leaving a little trail of pee footprints behind her.

Luckily for her, she made it to her car without being spotted, and was able to discretely take off her sodden tights and put them into a plastic bag in the back of her car. She left her soaking wet skirt and underwear on, and put down some more plastic bags to protect her car seat, driving home barefoot. After she arrived back home, she put her clothes in the wash, and had a long, hot shower. Despite the embarrassment she was still feeling, as she let the hot water run over her body she couldn't help but think back to the moment when she had lost control and pee had finally exploded out of her, and how incredible it had felt to relieve her bladder after being absolutely bursting to go for so many hours. She dried off, and lay in bed, naked, waiting for her fiancé’s imminent return from work.

Fortunately for her, Alex and Amy hadn’t noticed Miss Stelfox at all. Still tingling with the pleasure of their relief, they had met back the entrance to the corridors, each assuming that the other had found the toilets open and emptied their bladders in the usual way. They walked home together, not saying a word of what they had just done, but each secretly thinking about it for the rest of the night. Over the weekend, the various puddles around the school slowly dried up, and nobody else found out what had happened. The following week, Amy had asked “When’s the next council meeting, is it the first week back after the holidays?” and Alex couldn’t help but laugh.

*006*2019-08-20 10:45

{{12 hours ago, Mbgpeelover said:

Now that was one of th best stories I have read on here. Believable, well written, some great characters and interesting scenarios. I loved every minute of it and it reminded me of the many after school meetings I attended with a very bursting bladder too! Can’t wait for more!

}}

Thank you! I was actually inspired to write it after attending similar meetings/revision sessions/coursework catch ups after school while bursting to go, as the toilets would always be locked afterwards much to my frustration. I would love to hear more about some of your meetings!

{{12 hours ago, pwpj said:

An amazing and truly believable story, thanks. Maybe Alex and Amy could feature again, perhaps a desperate moment on a walk home if they both avoid using the loos?

}}

That is a good idea. I used to have a 30 minute walk home from school and would often be desperate to go, as would some of my friends I’d be walking with. I remember one girl having to sprint to the public toilets in the middle of the town centre before she wet herself, because she had not had chance to pee all day and the toilets were locked after school.

