Desperation At The Theater

Author: desp2Cudesp

*000*2025-05-01 04:57

Wrote this about 3 years ago and shared it on reddit. Figured I'd share it here as well!

Story is from the perspective of a 18yo Female

My boyfriend decided to take me on a movie and dinner date. I opted to wear my cute red dress and no panties (for easy access of course). He takes me to a fancy little restaurant not too far from the theater and while I'm there, I suck down 2 teas without any hesitation. After we get done at the restaurant, he takes me to the theater and I was already starting to have to pee but I didn't have time to stop by the bathroom since we were running a bit late. So we quickly grabbed some snacks and a large soda. You know, the bucket size ones that they have at theaters.

We sit down and start watching the movie and it sucks me in so fast. The story is really compelling. So compelling in fact that I had been absent mindedly drinking this soda and before I knew it, it was all gone. My boyfriend barely drank any and I knew I was gonna be in trouble. As soon as I realized this, I could notice my bladder starting to full up. We were maybe 30 minutes into the movie and my bladder was already at a 5/10. I was starting to get visibly uncomfortable and was fidgeting. My boyfriend noticed this and with a slight grin on his face, leans over to ask me "what's the matter? Do you have to pee?" I just get flustered and nod back at him.

We're now an hour into the movie and my bladder is at an 8/10. I'm starting to get really full but I don't want to go to the bathroom because the movie is just getting really good. Almost as if the intensity of the movie directly correlated with the intensity of the pressure in my bladder. I was just hoping that my bladder wouldn't reach a climax at the same time as the movie.

It was getting close to the end and my bulging bladder was aching for relief. At this point I had to lift the back of my dress up so my bare ass was on the seat because I didn't want to get it wet in the event that I start to leak. It's not like I had the thin cotton barrier of my panties to absorb any of it. My leg was now constantly bouncing and my thighs were tightly together to help keep the flood gates (aka, my pee hole) closed.

Finally the end credits start to roll. I sigh in relief as I can finally go to the bathroom and empty my poor bladder. Just as I start to get up, my boyfriend stops me and says, "hold on! Remember there's an end credits scene!" I sit back down and quietly lean over to him and say "but babe, I'm seriously about to burst." My voice shaky from how desperate I am. He just simply smirks and says "I know." And puts his hand up under my dress and rests his fingers right against the lips of my pussy. I quietly gasp. I did not expect him to do that.

I sit and watch as the credits slowly roll by and the pressure slowly continues to build in my bladder. My pee hole is quivering at this point. All my muscles in my pelvis are so tired at this point that they can barely hold on. The end credits scene starts to play and...

"OH god..." I desperately whisper as to not alert any one of what's going on. My pee hole couldn't stay constricted anymore and immediately let's a short stream of hot piss past my lips and onto his fingers. I feel it start to pool a bit under my thighs and I almost start to enjoy the relief before I realize if I keep going it's going to start splashing on the floor and making a bunch of noise. So with all the strength I can muster, I clench my pee hole shut again as I look over at my boyfriend. He's just smiling and I can see his cock about to tear through his jeans. He's loving this, meanwhile I'm mortified as I've just peed all over this theater chair.

The end credits scene ends and we get up. Thankfully they only barely turned up the theater lights because I turned around and saw the massive wet spot almost completely encompassing the seat. Hopefully no one would notice until the next screening comes on. My bladder was still dying for relief. We walk out and I try to walk towards the bathroom but my boyfriend just grabs my hand and pulls me along to walk outside to the car. "I really have to pee!" I tell him but he just says "that's too bad." And continues to pull me out of the theater. It's dark outside now and he had parked his car in a back area of the lot, conveniently in the dark.

We get out to his car and immediately start making out very passionately. My desperation had made him so horny I could tell he just wanted me. He folds down the seats in the back of his car. I know the drill. We're both very young adults still living with our strict parents. It's not like we can go home to have sex. He lays down and pulls his cock out. He wan't me on top. I oblige and still wearing my dress I climb on top. He pulls my dress up to my waist so he can get a better view of my now very wet pussy and my bulging bladder. This entire time I'm still on the verge of pissing myself. My cheeks turn red and I look at him in anticipation. He gives me the same look. I lower my pussy down onto his dick and oh god... as soon as it goes in I can feel it pressing against my bladder. 

I couldn't hold it anymore and just as I'm about to pull up, he moves his hips up pushing his cock further into me. I loudly moan and pull myself the rest of the way off of his cock. My bladder can't take it anymore. The second his head passes out of my vagina, a very strong stream of piss starts hissing out of me all over his cock. "Oh I couldn't hold it!" I moan as this torrent of piss comes out of me. He starts jerking off as my hot piss keeps soaking his dick. I just feel so relieved to finally be able to let go. It's so much piss I could have re filled that soda cup and then some. As I'm getting close to finishing, he sticks his cock back inside me, now very warm and wet. I start riding him and with every bounce, a little more pee comes out adding to my relief until he finally relieves his load of cum inside of me. We lay down and continue kissing while laying in a puddle of my piss.

Not very out of the ordinary for date night. At least not for us.

