Long day at the office

Author: Dimwitrolo

*000*2016-12-22 07:16

I decided a while ago to start my own fic, so I started an interactive story. Turns out I really enjoy writing omo-fics, so I'm going to do a quick one here, hope you enjoy it.

'Another day, another dollar' Anna thinks to herself, unenthusiastically, as she waits in the elevator. Anna taps her foot and look at her watch. 6.50. Late again, Jim won't be pleased, he's been on about Anna's punctuality all week. And the week before that, and before that. Not that it really bothered Anna - what was ten minutes going to mean by the way of work. So what if she can't take a customer call, someone else can. And she can do over time anyway to make up for it.

The elevator doors slide open as it reaches the eighth floor.

'Hey Ann, how've you been?' asks Amy, one of Anna's co-workers

'Oh you know, nothing new, how about yourself?'

Oh, Jim says I might be in line for a promotion soon, He's going to put a word in with his seniors and then...

Anna's morning goes on with few events. Dealing with calls, the occasional sarcastic remark, the occasional old woman who can't tell her microwave from her desktop. The usual stuff.

At about 11:30 Anna decides to get herself a cup of coffee from the kitchen. Not because she's even thirsty or tired, but because she's so bored. Waiting for the kettle to boil, Anna looks down at herself. Grey pencil skirt and white blouse, grey tights and black shoes. Even her clothes, smart as they are, are boring. The only colour from Anna is her pink lips and blonde hair, tied in a ponytail behind her with a black hair-band.

'Some days are just meant to be boring' Anna says aloud to no-one in particular. The kettle finishes, and Anna finishes making her coffee. Two sugars and milk, same as always. Picking up her cup, she heads back to her desk, looking around the office as she does. Grey carpet. White walls. White ceiling. Wooden desks with grey computers. Most of the desks are empty where it's the weekend. Boring, boring, boring.

By 12.30 Anna has finished her first coffee, so she goes on her lunch break. Usual stuff, sandwich from the canteen on the ground floor, another coffee, and a trip to the toilet before she heads back. Actually, no. 'Not today'. Anna thinks to herself at the bathroom doors. 'Let's see how long I can go without going to the loo' Anna decides, in an attempt to get something interesting out of the day. Feeling a slight pressure on her bladder, Anna heads back to her office

A funny feeling sweeps over Anna in the elevator back up. Usually with her bladder this full she'd leave her desk and go to the toilet, even if it wasn't a break. But now Anna feels an almost daring feeling, even at something as mundane as not using the toilet. 'Actually', Anna thinks. 'Let's see how much I can hold....'. Anna smirks to herself as she makes her decision. Today Anna will amuse herself by drinking as much coffee as she can, and by not using the toilet. 'The feeling of a full bladder is more engaging than a weekend at work' she reasons.

Reaching her floor at 12.35, Anna makes herself another coffee. Now the office is entirely empty, with everyone else having left for the weekend, but Anna is staying to make up for lateness. On the plus side, this means no one will see Anna drinking so much coffee.

1.00 pm, and Anna walks back into the kitchen again. She puts the kettle on, and leans against the counter. Her bladder feels quite full now, and usually Anna would be looking for the toilet if she was out. But she's not out. So she pours herself another coffee, and heads to her desk.

1.30, Anna's back again. Another coffee

2.00, Anna walks into the kitchen, again. Not only does she need to pee badly now, she's completely jittery from the caffeine. 'Maybe that's enough coffee for now' she thinks. 'But there's always water...' Anna pours herself a cup of water, and downs it. Then another. Then a third. Three is enough, and Anna heads back to her desk, feeling quite desperate now

By 2.30 Anna is rocking back and forth in her chair. No calls since lunch, but Anna still gets paid just for being there. 'Just another half hour' she thinks aloud. 'Then I'll only have an hour left until I can leave. I-I can hold it' she tells herself, not sure if she believes it

3.pm comes and Anna has both hands jammed into her crotch. She leans back and forth in her chair quite viciously as she fights against desperate urges to pee. Just thinking about peeing makes Anna more desperate. The thought of sitting on the toilet, the cool touch of the seat, and the hot release of her bladder. The gentle hiss as her pee flows out, and the splashing it makes as it hits the water....Anna can't get these thoughts out of her head. Instead, other thoughts come. You could always just go, they tell her. Imagine how good it would feel, and without the hassle of even leaving your chair....

Anna fights these thoughts off, though it is a losing battle, as each thought she ignores is replaced by two more. Thoughts of relief, satisfaction and joy. She imagines the heat of her pee, splashing against her thighs as it pours out onto her felt chair, being absorbed by the dark fabric. She imagines the pleasant shiver of relief travelling her spine when she relaxes, and the hot mess she'd leave behind. 'She has to stop imagining these things before they become real', she thinks.

By 3.15 Anna can't think of anything but her screaming bladder. The thoughts of just letting go begin to swamp her mind, as the prize of relief begins to rival the cost of soaking her grey skirt and tights, which would turn a dark black as they absorbed her entire day's accumulation of pee. Anna presses her hands even harder against her crotch. Sweat already has dampened her inner thighs where her hands have been clamped to them for so long. At least Anna thinks it's sweat. Didn't John from accounting say that sweat and pee were basically the same stuff? and that when you were well hydrated your pee was effectively clean. Anna certainly knows that if you keep drinking and using the toilet her pee comes out clear and odourless, like warm water. But this isn't one of those cases, and Anna hasn't pee'd since she left home. 'Speaking of home, what time is it?' Anna asks aloud, again asking no-one. 'Only 3.20? Oh come on.....'

By 3.25 Anna can feel her bladder start to harden as it draws close to its maximum. It hurts to sit down, so Anna is forced to stand up, leaning against her desk. Anna pushes her office chair away, and kicks off her shoes. She knows that she's hasn't long left, and decides that enough is enough. Leaving her shoes at her desk, Anna walks down the office to the staff toilets. Hands clamped firmly against her crotch still, each step is painful. Anna can barely look up as she walks almost bent over, sticking her ass out behind her.

She's certain her skirt isn't covering her ass any more, it having been rolled up so high by her legs shifting. She pulls one hand off her crotch to feel, and she discovers she was right, her skirt has travelled well above the base of her ass, and is revealing her white panties under her grey stockings. Anna, not one to walk around bearing so much, tries to pull the skirt down. The force used to move her skirt down, little as it is, distracts her body's attempts to halt her bladder, and Anna launches a jet of piss into her tights, with a silence-shattering hiss.

Anna yelps slightly, thrusting her hands back into her crotch and halting the burst. She stands still for a moment, not quite believing that she was about to wet herself for the first time since school. The subtle smell of hot, fresh pee wafts up toward Anna, and she begins to move again. She wouldn't, she couldn't wet herself. She'd not pee'd herself once since that one time in school, even after she'd had a few drinks or long car journeys. She remembers the time in school...

A class presentation, standard stuff. Each student talks about a topic they were told to study over the weekend at the front of the class. Some kids made posters, some kids made themselves look silly. Anna was so excited for her presentation. The class had been studying biology, and Anna had done her presentation on the bladder and kidneys. However, as the class went on, and students did their presentations and Anna waited, she felt her own bladder filling. She felt nothing of it at the time, why, she was a teenager now. Teenagers don't wet themselves in school, she had told herself. Finally her turn to present came up, and Anna walked to the front of the class, careful not to drop her presentation. Her presentation was quite good, she had to admit - she had put a lot of effort into researching the topic and making her poster look pretty.

She was almost done... 'and when the bladder gets full' she explained, shuffling foot to foot, her dark-blue skirt pressed in between her legs, 'wh-when the bladder gets full you go to the toilet, but if you don't go, go in time then...then.......' she trailed off. 'Then what, Annie?' her teacher asked. Anna answered the question, but she didn't open her mouth. Her young bladder gave way, and a golden stream spilt down her legs, staining her white socks and pooling around her feet and in her shoes. The class was silent, save the gentle splatter of her pee hitting the floor.

A solid minute, the longest minute of Anna's life, as she stared at her entire class, and they stared back, confused but amused. As the stream came to an end, the class began to chuckle, and Annie, not quite knowing what to do, tried to play it off like a joke, as if she'd planned it all along. The bell rang, and the class was dismissed, except Anna, who was kept in detention for an hour and was made to clean it up. No matter what she said, her teacher wouldn't believe it was an accident. Still, in hindsight it was better that way, everyone thought Anna was a lot funnier and braver after that, and she didn't have to live down having an accident for the whole year.

Distracted by this memory, Anna didn't notice the fact she'd hobbled over to the staff toilets until she looked up and saw the worst thing she could have seen - OUT OF ORDER, printed in red on a white plastic sign. Anna tries the door anyway, to no avail - locked by the janitors. Anna groaned loudly, annoyed that the toilets hadn't been fixed yet, and annoyed at Dan who thought it was funny to put firecrackers in all the office toilets. Anna doesn't have a lot of time to be annoyed though, she'll barely have time to reach the elevator as this rate. She begins the long hobble to the great steel doors that will lead her to the promised, err, toilet.

*pad...pad...pad...pad...pad....*

The only sound in the office was Anna's slow and laboured footsteps, and as such they seemed to thunder through the office. Anna could barely look up any more, navigating the office solely memory. Anna squeezes her eyes shut, as if her eyes could offer any help with her bladder situation. They don't, and the opposite happens as Anna walks straight into her chair. Collapsing on top of her grey swivel chair, Anna has barely seconds to figure out what has happened before the sound hits her - a harsh but muffled hiss as her bladder takes the confusion as an opportunity to contract and force out a jet of pee.

Anna, on all fours at the time, can only send in one hand to quell this bladder rebellion, using all her energy now to hold it back. Within a second or two the stream ends, but it feels like a week to Anna. Having been ass up on all fours, the escaped pee had only one way to go, and that was up, relevant to Anna. Anna felt the hot liquid as it soaked into the waist of her skirt, and the bottom of her blouse, dyeing it a pale yellow. The stain, luckily for Anna, was held under her skirt, but her skirt was still damp itself, with a dark streak being the tale-tale sign of an accident. Using the wall for support, Anna climbed back to her feet. 'I..can still....make it....'. Not even Anna believed this time.

Deciding not to close her eyes again, Anna drags one leg after the other in the direction of the elevator, both hands clamped once again into her crotch. It's been taking all of her energy just to not pee....what if it gets worse? and her best is not enough? Well what if is what begins to happen, as Anna's body begins to take control of her bladder. Anna reaches the lift, and punches in the button for 'ground'. She leans against the wall as she hears the elevator grind into life. Not far now. Anna knows she's so close, but her body doesn't, and Anna finally reaches her breaking point.

For anyone who hasn't held it until they can't hold anymore, allow me to describe it to you. The first thing you, or in this case Anna, feels, is a slight heat coming from your bladder. This is the last warning you get, the red alert, and you have mere seconds to brace yourself. If you're into holding until you burst, this feels like victory - You held up against your bladder's screams to be released, and now you physically cannot hold it any longer - it's time to relax and let it cascade out, through your jeans, your skirt, whatever you might be wearing until you're stood in a golden puddle and surrounded by clouds of steam, feeling absolutely great. If you aren't however, and you just really need to go, this is your body's way of saying 'better luck next time', as it takes over control. As Anna leans against the wall, she feels this slight heat.

Next, your body begins to contract your muscles, including the bladder and bowels. Usually only the former actually releases however, though sometimes they both go. Her legs tighten, her fingers ball into fists against her thighs, and her toes dig into the carpet. The contracting stops for half a second, to breathe in, and then SQUEEZE, as the bladder forces a jet out. And Anna's bladder squeezes hard, and a hot gold jet ploughs through her thin cotton panties and into her grey tights, staining the inside of her right leg. And then, the body gives back control for a minute.

Anna, having forced a jet out, breathes heavily, tears forming in her eyes from the sheer relief she got from such a spurt. The elevator doors open, but Anna doesn't even notice, as she pants against the wall. She turns to rest on her left arm, facing into the elevator, now noticing it's arrival. She drags one leg forward, then the other...then the door closes.

'Going down'

Someone else was in. Anna had no idea. And now Anna was trapped until the elevator came back. Anna's bladder wasn't going to take this, and it forces itself to clench again. This time the jet is longer, lasting a whole second, so powerful it ignores Anna's panties and tights, splattering against the floor. Anna gingerly places her hand onto her crotch, a last act of defence against the inevitable pulse that will result in Anna draining her bladder down her legs and onto the floor. 'Not long now', her bladder reminds her. 'A few more waves and then it's all going out'

It doesn't take long for the next wave to hit, but it hits like a truck - powerful and sudden. With no warning Anna's body clenches everything it can, and a fierce spurt of hot piss is launched into Anna's thighs. This wave, not one like before, but two consecutive waves, sees two spurts, lasting two seconds each until they end. Anna stands, hands in crotch, dumbfounded at the power coming from her bladder

Anna looks down, seeing her grey tights streaked black on the insides. 'That was your last warning' Her bladder seems to say. 'Get ready, or get wet'

And the last wave hits. Anna bends over double, her entire torso aching as everything pushes in her. Hot piss cascades out of her and into her tights, which barely hold back the steaming fluid as it pounds against the fabric. Even while this wave pushes, a second begins, and her torso clenches even tighter, the shrill hiss from Anna's crotch dominates the silent office

No more energy left to resist, Anna gives in. Her muscles release her, and she stands upright, tilting her head back and letting her eyes roll back, breathing a sigh of relief like no other. The violent hiss slows down to an agreeable trickle, though still clearly audible. The forceful jet slows down to a steady, firm river, as hot piss soaks into her panties, spreading up as high as the waistline of her ass. Cascading pee splatters against her thighs and the inner fabric of her tights, it travels down and pools at her feet.

Anna embraces the raw pleasure she's getting, as the heat spreads around the entirety of her legs. She wriggles her toes, grinning inanely as she hears the squishing they make against the piss-logged carpet. For that moment, there is nothing but Anna and her burst bladder. The gentle hiss and pattering of pee into the carpet are the only sound in the air, and slowly they decline, until only drips fall from he sodden tights, now entirely black with grey patches at the top. Anna sighs deeply, having never felt so good all her life. She breathes in the warm scent of her own pee and smiles

Reality slowly returns to Anna, sat on the floor, surrounded by dark wet carpet and fragrant steam. This is where she works. She has to tidy up. At least there's no CCTV in these offices. Anna climbs to her feet, shuddering slightly with relief and arousal. With nothing to stop her, Anna falls back onto the carpet and rubs herself until she climaxes, reaching an intense orgasm. Breathing deeply for the next minute while sat in place, Anna plans her cleaning operation.

First, Anna takes off her tights and panties, stuffing them into a plastic bag. She examines her skirt, which is damp at the front, but it could pass off as a spilt drink. No strong smell of pee coming from any of her clothes. She takes her tights and panties into the kitchen and runs them under the tap, then wrings them out and puts them back in the bag. Leaving her shoes at her desk, Anna walks barefoot downstairs into the janitor's office two floors down, enjoying the breeze against her bare feet, legs and ass. Her skirt reaches halfway down her thighs, so she doesn't worry about anyone noticing anything. She brings up a mop and a cleaning bucket with soapy water.

Having started wetting at 3.30, Anna manages to have completely tidied any evidence of her actions by 4pm. Anna is almost disappointed that no one will ever know about what she got up to, or how great it felt. Packing her wet tights and panties into her bag, Anna puts her shoes back on and leaves the office, commando under her skirt.

'What a day...'

*006*2016-12-25 21:47

Based on the postive responses, I'm going to do a part two sometimes soon

When Annie says she hasn't wet herself, she really means she hasn't done it by accident - I'm sure I can come up with another time she's pee'd herself before on purpse, or even times she's done after this story ;). After all, she's only young...

*009*2017-02-05 16:25

{{6 hours ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

I loved reading this story! Present tense puts me off but I kept reading anyway and I'm glad I did. I noticed some slip-ups with your tenses however.

The accident was great but my favorite part was her thoughts about peeing: the vivid well-worded descriptions, and the very concept of her fighting the temptation. I also liked how you gave a detailed description of her outfit and continued to reference it as her desperation and wetting ensued. It made it easy to see your story happening in my mind's eye. You didn't really describe her own looks though. The school flashback was nice but felt out-of-place. I think it would've been better as a separate story. The masturbation seemed especially out-of-place. I was happy she got away with her accident. You described the ordeal so well that I really started to feel for poor Anna! Kudos also for including a clean-up scene. Almost all the pee and poop writers leave those parts out.

Don't let the negative things discourage you: I enjoyed this! It's the best omorashi story I've read in a while. Keep writing!

}}

This is really great feedback, thanks!

I see what you mean about the masturbation scene at the end, looking back on it (and on other things I've done) - That's just me getting carried away, I'll try to keep a lid on that from now on.

Like I say, great feedback, I really appreciate this, tells me exactly where to improve and what to keep doing, thanks

*011*2017-02-26 21:18

{{On 12/02/2017 at 9:22 AM, Nao Izu said:

Question: Did she really get away with it. If I remember correctly, she peed on the carpet? Is there really no stain or evidence left in the carpet at all for someone to notice on the next work day? And her boss knows she was working by herself, right? I am wondering what he might be thinking or doing when he finds out someone peed their pants on the carpet or at the very least spilled something and he works out that since no one else saw what happened it had to have happened on the weekend leaving only poor Anna to be the logical culprit?

}}

She washed it up with soap and what not from the Janitor's office so the only stain was from the cleaning equipment which dried up over-night. Janitor probably thought it was just a coffee spill or something...

And also it's a work of fiction

Having said that, I might do a follow up story focused on someone knowing what happened....

{{On 12/02/2017 at 9:22 AM, Nao Izu said:

Just some after thoughts. Like everyone else said, this story was well written, and I couldn't really complain about not knowing exactly what the girl was feeling as she squirted, squirted and finally flooded herself right there! I would be happy to read more from you!

}}

Glad to know you liked it, comments like this really make me want to write more, thanks!

