Marsha, thank you, but I need to pee!

Author: DerekOmoso

*000*2023-02-11 16:32

(Okay. This one's name is.... Not the greatest. Sorry about that, but I hope a new scenario from me makes up for it! The name is uh based off of a song. I doubt that you guys have heard of it, but I mean if you did... Oh my god can we be best friends. Hehehe! Enjoyyyy!)

So today I had an accident. I NEVER have accidents. I mean I haven't since I was a teen experimenting with alcohol. There was way too many wet beds back then...

Well today was the monthly visit by my friend Marsha. We're trying to visit eachother more like twice a month probably. One at her house and one at my house. We live a whole 45 minutes away from eachother. So basically anytime we visit it's always for hours and hours at a time. There was one day we hung out for 14 hours! It's crazy I know.

Today was not one of those days fortunately. I mean I still didn't make it to the toilet in time, but I'm getting there. Don't rush me! My name is Eloise! I'm 5'2 with slender legs a nice, firm butt and B cup chest accessories as one would call them. I'm a brunette who likes to wear dresses and rarely a pair of sweat pants. Which is what I had on today. Grey sweatpants and a blue pair of panties.

Ooh got a little sidetracked describing my looks... Well doesn't matter I look great. No matter what gets said.

So my friend Marsha came over. She brought some exotic fruit drinks she made. Another fact about me, fruit juice goes RIGHT THROUGH ME. Of course I never told Marsha that, but usually I get to run to the toilet. Today was no different. We sat around talking about the past month and how crazy it was. We talked about how Duluth was getting a bunch of upgrades... Basically the city decided to throw a whole weird fundraiser thing to improve their city. To be fair it was definitely in need of it.

But yeah we talked about Duluth for a WHOLE HOUR while sipping on our exotic fruit drinks. Of course my bladder already was filling really fast. Me and Marsha planned on only hanging out for an hour. She had stuff to do.

After I finished my fruit drink. SHE MADE ME ANOTHER ONE. So maybe a little longer than an hour...At this point I was like ooooh okay then. This'll be rough. I hate getting up and going to the bathroom when people are at my house. It feels rude. Especially with Marsha.

Okay time to drop a big twist or whatever you'd call it. I uh... I think I love her? She ALWAYS makes time for me each month. No matter how busy her job is. She works as a psychiatrist. A really good one I've heard.

Well... Just the time she dedicates to me makes me like her so much, but even outside of in-person hanging out we're texting back and forth CONSTANTLY. It's a lot of fun. I do really think I love her.

So I mean with that being said....can you understand why I wanted to just hold it? More time with Marsha! I mean that's just one of the reasons.

Well fast forward to after the second fruit drink. I HAD TO GO SO BAD! Like my bladder was ROCK HARD. It was so big! I could see it! I definitely didn't have that much time left before my body just said "Nope!".

Marsha than started talking about her city she lived in. I love hearing about it. A lot of crazy stuff happened there. I always got super invested into her stories.

Invested enough to forget about my rock hard bladder.

She started talking about it and I was just having a blast listening to her. She talked about her city for a solid 30 minutes. When suddenly I felt my crotch get warm. I immediately snapped back to reality and blushed super hard.

Marsha saw my expression change so she stopped talking.

She asked if I was alright. I was still blushing and I moved my hand down to my crotch. Sure enough there was a softball sized set spot on my sweat pants.

Marsha put her hand on my shoulder and I was feeling a weird mix of emotiond. I looked over to her and just said:

Oh... Yeah I'm fine... How are you?" I smiled in a very soft way.

Marsha shook her head and smiled back.

"What's going on? You're all fidgety! Do you uhh... Have to pee?"

I blushed a deep deep red. Cherry red almost.

"I uh... Uhhhhh... I... Y...n..no???" I said it super convincingly I know, but she saw right through it.

She stood up and held her hand out. I blushed and reluctantly took it.

Once I stood up I felt another spurt shoot out into my blue panties. Further soaking them.

Marsha saw that one:

"Oh dear!"

Marsha slowly guided me to the bathroom. She pushed me in lightly and shut the door. I stood there in the bathroom by myself. Feeling that same weird mix of emotions.

Well until I felt liquid flow down my legs. Warm liquid... Pee.

I snapped back to reality AGAIN and rushed over to the toilet. I was fully peeing myself at this point. Of course I tied my sweatpants really tight. I had to untie them WHILE I was fully peeing my pants. I managed to get them with mostly soaked pants. I pulled them down halfway before I realized it was pointless. I finished peeing in my panties. Some of it obviously soaked my sweatpants more.

I actually started to cry. I'm a 23 year old woman who just peed her pants because she was stubborn about getting up to pee. I pulled the sweat pants up and walked to the bathroom door. I didn't know what to say.

"Uuuuuu... M...Marsha... I uh... Uh....I... Had an accident....?"

I said it in such defeated tone.

"Oh noooo! I'm sorry for talking so much! I'll get you a pair of clothes!"

I blushed even harder. I was humiliated. I literally peed myself. I looked over to my pretty big puddle on the ground in front of the toilet.

I shuddered.

Suddenly Marsha knocks on the bathroom door. I open it partially to grab the clothes, but it was a small area and hard to do that... So I had to open the full thing... She'd see my pee soaked clothes. She'd see my puddle.

Deep down inside... I knew it was okay. I trusted her with it. I knew she would just help me. She wouldn't laugh....

I really think I love her.

I opened the door and Marsha got the full view of my soaked sweatpants. She definitely stared at them for a minute with a curious look on her face. At the time I didn't really comment on it. Now I think about and I think she was just in awe. I mean how often do you see your beautiful best friend soaked in her pee with a puddle behind her?

She handed me the clothes and... Hugged me?

"It's okay... Don't cry! Accidents happen to everyone...even me!"

The last few words got me. I was confused. I've never seen her have an accident. She just confirmed that she has at some point. I'll have to ask her about it next time we hang out.

Well after the hug she helped me clean up the puddle. We said goodbye... Mind you I was still soaked. The hug felt different. Maybe it's because I just wanted it to feel different? I don't know, but she left after that and I took a shower and changed into the cute panties and dress.

I'll always remember that day.

Honestly... If having an accident like that made her hug me and just help me that much... I might purposely do it around her... I think.. I really think I love her. Maybe I'll just tell her? Next time though... Maybe after I have an accident...?

I'll think about it...

(AND THAT'S A WRAP!!! WOOO! You made it! I hope you enjoyed it. I enjoyed writing it. I actually woke up and started writing it. I have to pee so bad because I didn't go when I woke up. So I might go do that now! Thanks for reading!)

*002*2023-02-11 21:34

{{9 minutes ago, YuriChaosLord said:

I like this story! :3

}}

Aww thank you!!! I'm glad you do!!!! Thanks for taking the time to read it!

*005*2023-02-12 01:20

Thanks all! I appreciate the support!!!

*007*2023-02-16 00:56

{{On 2/13/2023 at 7:34 PM, sinofstorms said:

Omg a will wood fan?? on omorashi.org???? i never expected that 😭 i went to his concert last year and ive been a fan since the normal album 😄

}}

OH MY GOD YOU'RE MY BEST FRIEND NOW.

I didn't think anyone here knew who he was!!!

I love his normal album. Self-Ish is also super good. If you don't mind me asking what's your favorite song by him???

I've never been to one of his concerts... None nearby.

Edited February 16, 2023 by DerekOmoso (see edit history)

*009*2023-02-18 02:26

{{On 2/16/2023 at 3:36 AM, The_Goose said:

OMFG WILL WOOD??

}}

YES I LOVE HIM

*011*2023-03-12 16:54

{{On 3/5/2023 at 7:29 PM, sinofstorms said:

My favorite song is love me normally!! sorry for the late reply i havent been on here in a while lmao

}}

That's fine!!! I LOVE Self-Ish that album is my favorite. BlackBoxWarrior is probably also up there! I think my favorite specific song though I think would be "...and if I did I deserved it..."

It's his last song for now and it's super neat.

