Being a Robot Means Never Having to Go to the Bathroom

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2021-03-28 15:13

I wrote a new story last night. Originally I was going to write this story about women trying to pee on a campfire to put things out, but I thought I could write a longer story and I think I made the right decision going with this one. This was a story that I thought of several months ago and have been meaning to write for a long time, and it probably gives away the fact that in my day job outside of this fetish world, I primarily write science fiction. In fact this would be a good story to include in a collection of stories about robots I was planning to publish under my own name, except for the fact it is very explicitly a female desperation fetish story, so I guess I will just have to keep it here under my pseudonym for those things. Anyway I hope you enjoy, as it concerns a woman meeting her robot friend in a city full of robots which has a severe lack of human bathrooms seeing as robots don't go to the bathroom! And yes that is something that as a science fiction novelist and a pee fetishist I have thought about a lot, about how human relations would be impacted with robots over the fact the robots wouldn't have to use the bathroom the way humans would! Enjoy! Also in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/5488.html

Being a Robot Means Never Having to Go to the Bathroom

Jill was eager to visit her friend Kate in her home city but she had to admit she was somewhat apprehensive. The reason that Jill was apprehensive was that Kate was a robot and she lived in a city that was predominantly inhabited by robots. Jill didn't have any fear or prejudice towards robots, but she was wondering how well she would fit in and whether she would be able to navigate a city where the majority of the population were nonhuman.

Jill had spent time with Kate in her hometown all the time, but her hometown was mostly a human town. Sure there were robots all over the place, but Kate lived in a community that was specifically founded for robots, a city specifically designed for robots with the needs of robots in mind, not humans. She had to admit that last part was somewhat intimidating but she thought that it would be interesting to see what a city built by robots and run by robots was like. She had read a lot of stuff about robots society and culture but she had never been into a robot city in person before so she knew it would be an interesting cultural experience for her to write about in her journal later.

When Jill got to the train station she made sure to use the bathroom before getting on the train like she always does. She always knew that it was hard to find a bathroom in the city sometimes when you really needed one, and that was in a human city, but she had never been to a robot city before. But she knew that human beings visited the robot city all the time so they must have to make accommodations for humans.

As Jill rode the train she realized that the majority of the people on the train were humans but as they approached the city the majority of the people who remained on the train seemed to be robots. Jill felt a little bit awkward being one of the few human beings who seemed to be remaining on the train when they finally arrived at their destination.

When Jill got off the train she noticed that she really needed to use the bathroom. It was a long train ride and she unfortunately was stupid enough to drink a large amount of juice on the train ride over. However she didn't want to seem like she was weak by immediately asking for a bathroom. Although Jill realized it was a normal biological function of humans, one of the things that she envied about robots was that they never had to deal with going to the bathroom. And she always secretly felt every time she used a bathroom that maybe Kate was thinking of her as an inferior form of life because she was bound to her biological urges like that.

"Oh, hi Jill," Kate said as she ran over to the train station. Kate was an advanced android so she was indistinguishable from a human other than the fact that her eyes had a robotic gleam to them. In fact the majority of robots were androids, replicated to look more like humans to put humans at ease, although a couple of robots would make a political stand by trying to make themselves look as least human as possible. Kate however was mostly pretty human looking and you wouldn't know she was a robot simply by looking at her if not for the fact that she lived in a robot city. She easily passed for human.

"Kate it's good to see you," Jill said as she hugged Kate. "It will be interesting to see the city where you live. I have to admit I have never been to a city where the majority of the population are robots before. It will certainly be interesting to see what it is like."

"Is everything okay Jill, it looks like your mind is somewhat elsewhere," Kate said noticing that Jill was looking around.

Jill didn't want to admit that she was looking around to see if a bathroom was available, so she simply smiled and shrugged her shoulders. "I'm just taking in all the new sights and sounds."

What Jill would really like to be taking in the was a trip to the bathroom. However as she looked around the train station she didn't see any evidence of a bathroom for humans, or any bathroom for that matter. She figured that there had to be bathrooms for humans somewhere, even in a robot city, so she just felt confident and took it in stride that hopefully soon they would find a human bathroom.

"Where do you want to go first?" Kate asked smiling.

Jill wanted to shout that she really wanted to go to the bathroom, but she didn't want to seem like an ignorant human who didn't know what the hell she was doing in a robot city. She didn't want to seem unsophisticated in front of her robot friend who wasn't bothered by things such as a full bladder.

"Well I guess you know your way around the city better than I do, so why don't we follow your lead," Jill said.

Kate nodded. "I also have a built-in GPS."

Jill had to admit it must be pretty convenient to be a robot and know where everything is instantaneously just by thinking it. That was one of the reasons why she sometimes felt stupid when she was around robots. By human standard she was above average intelligence, but all human beings were of inferior intelligence to even the most basic of robots, and Kate was far from basic, she was one of the advanced models of artificial intelligence.

"So you know where everything in the city is?" Jill said. She desperately wanted to ask Kate where the nearest bathroom was but she didn't want to seem like a slave to her biological urges, so she figured that she would just keep quiet and hope that maybe she could sneak off to a bathroom when Kate wasn't looking. She always felt embarrassed about having to use the bathroom around robots, it always made her feel like she was an inferior lifeform.

Kate nodded. "A robot never gets lost for a reason, unless something goes wrong with the GPS."

For a moment Jill could have sworn to herself that when Kate said GPS that she lingered on the P part, but she was probably reading too much into the situation and didn't want to sound paranoid, or like the ignorant human friend of a robot looking stupid in a robot city for the first time.

What Jill didn't know is that Kate had a built-in biological scanner so she could tell exactly what was going on in the bodies of biological creatures. She knew perfectly well from secretly scanning Jill and doing a voice stress analysis the Jill's bladder was filling quickly by the moment. However she knew that Jill was too proud to admit that she had to go to the bathroom, and what Jill didn't know is that Kate found it amusing to see Jill in need of a bathroom. Kate would find it very interesting to see how long Jill could stand her full bladder before she finally cracked, broke down and begged to find a bathroom.

For a moment Kate felt like she might be being somewhat evil to her friend, especially seeing as her GPS was telling her that there was a human bathroom right there in the train station, even though it was in an out-of-the-way area. But it would only take them less than five minutes to go to the bathroom so that Jill could relieve herself. But if Jill wasn't going to ask then Kate certainly wasn't going to suggest it herself.

Suddenly Kate had a brilliant but devious idea. "Why don't we go to the museum of robot history so that you can learn a little bit more about the founding of our city, our great city, the first city all for robots."

"Sounds great," Jill said figuring that a tourist attraction, a tourist trap like that, which probably drew lots of outside visitors, human visitors, surely had to have bathrooms available for humans.

They hailed a taxi which was automated and didn't need any driver. Jill thought it was great that all vehicles in the city were automated but as she sat there with her legs crossed in the back of the taxi cab she couldn't help but think about how taxi drivers, human taxi drivers, used to have to go all day without a bathroom break and would often pee in a bottle and then throw it out the window. She had heard stories like that and at the moment that was all she could think about as she felt the pressure in her bladder growing more intense by the second.

Kate of course could tell just from Jill's body language and from the biological scans that she was doing that Jill was going to have to go to the bathroom very badly very soon, in fact she already had to go quite badly, but she knew that Jill was too proud to admit to needing to use the bathroom. Kate had known from previous outings together that Jill was always somewhat embarrassed about admitting her need to go to the bathroom around robots. She knew a lot of humans who were like that, something about having to go to the bathroom made humans feel inferior to robots. It is why robots could do their jobs all day long without even needing a bathroom break or a lunch break or anything else of the kind, even though the robot unions mandated that artificially intelligent robots were entitled to a break every so often even if they didn't need one biologically the way humans did.

As the two of them got out of the taxi cab Kate immediately went into her GPS to try and figure out the best route of getting to the bathroom that would make sure that they wouldn't pass by any human bathrooms in the vicinity. Kate specifically planned out a route that would avoid every possibility of Jill finding a bathroom before they got to the museum.

"What's the matter Jill, you seem to be walking rather slowly," Kate said finding it amusing that she knew that Jill was struggling to hold a very full bladder.

"Hey sometimes humans get tired, we aren't all running on electricity and have legs made of metal," Jill said somewhat embarrassed to admit that she was already feeling exhausted and she knew that Kate would probably never feel tired, simply because she did not have any biological needs the way Jill did, such as her throbbing biological urge to finally get to a bathroom and urinate.

It didn't take long for them to arrive at the museum and Kate told Jill that she knew where all the best exhibits were. In Kate's opinion those weren't actually the best exhibits, but she knew that they were the exhibits that would keep Jill furthest away from the human bathrooms, which were located in an out-of-the-way area in the back of the museum.

"And these are robot suffragettes protesting for the right of robot women to vote," Kate said as Jill stood there trying as subtly as possible to cross and uncross her legs. Kate could tell from the stress in Jill's voice that her need to go to the bathroom was getting extreme at that point. "What would you like to see next to Jill? In fact I think I know the perfect exhibit."

Jill wanted to shout that she really really needed to get to a bathroom but she was still hoping that she would manage to find one and be able to relieve herself without Kate noticing.

However as Kate led her to the next exhibit Jill practically was ready to blow a gasket.

"Robot exploration of the oceans," Jill said as they came across all sorts of images of robots going in and out of pools of water.

"One of the advantages that robots had of exploring the ocean was that they could take extreme extreme pressure," the tour guide said.

Kate smiled. "Yes it is definitely true that robots can take a lot of pressure. There are certain amounts of pressure that will kill a human being but they won't even bother a robot in the slightest. Don't you find these interesting differences about how robots are able to deal with a whole lot more pressure?"

At that moment the pressure in Jill's bladder was becoming intolerable, and if she didn't get to a bathroom soon she would scream.

"Yes human beings often snap under pressure, pressure really sucks," Jill said.

Kate nodded. "Yes the pressure just keeps building and building and eventually people can even explode!"

Kate was feeling bad that she was tormenting Jill like this, as she just recently had her conscience upgraded, but at the same time she couldn't deny that it was extremely hilarious seeing just how far Jill would go to avoid looking inferior in the eyes of robot society. She knew that the lack of human bathrooms in the city was truly driving her out of her mind and she was wondering how much longer Jill could take it. Her biological scan of Jill was showing that she wasn't going to last much longer and that she was probably at her bursting point almost.

"Hey Kate do you think maybe I can spend some time by myself for a little while, I will catch up with you in a little bit, I think I just need to get a little bit of air, you know human beings sometimes need to catch a breather," Jill said not wanting to sound like she was stereotyping robots simply because they had no lungs.

Kate nodded. "I think I understand Jill, robots don't have to breathe so sometimes we forget that that's another form of pressure that we don't have to deal with. Pressure can be an incredibly uncomfortable thing."

"Yeah it can, so excuse me a second, I just have something I really want to take care of," Jill said as she started running around looking for the bathroom.

Jill was really starting to wish that she hadn't drank so much juice and that she hadn't foolishly just waited in expectation that she would just happen to come across the bathroom. She underestimated the lack of human facilities that they would have in a robot city but if she didn't get to the bathroom soon she was going to go out of her mind.

Kate of course knew exactly where the bathroom was and she felt like maybe she should tell Jill, but she thought it would be funnier to see Jill break down and admit that she had to go to the bathroom. Finally Kate shrugged her shoulders and decided that she would go to where her internal GPS was telling her the bathrooms were.

"Even in a robot city there's always a line!" Jill said as she approached a long line outside of the ladies room.

The woman in line in front of her nodded. "I've been walking around all day and this is the first bathroom I have found. I mean I get that robots don't have to go to the bathroom, those lucky bastards, but they should realize that human beings have needs and that it's very hard to navigate a city when those strong biological needs cannot be relieved in an efficient manner."

Jill stood in line crossing and uncrossing her legs. She couldn't help but notice that several robots seemed to walk by the line and looked like they were smirking. Sometimes Jill had to admit she had her own biases towards robots, sometimes the very fact that they weren't as biologically limited as human beings made her feel that robots were arrogant, they felt that just because they weren't subject to whims such as a full bladder that they somehow felt that they were better than human beings.

At the same time though Jill couldn't deny that it probably would be better to be a robot. Robot women never had to wait in line for the bathroom, they didn't even have to sleep or eat or do anything. But on the other hand sleeping and eating and of course sexual stuff, well that was something that human beings had the advantage of and that she wouldn't want to get rid of that. Although at the moment she really just wanted to get rid of all of the fluid that had built up in her bladder.

Finally Kate arrived at the bathroom smiling as she saw Jill in line.

"I knew this was where you would be," Kate said as she approached the line.

"Come to make fun of the human because she has to go to the bathroom," Jill said shaking her head. "Because you never have to leak fluids out of your body every couple of hours?"

Jill was ready to explode, not just in her bladder, but she was getting entirely fed up with all of robot society. She didn't want to seem like an ignorant human having a bigoted tirade, but she just couldn't take it anymore.

"God dammit don't you robots ever think of human needs," Jill said. "I realize this is your city and your culture and everything like that, but you know that human beings visit in large numbers, and is it so hard to provide some more bathrooms, do you have to make bathrooms as scarce as human beings? Even if the millions of people in the city are mostly robots, you know that every day thousands of humans come to visit and work in the city, and yet you tried to deny that we have biological needs that you do not."

Jill had to admit that she was feeling mighty high on her soapbox as she saw several of the human women waiting in line nodding and agreeing with her.

All of the sudden Kate frowned. "I'm sorry Jill, I guess I was just jealous of you."

"Wait, what, did you just say you are jealous of me?" Jill said pointing to herself.

Kate nodded. "Yes I am."

Jill thought that maybe all the pee was going to her brain at the moment, but she was genuinely shocked and shook her head. "What on earth does a robot have to envy of a human? You don't get sick, you're going to live basically forever, you don't have to eat or sleep or even relieve yourselves! In what way does being a robot not totally beat being a human in every sense of the word?"

Kate smiled. "Because human beings are fragile, they are vulnerable, they have biological needs and urges which make their lives interesting."

"Interesting," Jill said finding her exploding bladder far from interesting at the moment.

"Jill I'll admit that I knew that you had to go to the bathroom today but I just wanted to see how long you would take before you finally admitted it. But now that I see you in line for that bathroom I am kind of jealous of you. I want to know what it's like to be human, what it's like to have biological needs."

"Look right now I would totally love to trade places with you," Jill said. "Trust me if a robot ever wanted to do my peeing for me and if it were physically possible I would probably say yes to that. I don't mean like a form of urine slavery or anything like that, we know that robots aren't meant to be slaves or anything, it's just, I don't know I'm not even sure, I can't think right now because my bladder is about to burst!"

"Actually there might be a way," Kate said as she took out a small headset. "If you put this headset on your head we can swap consciousness for a while. I will feel what you are feeling and you will feel what I am feeling."

Jill scratched her head as she had never known such a thing was possible. Before she could think about it further she felt yet another spasm in her bladder.

"Okay give me that headset thingy," Jill said as she put the headset on her brain and suddenly felt herself exchanging places with Kate. She was looking through Kate's robotic eyes seeing herself in line for the bathroom. Kate meanwhile was experiencing what it was like to have the sensation of a full bladder.

"Oh my God this is this the most crazy and insane feeling," Kate said involuntarily crossing her legs despite the fact that she was a robot and didn't actually have any biological fluids to release. But she was experiencing what Jill was experiencing and she could see how it was driving Jill crazy at the moment. "Kate wants to urinate!"

Jill watched things through Kate's eyes to suddenly realize the appeal of what it must be like to be a robot and to watch these biological entities known as humans squirming around just because they have a little bit of fluid, well maybe not a little bit, a real lot of fluid, swishing about inside of their bodies. She could see that Kate was genuinely interested in what it was like to have a sensation of needing to urinate and now she was finally getting to experience that.

As Jill finally got into the bathroom, pulled down her pants and finally relieved herself, robot Kate standing outside of the bathroom had a big smile across her face as she experienced by proxy through mind linking to Jill what it felt like to be able to relieve oneself while bursting.

When Jill finally came out of the bathroom she took the headset off and they were both back perceiving things from their normal states of consciousness.

"Wow, you know until I have seen it through the eyes of a robot I have to admit that it is kind of interesting to watch a creature do some type of function that you have never experienced before and see it drive them crazy," Jill said.

Kate smiled. "And I quite enjoyed the sensation of urination. Now I can understand why human beings seemingly behave in an irrational and illogical ways just because they have an excessive amount of fluid between their legs."

"Well that's an interesting logic there Spock. Now you can kind of understand why I was going crazy all day long."

Kate nodded. "Yes, you are right, even though this is a city designed for robots we have to take into account the fact that humans live here too and visit and work here every day. I think that I will petition the city to have more bathrooms built for humans, it is the most logical course of action to take. We can't exactly expect human beings to behave in a logical and rational manner when they are constantly at the mercy of the fluids inside of themselves."

Jill hugged Kate. "And if that's your way of saying sorry then I accept your apology."

As the day came to an end and Kate escorted Jill back to the train station she made sure to help Jill go to find the bathroom and relieve herself, but making the strange request that she wanted to experience it by proxy again.

"So was this robot city everything that you expected it was," Kate said as Jill prepared to board the train.

"Other than the lack of bathrooms, no actually I was kind of expecting that, in fact I should have been," Jill said as they both laughed.

"Jill do you think I can ask you something?"

"What's that?"

"Well today you helped me experience the joy of urinating after releasing a full bladder, do think that maybe next time you are here you can show me what it's like to experience the sensation of being urinated upon?"

Jill laughed as she could see that Kate was more human in her desires than she had ever thought possible.

She put her arm around Kate and smiled. "That all depends on how much I drink!"

The two of them had a good laugh as Kate waved goodbye to Jill who got on the train to return to home sweet home. It may not have been perfect or as logical and efficient as a robot city, but at least she knew that there would always be plenty of bathrooms! 

*003*2021-03-29 11:07

@segaface

"Pretty cool. The concept here reminds me of a particular, brief desperation scene from Futurama." 

I remember that episode, where Fry was trying to take a leak while disguised as a robot and they thought he was leaking coolant. Of course in that episode he was on a planet where the robots killed humans on sight, so they obviously wouldn't provide bathrooms for them in that situation. In my story it was set in a human society where robots have established a robot city, but you figure that human beings would still be interacting with the robots, so they would probably provide some type of bathrooms, but probably not a lot was my reasoning. 

These are the type of weird things that you think about a lot when you are a science fiction writer with a pee fetish LOL. 

*006*2023-05-06 16:01

@Gregory10031

"I remember that Futurama scene - Fry couldn't walk like a robot, and when Leela asked why he admitted that he had to go to the bathroom - so Leela took him to an alley to pee against a wall

What struck me about that scene was, if they'd been on the planet long enough for Fry to have to pee... didn't Leela have to pee too?

Was Leela standing there with a full bladder, having to watch Fry relieve himself while she had to keep holding it, because all Fry had to do was unzip his fly and whip it out, while Leela would have had to pull down her pants and squat - making it really obvious that she was not a robot!

If I'd written that scene, I'd have Leela as desperate to pee as Fry was, but unable to do anything about her need to urinate and having to watch Fry while he got relief that she needed as badly as he did"

Yes that's a good point, I probably would have addressed the fact that she needs to go to the bathroom as well. I do think that most peeing scenes do involve men though. And it kind of makes sense that Fry would be the one who was peeing because he could do it discreetly and they made it think that he was leaking coolant, where as with Leela it would probably be a lot more obvious what she was doing although it definitely would have been more interesting!

But yes they didn't address the fact that she would probably have to go to the bathroom as well, although maybe they could attribute after the fact that she was a mutant so maybe she has better bladder capabilities than an ordinary human would. Actually that would be a pretty good story as well, woman with a mutant power to hold an incredibly full bladder effortlessly who becomes the envy of all her friends!

Once again when you go into the realm of science fiction, even in fetish stuff, you don't have to worry about limitations on the imagination, which is probably why most of what I write is science fiction and that even carries over into my omorashi stuff often. Which once again is sometimes a shame when you have to separate your fetish stuff from your more "serious" stuff under your own name. I do feel this is one of those stories that a person without a pee fetish could probably read in a mainstream collection of robot stories without necessarily thinking that it had a fetish intention in mind.

I did have another story idea basically about a robot android that was built to replicate a flesh and blood woman as a way of trying to understand bladder troubles, and the robot being self-aware has to deal with the problem of what it feels like to have a full bladder, which is something no robot had had to deal with previously. It's almost like the reverse of this story I guess, where you have a robot character having to deal with going to the bathroom instead of a human character having to deal with going to a bathroom in a robot society. And I had another one I wanted to do about the troubles of using an alien toilet.

*010*2023-05-08 17:59

@Gregory10031

That was an excellent sighting you had, but you are totally right stuff like that happens often and it's especially cruel almost for a guy to ask his girlfriend or female companion to stand guard for him while he urinates multiple times while she doesn't even get to go once. Once again it shows how patient women are even in the face of extreme unfairness and blatant torture! It is amazing how even when a woman is dying to go to the bathroom she will stop multiple times and stand cover so that her male companion can relieve themselves multiple times like that, truly maddening!

@eucoloco

"The scanner thing is so amazing... imagine knowing how full people around us are"

In lots of sci-fi movies with robots in the future the robots can often see an infrared and scan a person and know all this stuff about them, so I don't think it's much of a stretch to think that robots could determine how badly somebody had to pee by scanning their bladder or using voice analysis as a way of knowing that they were distressed.

If you like that as a concept you would probably like my novel An Aura of Desperation, in which certain men gain the ability to psychically know how badly a woman has to go to the bathroom by reading their auras.

*012*2023-05-10 18:25

@Gregory10031

"Yeah, it's amazing how many women will stand there with a bursting bladder, keeping watch while their male companion gets to relieve himself right in front of her"

I've never actually been a lookout standing watch for somebody while they relieve themselves but I have definitely been around people who have relieved themselves in a very obvious manner and not said anything. And the truth is although it would annoy me if somebody said stand guard while I watch and go relieve myself I probably would do it but it would still be driving me crazy! I think maybe a lot of women really are masochists or just too accommodating of male urinary privilege!

*014*2023-05-12 17:41

@Gregory10031

Yes I think that people with a fetish it's kind of hard not to react strongly to a story about people going to the bathroom. People around me know that I find anything related to bathrooms interesting so I could easily show interest without necessarily letting on that I have an actual fetish for it.

But yeah I think situations like that are pretty common as I think that women just have accepted the fact that men will pee everywhere. It's frustrating when you have to go to the bathroom and they are doing it right around you but I think in most cases they aren't doing it simply to torture the women but just because it's easy for them to do and you really can't blame them for that even if it is frustrating!

