The Desperate Teaching Assistant

Author: Despguy123

*000*2022-02-25 18:52

This story is very loosely based on a true experience that an ex-girlfriend told me about, many years ago. Names have been changed for anonymity.

It was 6am on a chilly January morning, and Madi was nervous and excited about the day ahead. The 20 year old university student was in the final year of studying for her law degree, and having recently completed her first semester exams, had volunteered to work as a teaching assistant at a local primary school for two weeks before the second semester started. She had always been interested in pursuing a teaching career, and this seemed like a great first step. Her mum had encouraged her to apply for the position, herself having worked as a teacher in Iran before moving to the UK with her husband a few years before Madi was born.

Madi forced herself out of her warm bed, used the bathroom and got ready for the day ahead. Not sure of the dress code, she decided to dress quite smartly in a flowery dress with a black cardigan over the top, coupled with black tights. Feeling quite tired, she went downstairs and made herself a large cup of tea with her breakfast, hoping that it would help to wake her up a bit. After finishing her cup of tea, she grabbed her packed lunch out of the fridge and put on her coat. Stepping into a pair of smart black ballet flats, she picked up her handbag and left the house in time to catch the bus.

She arrived at the school just before 8am and was shown to the staffroom by the friendly receptionist, where she was introduced to a young newly qualified teacher called Abbey. After they chatted for a bit, Abbey made herself a cup of tea before the pupils arrived, and asked Madi if she wanted one too. Madi didn’t really want to drink another cup of tea so soon after finishing her last cup, as drinking tea usually made her need a wee. She accepted one anyway, not wanting to appear impolite. Abbey then introduced Madi to some of the other teachers before showing her to her classroom, which was all the way over on the other side of the school. Madi sipped her tea politely as Abbey showed her around the classroom and explained her lesson plans for the day.

At 8.45am the bell rang and the pupils came into the classroom for morning registration followed by morning lessons. Madi was enjoying walking around the classroom and helping pupils when needed. Abbey had already briefed her that some of the lower ability pupils may need extra support, and Madi focused on helping them get through the work. At around 10am, Madi was beginning to regret drinking that second cup of tea because she was already starting to need a wee, but she put it out of her mind and focused on the job at hand. Besides, the morning break was not far away and she would be fine to wait until then.

The bell rang for morning break at 10.45am, and the pupils ran out into the playground. With two large mugs of tea inside her, Madi was needing a wee rather badly by now, and was hoping that there would be time during the break for her to quickly nip to the loo. Unfortunately for her, that wasn’t the case. Abbey was on break duty that day, so they both put on their coats and went outside to supervise the playground. Instead of going to the toilet as she had hoped, Madi spent the 15 minute break standing out in the cold with her legs crossed, resigned to the fact that she would have to wait until lunch.

At 11am, the bell rang for the end of break and they headed back inside to carry on with the lesson. Madi was starting to get quite fidgety now, squirming around in her chair and crossing and uncrossing her legs. She even considered asking Abbey if she could quickly nip to the loo, but she didn’t want to appear unprofessional and besides, she was being kept busy going from table to table helping the pupils with their work.

The lunch bell rang at 12.15pm and the pupils went out into the playground. Abbey had to go and make some copies of some worksheets ready for the afternoon lesson, and while she was gone, Madi tidied up the classroom. She was desperate for a wee now and in the privacy of the empty classroom, she couldn’t help but do a cute little ‘need a wee’ dance, stepping from foot to foot and jiggling as she went around collecting the worksheets that had been completed that morning and making sure they all had names written on them.

She crossed her legs and bobbed on the spot as she checked through them, placing them in a neat pile on Abbey’s desk before placing learning resources and printouts on all of the tables around the classroom. Once that was done, she went over to her bag and pulled out her iPhone, sitting down and crossing her legs tightly as she checked her notifications, waiting for Abbey to come back. It was already just past 12.30pm and there were less than 30 minutes of the lunchbreak left. There were still a few worksheets that had to be handed out and she still hadn’t eaten her packed lunch, but more importantly, she was running out of time to go for a wee. She knew that if she didn’t get chance to go before 1pm, she would have to wait until the end of the school day at 3pm.

‘Hurry up Abbey, I really need a wee!’ Madi thought to herself as she sat and waited, uncrossing her legs and shifting uncomfortably in her seat before re-crossing them the opposite way. She didn’t want to leave the classroom unattended to go to the loo and besides, Madi actually had no idea where the staff toilets were. Nobody had pointed them out to her and she hadn’t seen any since arriving at the school that morning.

After a couple more minutes, Abbey came back and together they placed the rest of the worksheets on the tables around the classroom. Just as they were finishing, there was a knock on the classroom door and another teacher walked in, followed by a tearful boy from Abbey’s class. The teacher explained that the boy had been playing football and fallen over, and as the boy had a large bump on his head, Abbey decided to go to the office and phone his parents, leaving Madi to stay and look after him in the classroom. She sat next to the boy and consoled him, momentarily putting her own needs to the back of her mind, accepting that she was just going to have to hold on a little bit longer for a loo break.

After a few minutes, Abbey returned and said that his mum was on her way to pick him up. They put on their coats and took the boy to the front of the school, staying with him until his mum arrived. Madi stood with her legs tightly crossed, worried that the lunchbreak would soon be coming to an end and she still hadn’t found time to go to the toilet. She really wanted to ask Abbey if she could go, but knew that it wasn’t really an appropriate time to leave and would make her look rather unprofessional. Besides, Abbey probably needed to go just as badly as she did, Madi thought, noticing her crossed legs and tense expression.

They had been waiting for a few minutes when they heard the bell ring for the end of lunch, much to Madi’s dismay. Abbey asked her to go back to the classroom and supervise the pupils until she came back, and Madi hurried there quickly, biting her lip. It was now 1pm, 7 hours since she had last had a wee, and her bladder was uncomfortably full. She wondered whether she was going to be able to last for another 2 hours until 3pm, when the bell would finally ring for the end of the school day.

At university she had occasionally found herself in a similar state of desperation, after sitting a particularly long exam or attending a series of back-to-back lectures for example. On these occasions she would spend the short bus ride home crossing her legs until she finally reached her house and the comfort of her own bathroom. But spending 20 minutes sitting on a bus with her thighs squeezed together was very different to trying to remain composed and professional for 2 hours of teaching, she thought to herself as she reached the classroom.

The pupils were quite hyperactive after coming in from the lunch break, but Madi managed to get them all sat quietly in their seats by the time Abbey returned. The first lesson was science and there was a lot of work to get through. Abbey asked Madi to take the pupils out in small groups into the playground, taking it in turns to measure distances using a trundle wheel. Being outside in the cold wasn’t helping Madi’s predicament at all and as the afternoon wore on, she was beginning to find it incredibly difficult to stand still and keep her composure in front of the children. In fact, one particularly cheeky girl noticed her stepping from foot to foot and asked loudly ‘Miss, do you need a wee?’, making the others in the group laugh and chant ‘Miss needs a wee! Miss needs a wee!’ Madi blushed but laughed it off, saying she was just cold.

For the last hour of the school day, the pupils completed worksheets and Madi was kept busy going from table to table to help them, now finding it more and more difficult to concentrate on teaching and really struggling to keep her mind off her very full bladder. She was happy to be back inside the warmth of the classroom now but because she was talking so much, she found she was getting thirsty and kept having to take large gulps from her bottle of water, which only added to her predicament. Several times she considered asking Abbey if it would be possible to quickly nip to the loo but there just wasn’t enough time, and besides, Madi was still keen to make a good impression and not come across as though she was inexperienced or unprofessional.

Finally, the clock hit 3pm and the bell rang for the end of the day. As soon as the last child had left the classroom, Abbey sighed. ‘What a hectic day!’ she said, laughing as she picked up her laptop. ‘Right, I’m supposed to be in a meeting now. Thank you so much for your help today, Madi. I’ll see you tomorrow morning!’ Madi just had time to shout a quick ‘See you!’ as Abbey hurried out of the room, leaving her alone in the quiet classroom.

She picked up her phone and crossed her legs as she checked the times for her bus home, praying that she was going to have enough time to find the staff toilets and finally go for a wee before leaving. There was one bus scheduled at the stop a short walk from the school in less than 10 minutes time, but the next one wasn’t for another hour afterwards! She bobbed in frustration and bit her lip, thinking quickly about what she was going to do. If she was going to catch the first bus, there was absolutely no time for her to go to the loo, as she had to leave right now. At the same time though, she really didn’t want to have to wait around for another hour for the next bus. She swore under her breath and picked up her bag, walking quickly out of the classroom and across the playground towards the school gates. She knew her bladder must hate her, but it was just going to have to wait until she got home, she thought grimly as she walked to the bus stop.

She made it to the stop with a couple of minutes spare, and paced up and down impatiently as she waited for the bus to turn up, occasionally stopping to cross her legs tightly. ‘Hurry uppppp’ she whined under her breath, jiggling a little as she watched anxiously down the road. She was glad that there was nobody else waiting at the stop, as she was making it very obvious that she was absolutely dying to go to the toilet. The bus ended up being a few minutes late, and Madi was even more annoyed now, knowing that she probably would have had time to find the loo and relieve herself before leaving the school.

The bus home seemed to take forever, the roads jammed up with school-run traffic. She crossed her legs as tightly as she could and squirmed around in her seat, sighing in frustration every time the bus crawled to a halt in traffic and moaning under her breath every time it went over a speed bump, jolting her very full bladder. She couldn’t remember ever being this desperate for a wee in her life, except for one hot summer visiting Iran when she had been out with her family and was forced to hold in her wee for hours and hours because she refused to use the squat toilets. On that occasion she had barely made it home through the Tehran traffic in time, and she knew that this was going to be a close call too.

The traffic was so bad that it was nearly 4pm by the time the bus finally reached her stop. She was squirming, wriggling, fidgeting and bouncing so much in her seat that she must have looked extremely odd, but she really didn’t care. It was almost 10 hours since Madi had last been to the loo, and as she hurried off the bus she knew that she was almost at her limit. She walked quickly up the road to her house, taking short, fast steps, trying to keep her thighs pushed together as much as she could. It was almost as if her very full bladder knew that relief wasn’t far away now, and it was becoming even harder for Madi to hold on.

As she got closer to her house she started to run, sprinting up the drive and ringing the doorbell frantically. She stood there doing the ‘need a wee’ dance, hopping from foot to foot and jiggling up and down as she waited impatiently for her mum to answer the door. After a few seconds she rang the bell again and banged loudly on the door. ‘Mum it’s me, please hurry up!’ she shouted through the letter box. Her mum eventually answered the door looking mildly annoyed, telling Madi off in Farsi for being impatient. ‘Sorry mum but I’m desperate for a wee! I haven’t been to the loo all day and I'm genuinely about to wet myself’ she said breathlessly as she rushed past her into the house.

Madi threw down her bag, kicked off her shoes and shrugged off her coat before rushing up the stairs, leaving everything in a pile on the floor of the hallway, much to her mum’s annoyance. She rushed into the bathroom, closed the door, frantically tugged her knickers and tights down and threw herself onto the toilet just in time.

‘Oh thank god’ she muttered as she started to pee, her stream hissing loudly against the bowl before trickling down into the water below. She closed her eyes, relief beginning to wash over her. She had been absolutely bursting for a wee for so long, and the feeling of finally being able to relieve her bladder was so good that she couldn’t help but moan under her breath. Her orgasmic wee continued for well over a minute before slowly tapering into a trickle.

She sighed loudly, feeling so much better now that her bladder was finally empty. She wiped and flushed the toilet, washed her hands and went back downstairs to tell her mum all about her first day!

*002*2022-02-26 00:03

{{1 hour ago, Mbgpeelover said:

Having been a teacher myself this could easily have been a typical day for me! I rarely ever got to pee during the school day and the relief of going when home is impossible to describe. Such a brilliant well written story! Thank you

}}

Thanks! I know a few teaching assistants, teachers and ex teachers who have all faced similar challenges with lack of loo breaks during the day. I also once lived in a shared house with a speech therapist who worked across two different schools and often she would arrive home bursting and complaining that she'd been holding it all day.

It's a tough job and I definitely couldn't do it! I think a high percentage of teachers in the UK actually leave the profession within 3 years of qualifying. Either that, or move abroad for better pay and prospects.

*008*2022-02-26 23:48

{{7 hours ago, eucoloco said:

That's horny stuff. Nice

A submissive straight guy assistant to a powerful woman needing relieve so much that he swallows his man pride is very hot too. And a powerful woman trying to maintain the composture as well

}}

This is a female desperation story though... Maybe you are thinking of another story?

{{23 hours ago, bustin2pee said:

OMG! What a wonderful story! So many things I love in it. Brill !!!!!

}}

Thanks, I actually added the bus ride part in after reading your latest comic, so thanks for the inspiration.

{{17 hours ago, Bf1fan said:

I loved it! Nice story

}}

Thanks

{{5 hours ago, theAnalyzer said:

How old was she? Was she a cute woman?

}}

Early 30s, yes she was very attractive

{{5 hours ago, OmniBotch said:

God, this was a good read! I don't see much "just made it" here on this site, so I'm very glad to not only see a story like this, but also very well written and paced!

}}

Thanks, sometimes I prefer a 'just made it' ending over a wetting.

*012*2022-03-03 13:38

{{2 hours ago, SoBursting said:

Thanks for sharing, a great read sharing in poor madis predicament, definitely a suggestion of pee shyness not sharing her desperate need with Abbey, and to keep holding longing for a chance to go suggests she always intended to pee first chance she got only holding it in all day because she didn’t find a chance to go not that she intended to, and to not know where the bathrooms were, too shy to ask ..... to read of her situation at lunchtime explains well how by the time she was stood at the bus stop pee dancing she had been bursting all afternoon, almost peeing herself on the bus and on the walk home and at the front door, amazing holding stamina....glad she made it,

}}

The real 'Madi' (who's experience this story was very loosely based on) was incredibly pee shy and would rarely mention needing to go. She also hated using public bathrooms and would always prefer to wait until she got home, so she was used to holding on for long periods of time. I think what made this particular day different for her was the fact that she had two cups of tea very early in the day so she became uncomfortably full much more quickly.

Much of what I wrote in the story is purely fictional, inspired by a combination of true experiences I have seen/read/heard over the years from teachers/teaching assistants and a few of my own ideas. In fact, the actual true story was little more than a throwaway remark she made on the phone about drinking too much tea and being 'desperate for a wee all day' and how she 'literally ran out of the room' to the toilets at the end of the day! She never actually became a teacher and instead became a solicitor, which according to my current gf (who's also a solicitor) can be a very bladder-straining profession at times.

*013*2022-03-03 13:44

{{On 3/2/2022 at 1:01 PM, Jimmy Olsen said:

I have to complain that you don't tell us much about Madi's appearance, and you wait until well into the story to give clues about her ethnicity.

}}

You must have missed the part in the very first paragraph where I literally say her parents are from Iran

I don't usually go into a lot of detail about appearance as I think most readers prefer to use their imagination but the real 'Madi' (not her real name) was a very attractive Iranian girl, short and petite with black hair. Picture a more Persian-looking Louise Thompson from the show Made in Chelsea (before she ruined her face with plastic surgery) and you're along the right lines

*017*2022-03-04 16:14

{{17 hours ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

Sorry about that.

}}

No worries, I could have made it clearer, but didn't want to get too bogged down in descriptions early on.

