Desperate outside the Doctor's Office

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2020-05-31 09:45

Unfortunately during the last month I have been sick a real lot. First I had an infected lipoma on my back, which is basically an infected pus filled thing on my back that makes me like a hunchback, so I had to go to the walk-in doctor to get that cut open. Then they put me on an antibiotic that unfortunately had the side effect of causing nausea, which ended up triggering my acid reflux and sending me to the hospital yet again for the third month in a row. So while I have been trying to avoid going to the hospital during this pandemic it seems like I have been getting sick more frequently than ever, figures. But I have had a really slow recovery and have spent a lot of nights since I have been home from the hospital sick and vomiting. I finally seem to be better now at least but it has been a pretty crappy month for the most part.

The other bad part about this whole quarantine thing is that when I have been leaving the house even less than usual (even before quarantine I only left the house once a week on average to go to the movies) it's really bad as far as opportunities to see women desperate for the bathroom go. Normally I don't see anything when I leave the house seeing as I'm normally the only person at the movies, but during the quarantine it is even less likely that you will see anyone out desperate for a bathroom since everything is closed. However the universe decided to throw me a bone I guess since I was so sick and I had to go to the doctor. At the doctor I ended up seeing a woman desperate outside for nearly a half hour or more.

Because of the virus and everything people had to wait outside of the walk-in doctor, so I was waiting outside for like 40 minutes, and there was this blond woman ahead of me in the line to get into the place, who for 40 minutes went on and on about how she had to go to the bathroom and was dancing around, crossing her legs and grabbing herself. She really looked like she was going completely out of her mind and she pretty much ran when they finally let her in. When I saw her in the waiting room later she looked so relieved to have finally, well gotten relief!

That sighting inspired me to write the following story. The story is more dramatic than it actually was in reality and I added some details to pad it out since it was a relatively uneventful sighting, so I thought I would make it a little bit more interesting to draw it out some more to make a full story. Overall I am pretty happy with the results. Originally I was going to tell the story from the first person instead of just naming my character after myself like I usually do, but then I figured if I did that I wouldn't be able to say what happened to the woman inside of the doctor's office, which I have to admit is entirely up to my imagination, but I have a very vivid imagination!

I also posted this in my blog for anyone who has live journal https://desperatejill.livejournal.com/

Desperate outside the Doctor's Office

Jill was not happy that she had to go to the doctor, especially seeing as the world was in the midst of a giant pandemic, but she figured that she had better get things taken care of because the problem was only going to get worse before it got better if she didn't.

"Oh great they're not even letting people inside of the doctor's office!" Jill said as she got out of the car in front of the doctor's office and saw that there was a long line of people outside of the doctor's office, with everybody several feet apart and wearing masks.

Social distancing could be a pain in the ass sometimes as they wouldn't even let too many people in the doctor's office at the same time. Although it made logical sense it was still a pain in the ass, although luckily it wasn't freezing out that day.

But that was when Jill saw something that would help her to keep her mind off of the long boring wait for the doctor. Standing not far in front of her was a blonde woman. It wasn't totally obvious at first, but then Jill started to notice the telltale signs that she was shifting from foot to foot.

For a moment Jill thought that maybe she was imagining something out of boredom and seeing things she wanted to see, but as she continued watching she could see that the woman was starting to pace in place. She continuously crossed and uncrossed her legs and Jill knew that she was showing all the telltale signs of being desperate to pee, no doubt about it.

The line was moving rather sluggishly. Jill wasn't sure if all of these people were there to get tested for the Covid virus or whether they had all sorts of different problems that had brought them there but, at least to her, it seemed like it was overly crowded, but maybe that was just because everyone was outside and spread out more than usual.

Within another moment the woman started putting her hands in her pocket and standing on her tip toes, another sign that she was looking rather uncomfortable. Jill felt bad that she was starting to enjoy this so much, seeing as the woman was probably sick if she was going to the doctor's office, but you can't help enjoying someone else's desperation at a time like that.

Jill didn't want to look like she was staring but at the same time she could tell that the woman was becoming increasingly frantic and agitated. Jill wished that the woman wasn't wearing a mask because then she could have seen the look on the woman's face, which she had no doubt was one of agitation, or at the very least probably a pouty frown.

As Jill continued to look at the woman she started to imagining what the look on her face would look like if she weren't wearing a mask. Jill kind of liked the pouty frown when a person was desperate. Something about the fact that they were in a state of despair over the fullness of their bladder just drove the point home that they were really and truly desperate and resigned to their fate.

But Jill didn't need to see this woman's face as she could tell just from her body motion that she was increasingly uncomfortable by the moment.

"Oh my God I have to pee!" the woman finally shouted as she started jogging in place.

Jill felt good that at least she was wearing a mask so that nobody could see how big her smile was underneath hers. Jill didn't need to see the faces of the people around her to realize that several other people were now watching the good free show that they were getting.

"Are you all right?" one woman asked the blonde woman.

"I'm fine I just have to pee really bad!" the woman said as she paced back and forth.

"Well if you're going to wet yourself make sure you stay at least 6 feet away from everyone else," the other woman said as she walked away from the blonde woman.

The blonde woman continued to pace back and forth and stand on her tip toes and started jumping up and down. Jill couldn't help but notice that her breasts were rather large and they appeared to be jumping all over the place with her body motion. She had no doubt that that was why a lot of other people were enjoying the show, but Jill was more interested in what was going on inside of her bladder, rather than what was going on inside of her bra.

A couple of people in the line were holding bottles of water and lifting up their masks to drink it. Jill could see that the blonde woman was looking at them with a look of longing. She didn't bring anything to drink but it was probably for the best, given her current situation, which would only be made worse by drinking more and filling her bladder even yet more.

"When are they going to let us in?!" the blonde woman said as she balled her hands into fists. She started shifting from side to side and waving her arms and clapping her hands. Jill had no doubt that underneath her mask this poor desperate woman was almost assuredly gritting her teeth as well.

For a moment Jill almost wanted to talk to the woman and start making conversation with her, but she was kind of socially awkward and she didn't know how sick the woman was. She didn't look very sick except over the fact that her bladder must be especially full.

While she was waiting someone came by with a hose and started spraying it on the streets, most likely to clean and decontaminate it. The sound of the hose running into the street must have been driving the blonde woman even more frantic, because as she heard that she started bending at the knees a bit and pulling down her shirt to cover up her pants more.

Jill was starting to wonder if this was a prelude to some type of accident, which would be especially embarrassing and probably not the most hygienic thing to do outside of a doctor's office. Jill checked her watch to see that it had already been 20 minutes and that there still didn't seem to be any sign that the blonde woman was going to get into the doctor's office anytime soon, or her either for that matter.

Once again Jill smirked underneath her mask thinking how much this was entertaining her. She would feel bad if the woman was in pain and not feeling very well, but it seemed like the only source of discomfort for her at the moment seemed to be her especially full bladder, and Jill was enjoying every minute of it. Time must be moving a lot slower for that woman than for herself Jill reasoned to herself.

The blonde woman started playing with her hair and running her fingers rapidly through it, which Jill always did herself when she was desperate. Fortunately Jill wisely went to the bathroom before leaving the house, so her bladder was totally empty. This woman probably went to the doctor's office assuming that she would at least be in the office right away with access to a bathroom.

That's why you never assume, Jill thought to herself with another smile at this woman's lack of planning for these eventualities. Since the beginning of all these quarantines Jill hadn't been out of the house except to go to doctors, so her opportunity to see other women desperate for the bathroom were even more limited than usual. But now here she was getting a gift from the universe, which hardly made up for the fact that she was ill, but at least the universe decided to throw her a bone after all of that.

As they passed the half hour mark Jill could see that the woman was now going completely out of her mind. It looked like she almost wanted to take her mask off, if only to scream briefly at the injustice of the fact that right inside of that building was the bathroom that could finally bring her relief, but she had to stay outside because of the new health guidelines.

As the blonde woman started making all sorts of squatting motions Jill was starting to think that maybe she would become so desperate that she would actually pop a squat right in front of the doctor's office. She doubted that, as you would have to be extremely desperate to do something like that in public, especially in an environment where people are so afraid about contamination that they are wearing masks. But Jill sometimes let her hopes get up, because you have to entertain yourself somehow.

Finally the door opened and the woman practically knocked everybody else down as she ran through the doctor's office.

"Hey you have to fill out forms," the woman at the desk said to the blonde woman.

"But I really need the bathroom!" she said.

"But first you need to fill out these forms," the lady at the desk said as she handed the blonde woman the forms.

The blonde woman slowly started filling out the forms, trying to remember her entire medical history while also trying to focus on the fact that she was trying to make sure that her bladder didn't explode right there in the office and embarrass her in front of a large group of people.

She couldn't help but wonder if you could catch the coronavirus through contact with human urine?

Finally she managed to finish filling out the forms in record time. Maybe it was true that you tend to dillydally less when your bladder is full and make better decisions. When you are in a rush the information comes to you faster and you don't have time to delay over small details. Your mind knowing that you are in a dire situation provides the information more quickly.

Finally she dashes to the bathroom only for another woman to be there to the punch. She stands outside the door on tip toes, her legs now shaking with desperation. As the minutes slowly ticked by the woman finally came out of the bathroom and the blonde woman practically pushed her down as well.

As the blonde woman got into the bathroom she thought to herself that under normal circumstances she would never use a bathroom in a doctor's office, let alone during a pandemic, but she figured if there were any traces of Covid on the toilet seat that the people working at the doctors office would likely have thoroughly cleaned them.

"I guess I will have to risk contamination," she said as she pulled down her pants and put a seat cover over the toilet, finally sat down and peed very loudly.

When she finally came out of the bathroom Jill was finally in the waiting room and smirked underneath her mask as she saw the blonde woman coming out, looking finally relieved. Jill knew that at least whatever other pain that she was going to experience at the doctor that day the pain of a full bladder being unrelieved wasn't one of them, and for that she was thankful.

As Jill sat down in the waiting room and saw across from her was an attractive looking Asian woman all she could ever hope was that her bladder was at least as full as that of the blonde woman. It probably wasn't, but a girl could hope!

