Derivativewings omorashi short story game - Page 2

Author: DerivativeWings

*027*2020-10-28 18:36

@The_Letter_M

Thank you for your submission! It's very fun to see completely new omo ficwriters try their hand in this contest, and that has been a big boon with this thread I think. It seems like your submission came in later than expected due to needing to be approved, but since no judging has been done yet you should have made this round just fine - since Stacy gave you an upvote they presumably saw the submission before judging. I think posts need to be approved until a user has made 10 posts total on the site. I didn't consider the implications of this when creating the game but it could mean that a person with less than 10 posts ends up submitting their story too late. Of course, it was not an issue this time, luckily. For the future I suppose I might recommend users to get 10 posts before submitting to the game - mostly for their own sake as to ensure their submissions are entered before judging. But as I said it ended up not being an issue this time, so all's well that ends well.

As for submission length, there is no specific word limit in the rules list. A particularly long story does not break the rules and is therefore a valid submission, though an individual judge has the full right to decide which story wins each round for whatever reason which includes wordiness; some judges may enjoy a longer story in this format and others may prefer something more concise.

I would also strongly advise against picking beef with other writers here. I don't have the power to enforce this or any other rules; but I would want this game to be a space where different stories and writers can express themselves in a variety of ways. Sometimes a story is going to resonate poorly with a certain person, causing them to respond negatively. This is a perfectly good reason for a judge not to choose that story as a winner, but beyond that it's better to move on to stories that better resonate with you as a person. Part of the purpose of this thread is creating varied stories catering to a variety of different themes.

Finally (this ended up being kind of a long post, it's not just addressed to The Letter M, also just general information I figured I should get out there), this game is a fairly informal setting. The rules are generally somewhat malleable and more in service of keeping the game running smoothly rather than being hard rules that need to be followed to 100% in order to have your submission accepted. I appreciate it if people follow the rules since I believe that will lead to the game working better, but I have no power to enforce them and making a mistake or two is no big deal.

*029*2020-10-28 19:28

No worries whatsoever. The purpose of my comment was to clear up any potential confusion and wasn't only aimed at you, though I was a little worried it might come off as confrontational or critical. Intent is hard to convey through text, after all and that applies to all of us. I'm also well aware that it can be pretty scary to comment on a forum as a new poster.

If you or anyone else has additional questions about the game, feel free to send me a personal message as well. I look forward to seeing the judgement for this round when it happens, as there have been a number of very interesting stories this time around!

*031*2020-10-29 07:20

Thanks for your hard work, everyone! I had some fun with this latest theme because it’s something I don’t usually work with.

The next theme is; Toilet Queue.

*035*2020-10-31 00:36

Yeah it’s a pretty informal setting - I don’t want anyone to stress out over the game.

*040*2020-11-02 17:59

I’ll go ahead and do the judging tomorrow (in roughly 24 hours) unless something comes up.

*041*2020-11-03 20:09

Judging time. I won't be as in-depth as people and myself have been before (partly because I'm somewhat busy with other things, partly because I don't want to scare any potential future submitter into thinking every judging process has to be super ultra in-depth. I'll probably go for longer or shorter as the mood strikes... well, that is, if I actually end up winning again haha!)

Bismiris - Fun! I enjoyed the descriptions and focus on clothing and texture in this one. Her going back and forth between two separate queues is a neat take on the theme.

Railgun-Sama - Arcane Office is a creative and unique setting, and one I haven't seen before. Queue with multiple people waiting is something I personally enjoy a lot, and was definitely hoping for something like that when I selected this theme.

The_Letter_M - This story has an almost "stream-of-consciousness"-feel to it at times, which made me sort of feel like I got to be inside the main character's head, a little. I'm personally a big fan of robot pee AUs haha, but I know that's a somewhat unusual preference. It's not exactly realistic - what purpose would that serve? Still, it's something I enjoy and have entertained finding ways to fit into my own writing. Beyond that, I'm happy you're using this thread as a medium to practice as a writer! Creative work in general is kind of like building a kite from scratch while falling down a cliff haha, just gotta figure things out as you go.

I have to admit I had a slight bias against Railgun-sama this round; not only are they a legacy winner, they were also the last winner confirmed by me. However, their story was definitely the kind of thing I was hoping for when I set the theme, and I'm just a sucker for a creative fantasy or speculative fiction setting.

The winner this round is @Railgun-sama

, making them the first two-time winner.

*045*2020-12-19 17:59

The contest is alive as long as there are writers who will it so. Even if I were to step away, the contest could theoretically persist without me.

This time, I wrote what came to mind in the moment and just kept writing for as long as I felt like it. Submission;

###

It was... a stalemate. To her left, the overwhelming presence of Ev'lyn, intently focused. And to her right, the normally chatty Sandi had gone silent, those owl eyes of her scanning her adversaries for the any sign of weakness. The same was true for Hilga as well of course; it was unlikely she would ever find herself in a situation with greater stakes. As she had been taught, this was a battle on two levels - a physical, against her own body; and a mental, battling against her former companions.

In the dimly-lit room, all was truly laid bare between the three. Their struggle, their weakness, their determination. Drops of sweat would dance down Ev'lyn's neck and travel further down her defined arms, both as a result of the warm room and her concentration and struggle. Sandi would periodically bite her lip - a subtle sign which Hilga had not picked up on at first. Legs were constantly shifting, one crossed above the other and then the other crossed above one; this applied to all three, of course.

"Hnn hnnnf"

It was the first sound any of them had made in a long time, breaking the silence. Ev'lyn's low, throaty moan might almost have been threatening if it hadn't come from such a familiar source. It seemed things had gotten past a breaking point, and Ev'lyn was straining against a wave of pressure while massaging her midsection. Hilga could see Sandi shoot a glance towards the large woman - not a word came out of her, but her eyes were commanding; "submit and give up before you humiliate yourself further." Ev'lyn shuddered as she kept her body in humiliating motion, yet for the moment she did not give in.

Yet neither Sandi nor Hilga were as far behind as they might have appeared at first glance, or at least Hilga hoped that was the case. A moment's weakness could betray all of a woman's defenses, as demonstrated by Ev'lyn; crumpled and defenseless where before she was sitting as a proud warrior ought. Hilga was on that same razor's edge, ignoring the pleas and demands of her own body. If she was to be the one leading the triad, it would take that and plenty more. Sandi was a threat of course, poised much like a predator before swooping down for the kill. If she were to crush Ev'lyn, Hilga would be next.

...

Ev'lyn would rhythmically move now, pressing in, pressing down. Hilga caught a glimpse of her glistening inner thigh - sweat, or something else? Even a cornered animal will fight back, and Ev'lyn pushed on despite her dire straits. Sandi would subtly shudder and switch her legs around from time to time, but other than during these moments those predator eyes were always watching, watching. Her lithe form contrasted against her distended midsection and that intense gaze. Hilga wondered if it made Ev'lyn feel small, yet the woman seemed to focus so single-mindedly on managing her own body, locked in a reverie of pain and attempted control.

Hilga was fast approaching trouble, too. The knife's edge seemed thinner than she'd previously imagined, and she had started to worry she might not be able to fight against it as Ev'lyn had. That she might simply be pushed over. That she might.. spill. Her doubt reached its climax just as her body did - a wave. She fought back with all her might - she was beyond being able to care about appearances at this point even as it might destroy her.

"Haaan... Fooo..."

The sound escaped from deep within her, slipping out through her gritted teeth. When she was able to open her eyes, Sandi was analyzing her. There was the predator, the commanding eyes again. Yet Hilga thought she could make out just the faintest shimmer of doubt in there too - not only the absolute demand for submission she had seen before. She though. She hoped.

