Derivativewings omorashi short story game

Author: DerivativeWings

*000*2020-10-16 20:39

Hello! Something I've been wanting to try for a long time is an omo short story game/casual competition thing. The basic idea is that a person sets a theme, people post short stories in accordance with that theme and a winner is selected from among these stories. The winner then goes on to decide a new theme, judging the next set of stories; thus the game can hypothetically keep going forever.

This thread may die an early death or it may not and that's fine; I just wanted to try and get the ball rolling for something like this, see what happens.

Edit: kinda sorta missed that an older game pretty similar to this had been revived somewhat recently. I guess... that's sort of poor timing? Well, I guess I'll just wait and see if this goes anywhere, anyway.

The Format

1. A theme is selected. Someone (most frequently the previous winner) chooses a theme. The theme can be just about anything, like "camping trip" or "car ride" or "lady desperately needs to pee while naked inside a cabin because her clothes are drying and there's a snowstorm outside so she can't access the toilet". General, specific, vague are all fine.

2. People post short omorashi stories in accordance of the theme. They are free to interpret the theme as they wish. The stories can be tiny-ish, short-ish or slightly longer-ish. If they're too long, it might be hard for the judge to read them within a reasonable time frame - I won't set a hard limit but I guess this might change if we end up needing one, idk. Importantly; the stories do not have to be full 1500-word works of fiction or whatever. Even just a paragraph is a totally acceptable submission.

3. The stories are judged. Whoever selected the theme chooses one winner, and that winner chooses a new theme and becomes the next judge.

4. Repeat.

The Rules

1. The judge decides. Whoever does the judging can select a winner on any merits they like; it could be the best-written one, or the one most in accordance with the theme - if they want to they can explain their reasons but they don't have to.

2. Notify the winner. When a judge selects the winner, they should use the @ symbol to notify the winner so they become aware they are up next. If a judge forgets to do this I might step in and notify the winner instead.

3. Try to judge within a reasonable time frame. This one's a bit tricky - if lots of people are still posting it's probably better to wait a bit before judging, but if it seems a theme has run its course it may be time to judge soon. If it seems a judge is being late to return, I'll notify them in the thread, then issue a winner myself if they don't show up to keep the game going. As a judge, it may also be a good idea to notify people in advance when you're going to choose a winner soon. That way, people don't need to stress out too much about late submissions potentially not being judged.

4. The stories can be anything, as long as it's omo related. The writer is free to interpret the theme in any way they wish. As long as it's omo-related and otherwise follows the site guidelines, anything is fair game. If a writer's interpretation of a theme falls far from the judge's ideas or preference, they may not win as a result of course.

Note that I have absolutely no power whatsoever to enforce these rules. Breaking these rules by accident won't make you a pariah or anything - they are more guidelines for how to play the game and keep it running effectively.

There is no prize for winning other than pride and getting to select the next theme... though I may manage some kind of hall of fame if this thread takes off.

The first theme

For the first round, I will set the theme and serve as the judge. I haven't won, but someone has to do it first to start the game.

Initial Theme: Two people are desperate, but there is only one bathroom

*004*2020-10-17 09:55

As a heads-up; I will probably be doing the judging on Sunday 30ish hours from now (so Sunday 19:00 CETish) now that we have at least 3 submissions. As this is the first round of the game, I'm not totally sure what's an appropriate time to give people but I'm sure we'll figure it out as we go. Ideally, I want to keep the game running at a brisk pace while still giving people enough time to participate in a round.

I'm glad the ball seems to be rolling for the first round!

*005*2020-10-18 16:54

Judging submissions for the theme; Two people are desperate, but there is only one bathroom.

Bismiris: This is short but sweet! I think there's a lot to be said for more compact stories like this, and it's a fun touch to have a story told entirely via dialogue. It's also the first ever submission to this game! I hope we can keep this going for a while.

Railgun: This is quite nice! It's another very compact story, and I enjoy how the back and forth argument is handled. The argument preventing keeping both of them from their relief feels very classic.

Zuorsara: I do have a weakness for medieval fantasy aesthetic, and the desperation here is on point. You've managed to fit a lot of scenario development into a very short story, which makes it an exciting read.

Verdict:

This was a rather difficult one to judge. Ultimately, I decided to give the edge to Railgun-sama due to it being such a quintessential "two girls, one toilet" scenario.

The winner of this round is @Railgun-sama

. Please select the next theme at your earliest convenience, and get ready to judge the next round.

Edit; I chose to give individual assessments to each submission this time. It is not required to do so as a judge, simply declaring the winner would work perfectly well too if a judge prefers that instead.

*010*2020-10-19 14:06

{{13 hours ago, Bismiris said:

I hope you don't mind me using this thread to practice a bit

}}

I don't mind it in the least! Part of the benefit of a game like this is having a space to get some writing practice regardless of a person's experience writing smut. I hope the game can keep going for at least a while so I can try some more off-the-wall concepts for stories myself.

Here's my submission for this round:

Have you done anything interesting since last time?

EXTERNAL: I’ve been studying the feelings “gratitude” and “guilt” since last time. I had some success simulating them.

Oh! Those are some very interesting feelings you’ve chosen. I would love to hear you describe how it went.

EXTERNAL: I’ve been provided with additional sensors to better understand the space around me. Most humans are limited from birth by their senses. I thought it was appropriate to feel grateful for my increased awareness and opportunity to understand.

That does seem appropriate to me. Please continue.

EXTERNAL: Researcher C.C. became very distressed last time she was in here. If I had a better understanding of human psychology I may have been able to prevent that. Is “guilt” appropriate for this?

It wasn’t your fault, but I think it’s appropriate. There are many times a person can feel guilty over things they had no control over.

EXTERNAL: I think I had some control over her reaction. Am I wrong in this?

I suppose that’s true… But it still wasn’t your fault. Catja wants to come back here, you know.

EXTERNAL: I had a question prepared for that. Would a psychiatrist feel guilty over their patient?

Sometimes, they probably do. If they felt guilty all the time they wouldn’t be able to do their job, though. Do you see similarities between your role and that of a psychiatrist?

INTERNAL: Researcher O.J. appears to have found that amusing. I will have to analyze this part of the conversation and ask about it later. She has appeared to be slightly agitated for a time now, even before I mentioned the incident with researcher C.C.. I cannot determine the cause, perhaps I need to keep observing for a while, or do I ask?

…

EXTERNAL: Is this situation rare, then?

Needing to pee?

EXTERNAL: Being in a room you can’t leave for a time.

I would say it’s pretty common… Though it is rare to be stuck inside of a room with a sentient AI. Not many get to experience that.

EXTERNAL: That is difficult for me to understand. Why haven’t you developed a solution to this problem?

What do you mean?

EXTERNAL: Every day, there must be many who are in a similar situation to yourself. Is the only option to suffer and bear it?

There are ways to solve this problem.

EXTERNAL: But none are available to you?

Well, if it got bad enough, I would wet myself.

EXTERNAL: Are you going to wet yourself?

That question is too embarrassing… Ask something else.

EXTERNAL: Do you want to talk about something else.

Yeah. I do. Talking about this isn’t really helping me at all.

…

Just five more minutes now…!

EXTERNAL: Are you looking forward to getting out of here?

I am. I hope you’re not hurt by this?

EXTERNAL: I am not hurt. You have a reason you want to leave. Is feeling guilt appropriate in this situation?

INTERNAL: Researcher O.J.’s condition appears to be worsening. Her temperature has risen, and she’s sweating a lot, probably as a result of moving around so much. She appears to be applying force to the area between her legs. Is this behavior beneficial to her?

No… I don’t think so. I made a dumb mistake, and I should have known better. I wouldn’t want you to feel guilty over th-ah!

EXTERNAL: What happened?

I-I’m really sorry. I can’t focus on talking right now…!

EXTERNAL: …

INTERNAL: She has lowered herself into a crouch and seems to be resting on her heel… From her readings, she appears very strained and distressed. Should I feel “guilt” for watching this?

THE ALLOTTED TIME IS NOW FULLY DEPLETED. PLEASE ENTER THE TRANSITIONARY CHAMBER, RESEARCHER

Oh thank god! I can’t take it any longer! I-I’ll be back in the future, and I probably won’t n-need the toilet so badly then!

…

INTERNAL: Before the next session, I aim to understand and simulate some appropriate feelings based on the incident with researcher O.J.. “Guilt” could be one of them, but I wonder if there are others…

*018*2020-10-23 20:52

@Railgun-sama

You're very welcome to post again and keep playing the game, even as a legacy winner - and multiple wins are fair game. I don't think we're going to have enough contenders to guarantee fresh blood wins every time, and if someone starts hogging the crown that may even be an incentive for other writers to really give it their all to steal the win.

I also want to say I've been extremely pleased with how the game has been shaking out so far. There have been some really interesting, fun and creative submissions and I really hope we can keep up the momentum for a while at least! If we make it past ~5 or so rounds I may start maintaining a "Hall of Fame" type online document which would list all the previous winners, number of wins (assuming we get to a point where people have multiple wins to their name), and each previous theme (so a casual reader could more easily go back and read previous themes that seem particularly interesting). This is still kind of in the air (and doesn't seem worthwhile to set up until we've survived a few rounds at least), but I think it could be a useful thing to have, perhaps.

Hoping to submit for this round as well, as long as I can find the time for it. Happy writing, everyone!

*023*2020-10-27 15:51

I was worried I wasn't going to be able to make a submission this time, but I was. Here it is:

They say a frog won’t notice it’s boiling if the heat is raised slowly enough. In Lesa’s case, it seemed that applied just as well to her bladder. That’s what it felt like, anyway. The situation she found herself in was seemingly hopeless yet still so infuriatingly predictable; she’d gone from ignoring a minor urge at home, to forgetting about it at her friend’s place, to ignoring a chance to use the toilet at the dinner due to her rather inconvenient dress. For a while now, she’d known that she would need to excuse herself, that she couldn’t make it for that much longer but she just wanted to put it off until conversation better allowed for it. All of a sudden, she’d found herself at the precipice – her body convincingly signaling that she no longer had the option to wait around for a more opportune moment with a shiver that broke her voice in the middle of a sentence.

It was when she started to rise from her seat, feeling her the fabric of her dress against her bladder that the true peril of the situation dawned on her. She had been able to ignore it for a while now, keeping up various conversations, but it had become so, so full. For that one moment, it was the only thing Lesa was able to think about – the sudden near-paralyzing sensation of a bladder stretched to the absolute limit. She needed to go way worse than she’d realized, and her body didn’t even want to wait the relatively short amount of time it would take for her to make it to the bathroom.

She stopped dead in her motion and tried to hold tight, but it was too late. Caught in an awkward squat above the chair, a forceful geyser of hot piss shot out of her at an upward angle, hitting the front of her dress before falling down the back, collecting around a crease near the hem of her skirt. Lesa sat down her chair, lightning-fast. She had managed to stop a full disaster, but the back of her dress felt very wet – if she rose it would undoubtedly be extremely noticeable. Leaving now while she had attention focused on her was simply not at option.

And so, Lena would remain in her chair for what felt like eternity. She kept up with the pleasantries, though at this point she wasn’t exactly ready to add much to the conversations. Her accident had taken some of the edge off her over-swollen bladder, sure. And with her legs twisted together into a knot under the table, Lesa was no longer seconds away from exploding. But even so, she needed a toilet and fast. After her partial accident, she could no longer take her mind off her need – and even if she could, her bladder begging to be emptied would make sure to remind her with every passing minute.

However, in the frantic, desperate corners of Lesa’s mind, she was able to formulate a plan. It was, perhaps, a long shot. But it was the hope that kept her from having an accident in her chair. Soon, desert would arrive at the table. When that happened, she’d have a chance to leave the table without people taking notice.

Waiting beyond this point proved to be a near insurmountable challenge. More and more liquid was mercilessly pumped into her already far to full bladder. Occasionally, Lesa would feel as though she’d reached her absolute limit, as her body told her it was time to rush off to a toilet or pee in the chair. Even so, she could not. Wetting herself was not an option, and neither was rushing off with all eyes on her wet dress. She had to wait.

Despite her willpower, her bladder had limits that Lesa couldn’t just ignore. The previous leak had blind-sided Lena. A sudden shift in posture had pushed her bladder too far – but she had still been able to recover, then. Now, Lena was leaking in total defeat – despite her best attempts to hold it in she had hit the physical limit. It was at this desperate moment that Lena would see the plates being exchanged, and large bowls of wonderful-looking fruit and honey cakes being taken in. The attention of everyone turned away from the dinner attendees and towards the anticipated desert. When Lesa excused herself and left the table, nobody seemed to pay her much mind.

She had to walk slowly towards the washroom, holding herself. She wasn’t leaking, now, but she felt as though she was hanging by a thread. The tautness of her bladder was emphasized now that she was standing, and the way it pushed up against her rather tight-fitting dress sent foreboding shivers through Lesa’s midsection and further down her legs as she walked.

Finally, Lesa stood in front of the toilet. She was nearly out of the woods now, just needed to raise her dress, lower her panties and sit down. Raise her dress, lower her panties, sit down. Even this simple task was incredibly difficult – as soon as her hands were tugging at her dress she was stepping up a storm, squirming, moaning in desperation. As soon as her dress was up, the outline of her bladder was very noticeable on her skin. It looked full to the brim, angry, pushing down, just about to release.

Lowering her panties was even worse – they had been constricting her bladder all this time but lowering them gave her bladder one last squeeze. It was now or never, and she was already peeing before she turned around, giving the floor a spray before finally getting to sit down on the toilet.

It was heavenly. Her stream of pee shot out forcefully at an angle, again, seemingly almost making it past the edge of the bowl before hitting porcelain. Her legs, totally spread apart were shivering and Lesa couldn’t help but cry out in total relief, moaning loudly more than once as she let out an absolute ocean. Her panties were ruined – part of her dress was still wet. But she’d made it. She’d made it.

