A Dream Come True

Author: DesperateIce

*000*2020-05-02 23:03

Long time reader, first time posting. I really hope you enjoy the story!

I could hear my twin sister, Amy, and her friends giggling in the bathroom as I passed by with my plate of pizza one hand and a cup of coke in the other, making a b-line for my room before I got snatched up and was given a makeover. At 5’11, you’d think an 18 year old guy would be able to overpower a group of 5’5 and under 18 year old girls, but they were like piranhas with charisma. Just as I passed the bathroom littered with 5 teenage girls, I felt my bladder twinge. I didn’t really have to pee quite yet, just an inkling, and that definitely wasn't enough to convince me to kick them out just so I could pee. They’ll move out of there eventually, I can wait.

In the moment of hesitation and slight cross of my legs at the twinge, I glanced inside the restroom, and caught my sister’s friend Caroline staring at me. She looks me over and almost raises an eyebrow, but I start walking to my room faster out of embarrassment.

Caroline was a gorgeous girl, always had been. I had a crush on her the first day she came over to visit my sister. She had long blonde hair that she recently dyed a bright red, and brown, piercing eyes. Every time she looked at you, you felt naked, and you might as well be. She was scarily good at figuring out exactly what you were thinking. I started avoiding her the second I figured that out.

In the safety of my room I pressed play on the crappy horror movie that was playing in the background as I sat at my desk. I unpaused the equally awful game I had snatched for a couple cents on steam. An hour or so of corny screams and farming later, my coke was empty and the last few bites of my pizza had gone cold. At this point, the coke was settling into my bladder, and the twinges grew stronger and more pressing. My leg began bouncing over the effort of holding back, and I decided maybe this was a good time to check and see if the girls had migrated away from the bathroom.

I could hear giggles as I walked down the hallway. That was not a good sign. I turned towards the bathroom and my fears were confirmed. Two girls sat in the bathtub, my sister sat on the counter, and Caroline sat on the close-lid toilet. I clear my throat to get Amy’s attention, and she shoots me a look that I just know means “What do you want?”

I feel myself blush already, and decide to get through this as quickly as possible. I feel Caroline’s eyes on me and make a point to keep mine off her.

“Come on, Amy, you have a room. Why are you hogging the bathroom. I need to shower.” I lie, shifting from side to side.

“You can go right ahead…” one of Amy’s friends in the tub giggles and Amy tosses a toilet paper towel roll.

“Gross Jess, that's my brother. You really need to go get laid.” The girl who I assume is Jess turns pink and I hear what I know to be Caroline’s laugh. It distracts me for a moment and I miss what Amy says next.

“...What?”

“Oh my god, Nick, I know you dont have a brain but I didn’t realize you didn’t have ears either. I said that we just painted our toenails. We’re not going anywhere until they dry, I don’t want them to get messed up.” She stares at me, daring me to plead. I won’t give her that. I roll my eyes and glance once more towards Caroline. Am I crazy, or is she staring at my lower abdomen as I shift back and forth? She glances back up at me and I swear I can see her blush. I stand as still as I can.

“Forget it.” I snip, quickly making my way back to my room and shutting the door behind me. I flop onto the bed, wincing at this bad decision as the water sloshes around in my gut. I groan and bring a knee up into me until it passes.

I click play on the next movie, not even caring what it's about as I grumble, lying my arm over my face and waiting until I can hear giggling going into the next room.

###

I awake to the sound of my door creaking open, suddenly way too aware of how uncomfortably full my bladder is. I must’ve fallen asleep while waiting for the girls to leave the bathroom. I am still half asleep as someone slips into bed beside me, a slender hand running down my chest and pausing above my bladder. I shift uncomfortably just as the hand presses hard. I groan as a spurt of pee escapes into my boxers, and the person attached to the hand quickly places the other over my mouth.

“Shhhh, we wouldn’t want anyone to hear you, would we?” The female voice whispers into my ear and I shiver. Was that…?

My thought process is interrupted as once again she presses against my bladder, this time with even more vigor. Somehow, I manage to stop the larger spurt, not before the thigh of my sweatpants soaks up all of the liquid, darkening the grey fabric. The warm sensation begs me to keep going, to empty my bladder right there, but I manage to hold back. My breath is heavy as the hand is removed, and I can hear hers get heavy for what I imagine are other reasons. I sigh with relief as her other hand is pulled away from my bladder. A little more awake by this point, my eyes are starting to adjust to the dark. I can’t quite see her face as she shifts and moves beside me, but suddenly she rolls to the side and straddles over my waist.

The pressure of her sitting on my bladder almost is too much to handle, and another spurt further wets my pants. I grunt, making a point to suppress too loud of a noise as my hands go around her to squeeze my dick in an attempt to stop leaking. The girl on my lap giggles, her hips shifting over my abdomen in excitement. Moving over my bladder is not helping my predicament, and I whimper a quiet but desperate plea for her to stop, and she leans closer to me to respond. Before she can, I finally get a good look at her face. “..Caroline?” I say with surprise, cut off as Caroline meets her lips to mine. My shirt rides up as she wiggles and I can now feel that she’s only in her underwear, and I can feel the warm wetness soaking through them as she gently grinds against my stomach.

The initial shock settles and my long-awaited desires take over my actions, momentarily overriding my need to empty my bladder. My hand releases my shaft and joins the other as I slide my hand over the curve of her hips and waist. Her lower abdomen pokes out more than usual, and as I brush over it she shivers, stopping her grinding to press her womanhood hard against me. She isn’t quite quick enough as I feel my stomach get warm and wet, her bladder giving out for a second. The feeling makes me have to pee even more but also causes me to harden, stopping any more leaks for the time being. Her nails dig into my shoulders in her attempts to stop the leaks, and she gently moans as she does. Caroline kisses me again, my erection brushing over the exposed skin of her ass. She smiles through the kiss, reaching behind her and squeezing me through my sweatpants.

I have to put my arm over my mouth to keep from moaning too loudly, a movement that seems to excite Caroline further. She holds herself with her other hand, kissing my neck before letting go of both of us just long enough to slide my shirt over my head. She kisses down my stomach, her nails gently running down my now bare torso, covering me with goosebumps. My hand tangles itself in her hair and I tilt my head back, in pure bliss until she kisses right below my belly button and looks up as me mischievously. Before I have time to prepare, she bites her lip and presses firmly on my bladder. I grunt, curling in on myself a little as a full stream bursts out of my tip, audibly hissing into the fabric.

“No, not yet…” Caroline commands, quickly wrapping her delicate fingers around my member and squeezing to cut off the flow. It tapers off, but not before my entire lap is soaked. Caroline watched as the last bit of liquid darkens my sweatpants, her eyes spark with hunger as she slowly strips away my soaked pants and boxers. The air quickly cools my dampened skin, sprouting goosebumps, warming again as she rewraps her hands around my shaft, running her thumb in circles just underneath my tip. My grasp on her hair tightens as I am once again lulled into a false sense of security, blinded by the fact that Caroline, the Caroline I‘ve been in love with since fifth grade is in my bed with her hand wrapped around my-

I lurch forward as she suddenly presses the hardest she has so far directly on my lower abdomen, causing a spurt, no longer blocked by the soaked fabric of my sweatpants, to hit Caroline directly on the chest. Caroline squeaks and squeezes me tightly with her free hand, managing to stop the spurt from continuing to hit her in the chest. I turn bright red, whispering desperate apologies, but Caroline straddles back over me and presses me into a hungry kiss halfway through my apology. Her bra is soaked in my urine, warm and wet against my chest. She breaks the kiss only long enough to remove it, pressing her body against me. I can feel her nipples against my skin, and the extra presence of a barbell through both of them. I had gotten a glimpse of her nipples through her shirt on a couple occasions, and I had guessed that she had pierced them recently, but I wasn’t trying to lurk to figure out. Besides, this was a much more satisfying way to confirm my suspicions.

Caroline rocks her hips side to side over my hips, her underwear so wet with a mixture of pee and juices that they leak onto my shaft, a few times grazing her entrance as it peeks through her extremely revealing underwear. Each time it does it takes every fiber of my being to not thrust upwards as hard as I can, my need to pee the last thing on my mind right now. She pants breathlessly on my neck and stops moving just as my tip is teasing her entrance. For a second I think she’s going to lower herself onto me, but instead she whimpers, and then I feel her leak onto me. As the liquid trails down my shaft, I groan, and before she even has time to stop the leak I wrap my arms tightly around her waist and pull her down onto me as I thrust upwards. She cries out, muting the sound by biting my shoulder. She gasps as I trust again, pulling out just far enough that I can hear and feel a new found gush of urine down my shaft, soaking my sheets in seconds.

“P-please… hang on, wait… I.. oh!”

She pleads, the begging only encouraging my hunger, almost deafened by the feeling of Caroline writing in my arms. Her begging quickly ends, replaced by her gasps and gentle modes, tight around my shaft in a futile attempt to stop her waters. As soon as she does seem to gain control, I slide my hands to her hips, pulling her down on me harshly as my thumbs press into her still full bladder. She moans, seeming to ignore her own plea for quiet, propping herself up with her hands on my chest.

Her nails press into me, and as I pull back out she again floods my lap, stopping only as I thrust back into her, corking her back up. I do this a couple more times, my sheets soaked by the time her stream starts to die down. I think she's empty until I feel her walls twitch around me as she sits up and tilts her head back, her arms trembling. She hums as I realize that she is having an orgasm; I dig my fingertips harder into her hips, dragging her down onto me with each thrust. As the orgasm subsides the remaining waters pour out onto my lap, and she falls forward back onto my chest.

“You bastard..” She whimpers between thrusts, her hand slipping under her stomach and clawing into my bladder. I groan, unable to hold back any more leaks as I finally burst, my hand grabbing a handful of her hair and pulling her roughly to the side. She purrs excitedly, rocking her hips over me even faster. I keep my grip tight on her hair, my bladder sore as it finally releases hours worth of liquids, mixing with the puddle of Carolines that I’m already lying in.

Just as I tense and am almost over the edge, she pulls me out of her. I gasp, unable to stop the flood spraying out of me. Caroline positions herself so my unrelenting spray hits right on her clit. She purrs until the stream dies down, and as soon as it does, she drops her hips back down on me, slipping me back inside of her. I immediately thrust up as far as I can, getting faster and harder until Caroline is whimpering in my grasp. I start to see stars as I feel cum travel down my shaft. Caroline whimpers something along the lines of “wait-” just as I make one final thrust, moaning as I cum inside of her. I hold her tight against me as she's filled with my seed, eventually coming back down to earth enough to release my grip on her. She huffs, leaning down and placing one more kiss on my lips.

“Worth the wait. Until next time.” She purrs into my ear. I hear her gasp as she slides me out of her, and when she stands I can see my seed drip down her inner thighs. She bends over right in front of me to pick up her soaked bra and saunters out of my room. I hear the shower turn on down the hall.

I lie in bed for a few minutes without moving, trying to decide whether or not that all actually happened. The pool of urine around me cools enough to remind me it did. And, that now I have to figure out what to do about my soaked mattress.

