The Hallway (oneshot)

Author: Decim

*000*2023-12-06 23:27

I wrote this oneshot with the intention of eventually wrapping it into a greater story, but that hasn't happened yet so I decided I'd share it as is. The name is really just a placeholder and kind of lame so someday if I ever write the rest of it, it'll most likely have a different title. If/when that happens I'll make sure to link it somewhere in this thread. This the first omo story I've ever written, so any feedback will be greatly appreciated.

###

The hallway was long and narrow and as they tend to be, dark. If not for the moonlight seeping in from a lone skylight halfway down, it would’ve been pitch black. One could see which direction to walk in but nothing else. Total darkness like this was foreign to her having grown up in the city with its undying aura of light engulfing the sky. Consumed by shadow the walls here seemed to vanish; to the subconscious it was claustrophobic yet infinite. The deep silence was eerie too. Quiet threats slithered and lurked in the darkness whereas loud ones were at least more straightforward with their intentions. She was much more accustomed to the constant white noise of her home so this was deafening in a way. It was a foreboding place most would avoid traversing at this hour, but she really needed to use the bathroom. And, judging by the fullness of her bladder, it couldn’t wait until morning.

She remembered from earlier in the day that the bathroom was the door next to the skylight. That’s good. She knew where to go, she just had to get there first. Putting one tentative foot forward, she tested for creaks. Rather than the floor groaning under her weight however, her bladder was groaning under the weight of its contents. She took another step. She was moving much too carefully. Another step. Slightly quicker and less delicate. Another step. She froze for a moment as her bladder suddenly cried out in pain. Locking her legs together, she clenched as hard as she could. A couple drops escaped anyways—her control was cracking. As soon as she was able, she continued onward. Any sense of finesse soon left her stride as she was practically jogging at this point. Her eyes were fixated on the light; her goal, her salvation was drawing near. She was going to make it!

She stopped dead in her tracks. A stabbing pain ripped through her abdomen. The pressure was becoming far too much. Once again, she clenched with everything she had—even using her hands this time—but it wasn’t going away. Like a tsunami it pounded on her muscles and demanded release; it wouldn’t settle for a few drops this time. She simply couldn’t contain it all. Her muscles started fluttering—opening and closing rapidly. But the longer it went on, the longer they would stay open.

After an excruciating tug-of-war her control slipped for a moment. For an entire second it poured out of her at full force, shooting through her underwear and dripping down her legs. However she wouldn’t concede. Her muscles found their footing again and the flow was stopped. Finally the storm subsided, leaving her alone. For now.

She sighed heavily and felt a cool sweat on her nape. That was too close. The battle left her with a permanent dull ache in her bladder, and a dampness on the front of her pajamas. Blushing a little, she felt lucky to have been spared a total accident. Still it wasn’t nothing. She was much too old to be leaking like that.

Finally, she was under the skylight now and, looking up, she could see the moon. It seemed to stare back down at her. In the city it was merely this sickly yellow hole in the sky, but here it was a mighty bulbous eye, with pale bluish beams that shone down upon her like a spotlight. She felt naked under its illumination. Anything among the infinite shadows could bear witness to her weakness, her wetness. Her bladder ached for attention. Right, the bathroom.

As soon as she touched the doorknob, red-hot panic instantly crept up her neck. Every one of her nerves lit up like electric tendrils twisting throughout her body. Something shattered the silence. A thump. To her left. Further down the hallway. Thump. She stared into the darkness. Thump. She could feel her heartbeat in her ears. Thump. It was getting closer. Thump. She tried to flee, but stumbled backwards and fell. Thump. Frozen in fear, all her muscles tensed. All but one.

Another noise echoed through the hall. A sharp hissing sound. Just what kind of monster was approaching? Some kind of slithering snake? No, snakes didn’t have legs, that didn’t account for the thumping. Her mind spun out of control and she didn’t even notice the warmth growing underneath her. Didn’t feel the stream hitting the inside of her pajama pants, nor the trickle of it rolling down to her bottom. Her whole body was searing hot anyways. She focused entirely on the noise as her terror mounted. It was almost upon her.

“Aw jeez, are you seriously pissing yourself?” a figure stepped into the light. It took a moment, but she recognized it as her cousin. “Ew fuck,” he recoiled as he stepped into her puddle. “Hello? Earth to Emma? Man, did I really scare you that bad?” his words weren’t even registering, she was still just trying to catch her breath. “Why didn’t you just turn the lights on? Ya know, that switch right outside your door,” he walked past her and flipped them on. She squinted as her eyes were assaulted by the sudden explosion of light; the moon’s piercing gaze vanquished.

“See? All better now.”

She stuttered, “w-what are you... why are you out here?”

“I was going to the bathroom like you’re doing now, idiot,” he said while pointing at the floor between her legs. This puzzled her for a brief moment until she looked down and saw the puddle she made. Just now the stream started sputtering to a halt. She hadn’t even realized she was peeing all this time. “You better mop that up with something, what a mess,” he said as he walked into the bathroom and shut the door.

Her vision clouded with tears—she felt cheated. She was right there, at the bathroom door about to walk in but her control was stolen at the finish line. She made it! Yet here she was on the floor, defeated, sitting in a mess of her own creation. No that’s right, it was her fault. This whole thing could’ve been avoided if she had just looked for a light switch. Such an idiot. Shame and regret overflowed in her eyes, dripping down and contributing to the cooling ocean surrounding her. She felt so small, crying over her own mistakes like a child. This feeling was familiar, yet she couldn’t remember why.

