Not My Finest Hour

Author: Dale Miller

*000*2020-02-27 23:19

I've had this story knocking around in my head for about four years, but never got to write it down until now. Enjoy.

I feel like everybody has an embarrassing story about wetting themselves. Maybe you had to pee during a class and the teacher wouldn’t let you go. Maybe it was a drunken night out with a long train journey where you just couldn’t hold it any more. For some people (and I’m not judging) it’s a fetish thing and they do it on purpose. I never had any of that. My embarrassing story was the time I wet myself, by accident, aged 24. It was all thanks to one man, who I will simply be referring to as ‘him’ for the duration of this story.

I was working at the time as a receptionist at a lovely little hotel on the coast. It was hands down the nicest job I ever had. My colleagues where amazing, the views were astonishingly good and the guests were rarely anything other than friendly and easy to deal with. I had a full time job I absolutely loved, I had very little in my life to complain about. But every time I clocked off, my heart sank knowing I had to go home to my then boyfriend; him.

There had been two of us working the front desk on this particular day, this was quite common, checking in and checking out times were the only busy periods and even then we rarely had much of a queue because we were a small hotel and we had the process down to a fine art.

During the rest of the day you pretty much had one person at the desk while the other person took care of other duties. This meant sitting for long periods of time drinking coffee which would work its magic on the bladder.

This usually wasn’t a problem, I had got used to holding on for longer and got better at it. Most of the time, I didn’t even know how desperate I was until I got home.

This was one of those days, I had started at eight in the morning and was finishing at five in the evening. The end of my shift was approaching and the last time I had gone to pee had been around lunchtime. I averaged about four of five cups of coffee during a working day, so my bladder was pretty full at this point. But it was fine, I would go when I got in like I always did.

One of my favourite things about the job was the uniform. It was nothing special, but I looked pretty damn fine in it (if I’m allowed to say that). I wore a button-up shirt, a dark green blazer with my name tag on it (“Rachel”), and a loose-fitting skirt with tights and black heels. The blazer looked amazing on me because it complimented my long red hair, and because the skirt was loose-fitting I rarely felt much pressure on my bladder. I was also a little over-weight at the time and very few outfits looked good on me, so it was amazing to wear something I actually felt comfortable in. Even thinking about all the comments from him about my weight couldn’t knock my confidence when I wore that outfit.

So five o’clock came, I collected my things, clocked out and headed for the bus stop. I noticed how uncomfortably full my bladder was when the bus starting knocking me about on the way home. But still, the journey home was not that long.

I got off at the stop near our house and made my way down the driveway, not noticing anything odd at that point. I did notice that I was starting to hold my legs together, which was unusual because I never usually got this desperate. I was starting to rummage around in my bag for the front door key when I heard the voice from behind me…

“Rachel?”

It was him. He was sitting in our car, in the driver’s seat with the window down.

“Hey” I said, slowly walking towards the car. I always approached any unusual behaviour with caution. “Are you just going out?”

“We’re just going out” he said, not giving me any choice in the matter, though that was to be expected. “I want to take you out to dinner.”

There’s was no way this was going to end well.

“Ok, that’s nice” I said “where are we going?”

“You’ll find out, won’t you?” He replied.

“Ok, well let me just go and get changed and…” I had started to say before he cut me off.

“I want you down here in five minutes, I don’t want to be late.”

I didn’t need telling twice. I put my stuff down as quickly as I could, and rushed upstairs to get changed.

I really had to pee, but there was no time to do that and get changed. Even then, I wasn’t worried about that. Wherever he was taking me, there would be a toilet I could use. I really was stupid back then.

With no clue as to where we were going, I had no idea how to dress. I quickly put on a white blouse, my best pair of blue jeans and changed my heels for a nice pair of flats. I was dressed for all occasions, as far as I was concerned. Not dressed ideally for bladder failure, however I was not thinking about that just yet.

I bolted down the stairs and out the door, locked the door behind me and got in the car. I was actually just over five minutes, but I suspect the time limit was more power play than any actual concerns about punctuality. It was then I thought that I probably did have time to pee and was now desperate enough to realise that I should have done so.

We drove for fifteen minutes, still with no indication of where we were going, my desperation getting worse now by the minute.

Suddenly he pulled into a cul-de-sac, and stopped the car. Anxiety kicked in, my fear of what he was about to do was being enhanced by my fear of having an accident.

He gave me the look. The puppy dog eyes. He’s not angry, I thought, he wants me to do something for him.

“I want you to quit your job” he said, bluntly.

“Oh for goodness sake” I said “Is this about my manager?”

“I don’t the sound of him. The way you talk about him, it’s as if he’s eyeing you all up like a kid in a sweet shop.”

This had been last night’s topic of discussion. I wished now I had kept my mouth shut.

“He’s a creep” I said “But he’s the hotel manager, and I honestly don’t see that much of him. Also, I can look after myself.”

“Please” he said, with the look “just do this for me.”

“And what am I supposed to do then, for money?” He hated that I had my own money “You know how much I love that job.”

“Please…” he started, before I lost it.

“No!” I screamed “You know what, no. I’m sick of being a good girl and doing everything you ask me to. It’s my job. It’s one of the only things I still have that’s mine!”

The face changed into the one I feared the most. I had made him angry. He started up the engine, and began to reverse out of the cup-de-sac.

“Where are you taking me?” I asked, in terror.

“I’m taking you back to work” he said, through his teeth “where I will ask to speak to your manager, and tell him exactly what I think of him.”

Sadly, this was not even the worst thing he could have done. My fear of what he might do was very quickly getting usurped by what I was about to do to the car seat if I did not get to a bathroom very soon.

“Fine” I said “But do it on your own, I am not going to be party to it. Take me home.”

“If you want to go home, you can walk home” he said.

“FINE!” I screamed “then let me out of the car!”

He slammed on the breaks, leaned over and opened my door for me, clearly I was not capable of even doing that for myself. I stepped out of the car, and slammed the door shut, glaring at him the whole time. He sped off without a moment’s hesitation.

Only then, once he was out of sight, did I realise what a terrible mistake I had made. I was moments away from wetting myself, and I knew it.

A quick Google search on my phone gave me the location of the nearest public toilet. It was quite a walk, but I thought I could make it.

I left the cup-de-sac, every step causing me agony. The adjacent street was uphill, but had a park with restrooms at the top. As I made the ascent to the top of the hill I noticed an alleyway leading to a side street. I paused there for moment, aware that I was wasting precious time but also aware that there was no one around and this could be my golden (no pun intended) opportunity.

I had never peed outside before, not even once. Even as a teenager getting drunk in the park, I had always made it to the toilet. But this was an emergency.

I hobbled into the alleyway, had one last look both ways and quickly unbuttoned my jeans before pulling my jeans and panties down, exposing myself to the chilly air. I stood, bent over, bare backside, longing for release. But I couldn’t. I had come over all bladder shy. Of all the times to freeze up, this was not one of them.

Come on, I thought to myself. You have to pee so bad, why can’t you just do it? I closed my eyes, and started to relax. Eventually, I managed to start a slow stream. I breathed in, ready to let out a sigh of relief, when all of a sudden, I heard footsteps.

Shit. Someone was coming. The flow stopped on its own, and I quickly pulled my pants back up, and buttoned my jeans again. Seconds later, the pedestrian who’s footsteps had interrupted my progress walked past and gave me a polite smile. I returned the smile, whilst trying not to look like someone who was about to loose control.

I looked down and viewed my work on the pavement, all that for the tiniest little splash on the ground.

I stepped out of the alleyway, utterly devastated and continued the torturous journey up the hill to the park.

It was in sight, but still so far away. Every step was bringing me closer to loosing control, but I kept going. One more step. Then another. Then another. And another. Until I knew, there was no way I was going to make it.

My brain entered irrational mode. All sense of reason had disappeared, all I knew in that moment was that I needed to pee and it didn’t matter where.

I was stood at the end of someone’s driveway, right by their front door was a very inviting looking flowerpot. Probably lovingly cared for and cherished, but I was not thinking about that. For all intents and purposes, it was a toilet. I started down the driveway, made it to the doorstep, let out a devastating moan while desperately holding myself. It was about to come out, I could feel it. I started unbuttoning my jeans again, when the front door opened and a very sweet looking lady was staring at me.

“Can I help you?” she asked. Any other time, I would have adored this woman but right then she was the greatest monster who ever lived.

I went into meltdown, started crying and couldn’t make sense of what was happening. I started to say “can I please pee in your flowerpot?” but even I realised that was the dumbest thing I could have said. I then tried to ask if I could use her toilet, but the words wouldn’t come. They got lost behind my sobs. She knew what was happening the same moment that I knew. The moment my bladder finally gave up, and started emptying into my panties, making a dark patch in the crotch of my jeans that was spreading outwards and down, filling my shoes and soaking my feet, making a monstrous puddle on this stranger’s doorstep. There was nothing I could do but let it happen. It was not going to stop until I had no more in me.

Lord knows what she must have thought of me. A woman in her twenties, hardly able to speak, turns up just to piss in front of her house.

I was too mortified to look her in the eye. I apologised through a sea of tears and walked home, head down, lower body soaked, crying all the way.

I’m not with him anymore.

