Trollskogen

Author: DerivativeWings

*000*2024-04-01 20:51

Trollskogen

A collaboration from Blåbärsskogen

About the creatures that live in the forest, people who know what it is like say: “They don’t think like you and I do.” They have a completely different way of thinking, what is important to humans is trivial to them, and what is trivial to us is vital to them. They love to play pranks on each other. An ordinary person would perceive these inventions as both childish and malicious, but the forest creatures are willing to sacrifice anything for the perfect prank.

It’s lucky that the human world and the world of the forest creatures are disconnected from each other, because otherwise no one would ever get anything done with all the elves and gnomes and tots and trolls running around everywhere! But; Once a year on a special spring day that you may have even heard of, the forest spirits spin their pranks outside the forest and into the human kingdom. Then the magnificent and powerful can take their time! The forest spirits think it is especially fun to joke with people who think they are so serious and important all the time…

The forest is big, bigger than all the countries where people live. And in the forest there was a legend that everyone heard; the mighty Sjörået demanded revenge on the silver queen in the kingdom to the northwest. The human queen had built her castle over the most beautiful river, where Sjörået's many daughters and sons had their domain. People now tramped around the lake and built their houses there, and Sjörået's closest people who had enjoyed the freedom, beauty and privacy of the lake had left the clear waters. Therefore, the queen would be punished on this day.

In a whisper on the wind came Sjörået's magical command, and all the creatures who happened to be slightly in need of a pee at that moment suddenly found themselves in urgent need of finding some bush or stone, for such was her power. While all the fairies, huldras, goblins and vittros were urinating profusely in the forest, they learned the great hardship the silver queen would be subjected to: she would be denied a commode, a porcelain potty and a latrine until her bladder would become unbearably full and she would wet her dress. That the queen was very capable and could hold on for hours without visiting the ladies' room was well known, and that she was even more capable than all the other princesses and queens near and far.

So all the creatures who had created small puddles in Sjörået's domain gathered and forged their plans together. The Silver Queen must be strong-willed like the red fish that migrate up streams to their homes, and wise like the great birds that choose blind corners in the night to silently swoop down on their prey, everyone knew this. The reward for humiliating her was therefore very great, and Sjörået had many treasures to give.

Sjörået was the first to use her power in the morning before all the people had time to wake up. She spoke to the water in the lake and the wells near the queen's castle and said this: "When they have drunk of you, water, you shall quickly flow through their bodies, and fill their bladders at a much higher rate than you usually do." And the water, who was faithful to her, replied "So I will. I shall flow faster than usual today."

And the people woke up, and the castle's maids drew water from the well so that everyone could drink. Maids and silver princesses urinated even when they woke up, some more than others as they had had time to fill during the night. But the silver queen did not pee. Three goblins had sneaked into her room before sunrise, and all sat down on her night chair together. And three goblins, filled with Sjörået, were enough to fill the china to the brim. The goblins had had difficulty holding on until they were on the chair, so they were very relieved when they were allowed to put water in the queen's potty. They had then closed the lid and sneaked out of the room.

So the queen woke up and dressed, and her maid who helped her had peed a lot in her china potty that morning, enough to fill it completely. But the queen felt no anxiety about starting the day without emptying her bladder after the long night. She could probably go the whole day without peeing. And now this would be tested, for now that the queen was dressed it was very difficult for her to use any other china.

The day came, and as the people of the castle drank from the enchanted waters of the lake, many of them needed to make extra trips to the bathroom, sometimes in a hurry. The queen, who had woken up with a terribly full bladder that had since filled even more, was actually terribly thirsty even as the sun was directly overhead. She knew she wouldn't be able to hold out all day, but she had some important queenly business to attend to before she had to go to the bathroom.

Meanwhile, in the rest of the castle, the forest creatures were performing their various pranks. The gnomes who could sneak through the walls locked outhouses from the inside, which led to longer queues and the occasional accident among the servants. They wanted to make sure that the Silver Queen would not have an empty toilet to use when she decided it was time. One of the three Silver Princesses got so pee-sick that she peed in a bush, which is something royals never do. The gnomes, who had done their job and wanted to have some fun for themselves, took the opportunity to tickle the ladies who were peeing outside with a dandelion flower, which made them scream and run away. The Silver Princess peed on her dress when they did it, and the gnomes laughed so hard that they all had to pee again even though they had already done it before.

Huldra had an important mission. She had sneaked into the kitchen, and disguised herself as a cook. She hid her tail in a pocket of her dress. Once in the kitchen, she made sure that the food and drink used the water that Sjörået had bewitched, so that everyone in the castle ate and drank from it and became thirsty. Huldra herself, however, had the problem that she needed to pee really badly. Because she was disguised with a mission to perform, she couldn't run and pee outside like the other forest creatures did, and there were so few free toilets. But the forest rascal's magic worked on her too and she was absolutely explosive in the kitchen.

Now there were a lot of servants there who needed to use the toilet or the outhouse often, but it wasn't free and no one had time to stand waiting outside the door. So many of the people working in the kitchen, including Huldra, rubbed their legs against each other and looked longingly for their chance to run away and fulfill their screaming needs. Hundra was certainly not the only woman in the kitchen who could only think about how desperate her need to pee was. In the end, it was so hard for her to hold back that she ran down to the wine cellar and used a large bottle out of necessity. And she wasn't the only one who did that during the day, but her bottle was the one that was filled the most.

At the same time, the fairies flew around and performed various tricks and pranks. Unlike huldras and goblins, it was difficult for fairies to do a certain thing if you told them to. You could certainly ask a fairie if she couldn't perform a trick on a certain person, but there was no guarantee that she wouldn't then get something else for herself. The fairies had simply been let loose to create disorder in the castle, so that no one could rest or do what they had to. The fairies stole various porcelain items, moved keys to rooms and toilets, but sometimes they found themselves doing something completely different. The result was still what Sjörået wanted.

A fairy, the Cornflower Fairy as she was called, had decided to steal a pair of hedge shears while the gardener was taking the opportunity to pee in a pot. The shears were very large for a fairy, and she also had big plans for them. She had possibly forgotten Sjörået's plans, and the reward that awaited, but with a cutting board in both hands she could see the best pleasure she could ever imagine.

The queen was just then on her way through the royal garden. She had reached her limit, and walked quickly to her room to use her night chair or a chamber pot. Her belly was so swollen that one might have thought she was with child, but it was water in her bladder that was protruding. In most legends it is very unusual for queens to need to pee, since it is beneath their dignity to show and admit such things. But the silver queen was more pee-sick than any queen had been in hundreds of years, and it was completely impossible for her to hold back.

The stolen hedge trimmer took the Cornflower Fairy with both hands and in three quick cuts she had cut off the queen's dress, snap-snap. And there it fell to the ground, leaving the queen completely exposed. Everyone who looked could see her royal backside and pee-filled belly. And the queen turned very red in the face as she fought not to pee on the patch of ground she was standing on.

&&

And the fairy who had stolen half the queen's dress laughed and laughed until she almost peed herself. She thought it was incredibly funny that it almost happened, so she laughed even more. She laughed so hard that she finally realized that not only was she almost about to pee, but that she couldn't hold back any longer and the pee was coming out. Then she got excited, and she tore off her cornflower blue panties and peed right in front of the queen.

The queen finally saw a fairy pee in the grass right in front of her, which was the last straw for her. The fact that she had decades of trained patience didn't matter when her bladder was as full as it was then, and when another woman did her thing, it didn't work. The queen lost control and started to pee violently, more than anyone else had done that whole day. And that doesn't just include the people who lived in the castle, and the forest creatures who had come to make a fuss. But the queen peed more than any other person or forest creature in the whole world that day. And maybe because it was incredibly nice for her, but every drop that fell splashed down her honor and dignity as queen.

&&

And in the other world, Sjörået also peed for the first time that day. She had saved that pleasure for these, because the queen couldn't hold back any longer. She stood naked in her own domain, with her legs apart and a bladder almost as full as the queen's, and peed right into the water. No living creature was allowed to visit this place, and therefore no one was allowed to see her pee. And that was perhaps what made Sjörået's revenge sweetest, that she knew that no one could see her do what the queen had failed to keep private. And she would reward the Cornflower Fairy most of all.
