Schrödinger's Bathroom Line

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2020-08-02 11:41

This one I just wrote last night because I needed a story that I could write in like 20 minutes and this was one of the shortest ones on my upcoming stories list, and also the last story on that list as it turns out. I've actually written quite a few stories involving Schrödinger's cat under my own name since I am a sci-fi novelist, so it's only natural that eventually I would write a story about that involving my pee fetish. So here is sort of a story that is sort of like a physics joke told through the lens of a bathroom line. Enjoy! Also available in my blog https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/1754.html

Schrödinger's Bathroom Line

Jill could feel that her bladder was about to explode and she couldn't wait for intermission to arrive so that she could finally get to the bathroom. Unfortunately she got bottlenecked and there was that usual crowd that was surging towards the back of the theater that was surely going to beat her to the bathroom.

"I just know there's going to end up being a line!" Jill said as she shook her head.

"Maybe not," said her friend Ralph. "Have you ever heard of Schrödinger's cat?"

"You mean where that guy puts the cat in the box with the poison to see if the cat will eat the poison?" Jill asked. "Yeah I think I remember hearing something about that, which sounds like a really lousy thing to do to a cat, even as part of an experiment."

"Yeah but the point I am making is that until someone actually looks in the box to see if the cat has eaten the poison both possibilities exist in alternate parallel universes."

"And what exactly does that have to do with my current situation?"

"Well I think that it can apply to the bathroom line as well."

"I'm afraid that I am still not following you."

"Don't you get it, the same thing is true of the bathroom line as is true for the cat. Until you actually see the bathroom line and encounter the bathroom line there exists both the possibility that there is going to be a really huge bathroom line, as well as the possibility that there will be no bathroom line at all."

"At a crowded event during intermission believe me there is always going to be a line at the ladies room!"

"Not until you see the ladies room line, until then it only exists as a theoretical possibility in some type of state of quantum fluctuation or something along those lines. Here let me try something."

Ralph took a blindfold and tied it around Jill's face and eyes.

"What the hell do you think you are doing?" Jill said as she reached for the blindfold to take it off.

"Well wait let's just test this hypothesis out. I will lead you over to where the bathrooms are and as long as you don't see a line for the bathroom the bathroom line only exists theoretically infinite number of reality and timelines."

"I can't believe this, this is the stupidest thing I have ever heard," Jill said as Ralph led her to over where the bathrooms were. "I can hear a lot of people, I am pretty sure that there is a bathroom line."

"Not until you actually see the bathroom line if it exists or not," Ralph said. "Right now the line only exists in theory."

As Jill stood there with a blindfold over her face she felt like an idiot. "Can I finally just take this stupid thing off, I'm pretty sure there's a bathroom line there and that I am waiting very much at the end of it regardless of what universe we may or may not be inhabiting right now."

"Okay fine you can take the blindfold off," Ralph said as Jill removed the blindfold and saw that the line was sneaking down the hallways such that she couldn't even see the beginning of the line from where she was.

"God dammit I knew there would be a line!" Jill said shaking her head and folding her arms in frustration." See it didn't matter that I was blindfolded or not, there was still a line one way or the other and other people were acknowledging the fact that the line existed by observing it."

Ralph laughed. "You know that's actually true, I suppose the fact that other people can make an actual observation of the reality of the line existing automatically makes it come into existence. But hey Jill, and maybe you can take solace in one thing."

"How can I take solace in anything, there's no way I'm going to be able to get through this line before intermission ends!"

"Well if the whole idea of multiple realities exists and Schrödinger's right about quantum whatever, well this means in some type of alternate parallel universe there is no line whatsoever and you have already gotten into the bathroom!"

"Well little good that does me here in this reality! I wish that I was parallel universe Jill right now, she's not about to piss herself! Hey Ralph where you going?"

"Well I'm going to use the men's room, fortunately there's no line," Ralph said as he ran into the men's room smiling.

"Multi-verse or not I am pretty sure that that is true in every reality!" Jill said as she frowned and stood at the end of a very long bathroom line whose very length suggested that the possibility that reality was infinite in all directions was very distinctly possible.

