A Desperate Hike through the Park in Covid Times

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2021-06-11 16:31

I wrote a story a couple of days ago and I was waiting to update it as this was a story that was directly inspired by an experience that I had at work this week that I related in my thread about telling where the bathrooms are. Anyway that's what happened then when I got home from that experience I immediately wrote this story that I hope you will enjoy. This is a fictional story but was inspired by real events. Pretty much it was my experience at work except I made it a bunch of hikers experiencing it instead. It just brings up the fact that during these times of Covid that a lot of places like park bathrooms, that I now unfortunately rely on, are often closed or not maintained due to the Covid epidemic and is having a very negative impact on my bladder! Also in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/6699.html

A Desperate Hike through the Park in Covid Times

Jill, Nicole, Austin and Ted were all walking through the forest deciding that they would go have a hike since it was one of the first nice days of the summer and they hadn't been out of the house and gotten any fresh air in a long time due to the quarantine that everybody had been living under. With Covid in full force most crowded places weren't open to the public but they thought that a day out in the woods would be a good way to get some exercise and practice social distancing by always walking at least 6 feet apart. Of course it was important to keep oneself rather well hydrated while you are out hiking all day so they didn't neglect to make sure that they had plenty of liquids for them to sustain themselves during the long warm day.

As they continued hiking through the woods and drinking down liquids of course their bladders were gradually filling up and after a few hours of this it could be ignored no longer.

"So how is everybody doing?" Austin said as he stopped and took a drink from his water bottle as everyone did likewise. "We haven't stopped for a break in a while so I thought that we should perhaps take a rest here for a while. How is everybody feeling? I just want to make sure that nobody is coming down with heatstroke all of the sudden or anything like that."

"I'm feeling pretty well all things considered," Jill said not being accustomed to hiking so much but glad that she managed to get some exercise and get out of the house for a while. Of course there was one thing that was bothering her and that she didn't want to admit to the rest of the group.

"Is it just me or does anyone else really need to take a raging piss?" Ted asked as he drank from his water bottle.

Everyone sort of laughed nervously, glad that Ted was the one being tactless enough to break the silence about the thought that was going through all of their brains. Austin simply nodded as Jill and Nicole looked at each other and nodded back.

"Are the rest rooms around here anywhere?" Jill eventually asked realizing that they had walked really deep into the woods and she knew that the bathrooms were located somewhere in the middle of the park so that they had to be near them.

"Yeah we have been walking for a really long time and I would think that we should have found them by now," Nicole said looking around clearly looking rather agitated but not wanting to admit it.

Austin looked at the map. "Yeah they should be around here in a little while so I guess if we just keep hiking we will find them eventually."

"Well I sure hope so," Jill said suddenly feeling a little bit embarrassed at having admitted that she clearly needed the bathroom pretty badly, but she was pretty sure that everybody else in the group needed the bathroom equally as badly, so that made her feel better about it at least.

"Well come on ladies let's go find a place to piss!" Ted shouted as they began hiking once again. They continued hiking for another 10 or 15 minutes when they realized that they hadn't yet arrived at the park bathrooms and the guys couldn't help but notice that Jill and Nicole were walking kind of funny.

"Something the matter ladies?" Austin asked as the two women looked at each other sort of awkwardly. "We don't want to leave any stragglers behind."

"Yeah when are we going to get to the bathroom already," Nicole said as she sort of crossed and uncrossed her legs rather subtly but enough that it was noticeable.

"What's the matter ladies, you can't hold in your liquids," Ted said as he laughed. "Women can never hold it it in, they are always constantly having to go to the bathroom."

"Hey you are the first one who mentioned having to piss," Nicole said clearly looking annoyed at him.

Ted nodded. "Fair enough, and if we don't find a bathroom soon I'm just going to go piss in the bushes or something like that."

Nicole shook her head. "And you say we're the ones who lack self-control where it is you guys who are always peeing all over the place, can't even wait to get to a bathroom."

"I think that we all can't wait to get to the bathroom," Jill said finally speaking up as she realized that all that water that she had been drinking was going straight to her bladder at just that moment.

"Okay let's just keep walking and we will come to the bathroom eventually," Austin said as he waved them forward pointing the direction where he knew the bathrooms were.

It only took them another couple of minutes before they could finally see the restrooms off in the distance. As soon as they saw the bathroom they began to pick up the pace and soon they were all running towards the bathrooms, practically sprinting, only for them all to stop short in their tracks.

"Closed due to Covid, well ain't that something," Ted said. "Well if I knew that was going to be the case I would have just peed in the bushes 20 minutes ago."

"Closed," Jill said as she looked at the sign on the door and tried opening the door to the ladies room before also trying to open the door to the men's room shaking the handle as hard as possible just trying to get it open.

"There's another bathroom though isn't there?" Nicole said as she jostled the handle to the locked bathroom as well.

Austin shook his head. "No, as far as I know this is the only bathroom in the entire park and the nearest bathrooms are, well these are the nearest bathrooms, and quite frankly we don't even know where there are other bathrooms, I guess none until we get out of the park then."

"But how can they not have bathrooms open to a public place like this," Jill said as she struggled to keep herself calm and avoid going into panic mode in front of everybody, lest they declare her to be hysterical or suffering from the effects of heatstroke.

"But I guess nobody wants to be cleaning and disinfecting them during the pandemic," Austin said. "Well ain't this a kick in the teeth though. Stupid Covid."

"Well now what the hell are we supposed to do?" Nicole said.

"Well I don't know about you ladies but I'm gonna go take a piss in the bushes," Ted said.

"Yeah I don't really like doing that but as much as I hate that I think that I really do need to relieve myself pretty badly," Austin said.

"What about us?" Jill said, beginning to panic in spite of herself knowing that there weren't any other bathrooms nearby and that these all appeared to be closed.

Nicole looked at the guys and looked at Jill. "You guys go take care of business, Jill and I will catch up with you in a moment."

Nicole started to lead Jill away by the hand and Jill started stopping in her tracks "Nicole where are you going? Do you know about some type of other bathroom out there?"

Nicole looked around in every direction and laughed. "Yeah, it's called nature."

"Yeah if you are a guy," Jill said. "But what are we supposed to do?" Jill stood there looking at Nicole who had a fiendishly evil smile on her face before she shook her head but Nicole simply nodded back. "You're not actually going to go pee out in the park are you?"

"Well normally I wouldn't but desperate times definitely call for desperate measures," Nicole said.

"You mean you're just going to go pee out there out in the open with all the bugs and everything and, well what if somebody sees you?"

"Well that's why my buddy Jill is going to stand guard for me, come on," Nicole said as she led Jill over to what looked like a fairly private area and looked around to see if anybody was coming. "Now hurry up, you just stand guard to make sure the guys don't come by while I am using nature's little girl's room."

Jill had to admit that she thought this was rather weird and she never knew that Nicole would ever resort to peeing outside, to her that was pretty much unthinkable, exposing her ass to all of the crazy critters and potential leering perverts out there in the wild, no thanks. She didn't care how badly she had to go. But apparently Nicole wasn't similarly inhibited.

"Okay Jill you just stand in front of me and sort of block the view," Nicole said as she started pulling down her pants and squatting in the bushes behind Jill.

"So are you going to get started," Jill said eventually as it didn't seem like anything was happening.

"Hey I will, just a minute, just give me a minute, I can't go while you are talking to me!"

"Sorry," Jill said as she stood straight up and looked forward before she eventually heard a loud trickling noise as Nicole began relieving herself. The loud hissing sound of Nicole's pee was quite forceful and Jill had to admit that she hadn't realized just how badly Nicole had to go to the bathroom. Of course hearing her relieving herself wasn't making Jill's situation any better, in fact it was all she could do but to avoid whimpering.

"Okay Jill," Nicole said as Jill turned around to see that Nicole was adjusting her pants and smiling. "See it was pretty simple, you want me to stand guard for you?"

"No, I think I'm good," Jill said as she stood there with her legs very obviously crossed.

"Are you sure, you look like you have to go pretty damn bad," Nicole said as she watched Jill standing there with her legs crossed bending at the knees a little bit trying not to frown but clearly was looking really agitated and fidgety.

"Hey what's the holdup ladies!" Ted said as he came running over startling Jill and Nicole. "I didn't interrupt you with anything did I?"

Ted sort of smirked and snickered when he said that, making Jill think that he probably knew what Nicole was up to in the bushes.

Jill and Nicole looked at each other before shaking their heads. "Nope, I certainly can say you didn't," Jill said.

"So is everybody taking care of business," Austin said as he came over with a similar smirk.

Nicole looked like she was about to say something before Jill simply nodded. "Yeah I think that we have taken care of everything, haven't we Nicole?"

Nicole knew that Jill was absolutely dying for the bathroom, and she felt evil about it, but something about that suddenly made her feel a bit emboldened, like something evil was brewing inside of her with all the opportunities for mischief that the situation was presenting to her.

"Yes I think we have everything that we need," Nicole said as she thought of the fact that they could have several hours of hiking ahead of them and thinking that it would be really interesting to see what would happen with Jill's situation.

"Great let's get on our way then as we have a lot of hiking to do before we get out of the park," Austin said as they began resuming their hike through the woods.

Nicole found herself intentionally walking behind Jill because she could see Jill stopping every couple of moments to press her legs together, as subtly as possible, but Nicole knew what was going on. She didn't know if the guys noticed, but she was certainly noticing, and for some reason that she couldn't explain she was really enjoying Jill's rather uncomfortable predicament. She couldn't remember the last time she saw a woman so desperate for a bathroom like that and it was beginning to intrigue her intensely.

"Hey ladies what's the holdup, getting tired, want to take a break?" Austin shouted back as he noticed Jill and Nicole were sort of trailing behind them.

"Yeah I think we should take a break and hydrate ourselves," Nicole said as she subtly looked at Jill and took a drink from her water bottle. As everyone was looking at Jill she could see that it was imperative that she take a drink from her water bottle so that nobody would suspect that something was amiss.

They took a five-minute break as they all hydrated themselves but Jill didn't take more than a sip of her water and she tried as much as possible to stand still and to stand up straight so that she wouldn't be obviously crossing her legs, even though she felt a compelling urge to grab herself. But she didn't want the guys to know that she still had to go to the bathroom and that her bladder was already at the bursting point.

"Okay everybody let's head out again as we don't want to fall too far behind," Austin said.

"You know actually let me go take another piss break while we are stopping, I have been drinking a lot and it just goes right through me," Ted said.

"Again," Nicole said sort of subtly looking at Jill trying not to smirk as she could see Jill looking decidedly uncomfortable at the idea of Ted going to relieve himself again.

As Ted went off into the bushes to relieve himself the rest of them just sort of stood there nonchalantly not saying anything. They were all trying to keep a straight face as they could hear Ted peeing even though he was rather far away. As Jill heard Ted urinating she couldn't help but shift around in place a little bit as the sound of him urinating was agonizing to her. It must be great to be a guy be able to relieve yourself pretty much anywhere anytime, she thought to herself.

"Does anybody else need a break while we are stopping," Austin said as he looked at the two women who looked at each other and shook their heads. "Okay then good, let's move out."

As they continued hiking Nicole couldn't help but become completely fixated by Jill and her every movement. It had been nearly an hour since they stopped at the restroom to find it closed and she could see that Jill was looking increasingly uncomfortable by the minute and sort of walking funny but trying to hide it, but not hiding it very well.

"Hey are you ladies okay, are you okay Jill?" Austin said seeing that Jill was acting kind of funny.

"You know I think the Jill just needs to hydrate better," Nicole said trying to suppress an evil smirk as everyone was looking at Jill.

"But yeah I think she's right, you haven't been drinking that much Jill," Austin said. "It's important when hiking to maintain a high level of hydration as you don't want to collapse from heatstroke or something like that."

Or a full bladder, Jill and Nicole both thought to themselves simultaneously with no idea that the other was thinking the exact same thing.

"Every time I drink I and up having to piss," Ted said as he took another drink from his bottle before wiping his mouth off and smiling. "But like they say, easy come easy go, it doesn't stay with you very long!"

After breaking briefly they continued walking again but Jill was now finding that every step was sort of like a new form of agony. Why did they have to close all of the park rest rooms just because of Covid? She understood that it was a pandemic and everything but people still needed to use the bathroom, and she really wished that they would do better maintenance of public restrooms like that.

"I think this is the path that we start to follow that will eventually take us out of the woods," Austin said.

Nicole ran over and looked at the map. She had to admit she didn't really understand maps very well in spite of having been a hiker for very long time, she always just trusted the group leader to take them to where they wanted to go, but all the sudden she had sort of an evil idea as she looked at the map.

"But what if we go this way instead," Nicole said pointing to an alternate route on the map.

Austin looked at it carefully and shook his head. "I think that way will take us a little bit longer."

"Only slightly, but it supposedly has some of the best scenery in the entire park and we have never gone that way before," Nicole said.

Austin shrugged his shoulders. "Yeah I guess we could go that way, might as well take the scenic route if nobody else cares one way or another?"

"But how much longer, it's getting late you know," Jill said as she looked at her watch without even bothering to look at the actual time, just doing so as a nervous gesture.

"Did you even look at your watch Jill?" Nicole said realizing what was up with her.

"I estimate it wouldn't take us more than another 15 or 20 minutes, so I don't see any problem with it if nobody else objects," Austin said as everybody sort of looked at Jill. "Nobody does have a problem with that do they?"

Jill didn't really like the prospect that it would take them longer to get back to civilization, along with civilization's greatest invention, indoor plumbing, but she knew that if she gave things up that people would suspect something so she simply nodded.

"But why would I have a problem with it," Jill said as they once again began hiking on the new route that they had chosen.

As they started walking on their new trail Jill found that she was taking big strong striding steps but stopping every couple of minutes to press her legs together. By now her bladder was absolutely throbbing and every step just made the situation worse. If she didn't get to a bathroom soon she was going to go out of her mind.

That was when Jill saw it, it was like a miracle, like an oasis in the desert, well maybe not an oasis because a porta potty isn't generally the nicest thing in the world, but right now she would take it.

"Hey guys, excuse me a second, I just want to go check something out, it's nothing interesting, I just wanted to check something out a second," Jill said as she began running off.

"But where are you going Jill?" Ted said shaking his head. "I'll never understand women. Well anyway if Jill's going to go run off and look at something I think that I'm going to go look at the bushes and water them."

Nicole simply rolled her eyes at the fact that Ted was going to the bathroom yet again. In fact she had to go a little bit again herself, but all she could think about was how massively desperate Jill must be getting by now. And that was when all the sudden she started wondering what it was that Jill saw and as she looked at Jill running off in the distance she could see exactly why it was Jill was so excited.

"Please be open, please be open, please be open," Jill said as she got to the porta potty to see that there was a padlock on the door that she grabbed with her hands and started shaking it. "No no no, come on, throw me a bone here universe!"

"It's locked Jill," Nicole said as she came up behind Jill causing her to jump like that.

"Hey don't startle me like that, you know how I hate it when people come up behind me like that, you could have been a serial killer for all that I know!" Jill shouted.

"How badly do you have to go?" Nicole said.

"Bad," Jill said as she shifted from foot to foot.

"How bad?"

"Like totally freaking off the charts bad, you have no freaking idea bad!"

"What are you ladies over here talking about that it seems so fascinating to you," Austin said as he saw that the two of them were standing in front of a porta potty. He simply shook his head and laughed. "A porta potty, that was the interesting thing that you wanted to go out of your way to look at? Haven't you ever seen a porta potty before?"

"Porta potties are gross, whenever I use a porta potty I just pee all over the seat because it's already disgusting anyway," Ted said.

"That's gross," Nicole said shaking her head. "You are always such a classy guy Ted."

"Thank you, according to my genealogy I am descended from royalty," Ted said.

"Yeah the piss King," Nicole said. "Honestly who isn't related to royalty? That's pretty much the entire point of an ancestry research thing, to see what type of medieval kings you are descended from, or African kings in some cases."

Austin shook his head. "Well okay now that we have all seen the porta potty so is everybody ready to go?"

"I think somebody's ready to go," Nicole said before covering up her mouth, suddenly realizing what she just said.

"Wait a minute, did you just never go to the bathroom yet Jill?" Austin said. "I mean we stopped at that rest stop over an hour ago and I just sort of naturally assumed that –"

Jill shook her head as she sort of continued shifting from place to place.

"Damn," Austin said.

"Holy shit you haven't taken a piss, just thinking about you not taking a piss makes me want to take a piss," Ted said as he laughed.

"Look not everybody pees outside, can we just you know get back to civilization as quickly as possible," Jill said embarrassed that now everybody knew that her bladder was about to explode.

Austin nodded. "I think that we had better find a way back to civilization soon before you leave a yellow trail for everyone to follow."

The others laughed but it made Jill kind of feel awkward and self-conscious that some guy was talking about her peeing all over the place. But at that moment she didn't care as she began picking up the pace. At this point she was no longer hiding the fact that she was a woman going out of her mind because of the contents of her bladder. She just wanted to get back to civilization as soon as possible.

"Finally," Jill said as they started leaving the park and walking towards the town. They walked down several blocks hiking briskly as Jill looked at all of the signs in the store windows that said bathrooms are for customers only or were closed due to Covid. Jill sort of looked nervously at all of her friends. "Did anyone bring their wallets?"

As they all shook their heads Jill looked like she was about to either cry or scream when all of the sudden Ted scratched his head and ran off for a moment.

"But where the heck is he going?" Nicole asked.

Ted came back with a large drink and handed it to Jill.

"What is this?" Jill said as she looked at the rather large drink.

"I know this place that gives out free drinks, so problem solved, you're welcome by the way," Ted said.

Jill's lip began to tremble as she took the large drink, took the lid off and splashed Ted with it before screaming and running down the block shouting the word bathroom over and over again.

Ted simply wiped himself off and shook his head. "What's your problem, I swear I will never understand women."

Nicole shook her head. "And I don't think anybody from the human race will ever understand you."

Ted laughed. "Nope, I'm an enigma."

And with that Ted went into the alley, unzipped his fly and began peeing, all the time wondering what exactly had gotten into Jill all of the sudden.

