The Girl who Didn't Care

Author: drummerdevil

*000*2017-06-13 20:40

The Girl Who Didn’t Care

Anna woke up in the morning and threw her alarm clock across the room, almost smiling in satisfaction but not having the strength to do it. Yeah, was this the way to start freshman year. She had been up late the day before moving in, and literally knew no one. She was functioning on four hours of sleep and really didn’t care about anything. Not to mention, the bus came in half an hour.

Sighing, she got out of bed, put on the first thing she could find (a shirt that said “I’m not stubborn, my way is just better” and short shorts) and went downstairs to find some breakfast. Only one thing from home had been taken out, and that was the smoothie machine, so she had a fruit smoothie while she took out her phone and looked at what had happened in the world.

As she was turning it on, she saw Snapchat, Twitter, and Instagram in the bottom right corner. She didn’t have those apps. She turned and glared at her mom.

“You know, most kids complain that their parents don’t let them have social media. Really, mom? I can make friends on my own.”

“I know, I just worry is all. It has to be easier this way, right? Anyway, let’s just move on. The bus comes in twenty minutes, you know. Are you ready?”

“I guess. I mean, binder, fully stocked with stuff, I have my phone, and I’m dressed. What’s left?”

“Good. In that case, let’s go watch some TV.”

“I’m reading mom. Can’t you see that?”

“Ok, ok. No need to go full-blown teen snark on me. I get it. You’re a teen, you’re in high school now, you don’t want to identify with your parents.”

“Chill mom. Of course I still love you and dad. It’s too early for anyone to be nice. Hey, you know what I forgot? I forgot to throw my stuff in my backpack. Be right back.”

When Anna went to put her stuff in her bag, she realized she had forgotten her textbooks. When she got those, she realized she didn’t have any paper. At that point, no matter what she did, there was something else missing. Eventually, she had to sprint out the door to catch the bus.

When she got to the bus stop, she realized just how tired she was. Usually she could tune people’s thoughts out, but this time, she couldn’t, and the wave of voices washed over her and actually caused her to take a physical step back. She quickly looked for the thoughts that were the most similar to hers to take, assume they were her own, and then shove it into the back of her mind. That was how she tuned people out.

There was a girl standing under a tree thinking “I’m new. What if no one likes me? What if I can’t make any friends? Gotta look confident.” She walked over to the girl and stood next to her. All of a sudden, Anna started wondering if she was tall, or if the girl was short. At 5’7, she didn’t feel all that tall. Maybe it was just the girl who was short.

“Hi. I’m Anna.” She extended her hand.

The other girl took it. “I’m Sophia. Just moved here from Alaska. It’s sort of weird to start freshman year in a new school, you know? At least it’s not senior year.”

“Wow, I know! I just moved here from Hawaii. It’s such a change.”

“Yeah. I hope I can actually make friends. I don’t know anyone, and I’m not the most social person.”

“I’m the complete opposite. Anyway, you just made one friend.” Just then, a pang from Anna’s bladder hit her, reminding her of yet another thing she’d forgotten that morning.

“You ok?” Sophia asked.

“Yeah. Just realized that I forgot to go to the bathroom this morning.”

“Oh, man. I’d die if that happened to me. I have like the smallest bladder ever. Can you keep a secret?”

Anna nodded, intrigued.

“I still have to wear diapers to bed. I know, right? I’m fourteen and my bladder is so small I can’t make it through the night.”

Anna almost laughed. This hyperactive, short girl with the rainbow dyed hair was the strangest girl she had ever met. “I’m surprised you say you’re antisocial.”

“I didn’t say I’m antisocial. You said I’m antisocial. I said I’m not the most social. Still, it’ll be fine.” Just then, the bus pulled in. Anna got in, only to be yanked out of line.

“Stand at the back, freshie. Seniors get on first.” The tallest guy Anna had ever seen said, having yanked her aside. He was to die for, with short hair and blue eyes, strong, and almost definitely a basketball player. Anna didn’t have much time to dwell on it, as a spurt had been released from her already bursting bladder and she was focused on stopping it. She simply nodded.

The ride was a short one, and very quickly Sophia and Anna had broken off a conversation about childhood memories to get off the bus. They headed in, looked at a wall chart, and then headed to their homeroom. Their teacher was an ancient woman named Mrs. Malin, who apparently taught earth science and was older than some of the things she taught about.

After comparing classes the girls were thrilled that they had five classes together, including the first four. Their first class was Gym. They headed down that way. Halfway down, a cramp from Anna’s bladder forced her to double over.

“Are you ok?” Sophia asked.

“I’m not sure. I really need to find a bathroom.” Just then, a high pitched beeping emitted from the speakers. “Shit, is that the minute bell? I hope there’s a bathroom in the locker room.”

It turned out Anna wouldn’t get to find out. They weren’t in the locker room that day. It was too early in the year. They were going over rules and regulations. As it turned out, Anna wouldn’t get a chance to go to the bathroom until lunch. She had held on until then with much squirming and holding of her crotch.

Finally, at lunch, she and Sophia sat down on the grass.

“Fuck this.” A desperate Anna said. “I can’t hold it any longer.” In full view of everyone there, she yanked down her shorts, popped a squat, and moaned in relief as a gusher emerged from deep inside her. It went on for probably a minute before it finally stopped. It felt so good Anna couldn’t help but stop and rub one out before pulling her pants up. For a first day, it was strange, and it was only lunchtime.

