Musical Toilet Seats

Author: DesperateJill

*000*2021-02-04 12:09

I basically got the idea from the game of musical chairs and I thought it would be funny to do that with toilets. Originally I thought it was going to be at a party itself where you have a bunch of people who are holding it and not getting to go to the bathroom, but then I thought it made more sense to put it in sort of a public situation that it took a totally different path from there, but I am pretty happy with how it turned out and I hope that you will enjoy it as well. Also in my blog at https://desperatejill83.livejournal.com/4403.html

Musical Toilet Seats

Jill, Angela and Clarissa all had been traveling for a long time and all had been drinking quite a bit and their bladders were all getting rather full.

"I think that we should pull over the next rest stop as I'm totally bursting!" Jill said.

"I knew I shouldn't have drank all those sodas, but I thought that we would have rest stops more frequently," Angela said as they pulled into the rest stop. "Luckily it looks like it's not very crowded, so hopefully there won't be such a long wait for the toilets."

The three of them all went racing towards the ladies room to find two stalls available but both were both occupied.

"Dammit I really have to go!" Jill shouted. "The only good thing about this whole situation is it's fun watching you to squirm as well!"

"Yeah the same is true for me," Angela said as she laughed. "There is nothing more fun than seeing two women squirming out of their minds and ready to explode!"

"Hey you guys want to play a game, a high-stakes game?" Clarissa asked as an evil smile grew upon her face.

"What do you mean a high-stakes game?" Jill said as the three of them stood there with their legs crossed leaning against the wall waiting for the toilets to become available, all visibly squirming and shifting legs.

"Look I think that we all enjoy seeing each other desperate, and we all would really like to pee at the moment, but why don't we play a game where one of us doesn't get to go to the bathroom," Clarissa said with that same evil smile.

"But what type of game can we play in a public restroom like this?" Jill said as she crossed her legs and uncrossed them. "I don't know if I really want to play a game right now, as much as I like watching you squirm, I really do have to go to the bathroom, like super bad."

"I know my bladder is just about ready to explode," Clarissa said as she put all of her pressure on her heel and bit her upper lip.

As Jill watched Clarissa clearly in agony evil thoughts began to infiltrate her brain. At the same time though she felt that her bladder was getting overly full.

"But what is this game, just hurry up and tell us, because as soon as that bathroom opens I am going to piss up a storm!" Angela said as she leaned against the wall with her legs tightly crossed.

"Well have you ever heard of the game of musical chairs?" Clarissa asked.

"Yeah I've heard of the game musical chairs, I don't get what that has to do with the game that we can play in a public bathroom though," Jill said as she scratched her head and flipped her hair.

"I suggest that we play some type of variation on that game called musical toilet seats!" Clarissa said as she laughed.

Angela and Jill looked at each other before looking back at her. "Musical toilet seats?!" they said simultaneously.

Clarissa nodded. "Yeah, in the game musical chairs we all play music and then when the music stops we all try to sit down, except there aren't enough seats for everyone. The way I see it there are only two toilet seats and three asses and three very full bladders. So I suggest as soon as the stalls become available I start playing some music on my playlist and then when the music stops we all make a race for the the available stalls."

"What happens to the person who is last?" Jill asked suddenly feeling nervous at the implications of the game.

Clarissa smiled. "They don't get to go."

"At all?" Angela asked as she hopped from foot to foot.

"How about until the next rest stop, which looks like it's about at least an hour away from here," Clarissa said as she looked at her phone's GPS.

"An hour?!" Jill shouted as she looked at Angela who looked equally distressed.

"Of course if you are too chicken and don't want to play the game I fully understand," Clarissa said as she grabbed herself and gritted her teeth. They could both tell that it looked like she had to go really really bad. They all had to go but it looked like she had to go worst of all.

"I don't know, an hour's a long time to go when you are already bursting," Jill said.

"Well of course if you don't want to," Clarissa said as she tightly crossed her legs and bent at the knees and started breathing in heavily while trying to flap her arms like a chicken. Jill had to admit that she looked really attractive and was clearly very much in agony. Clarissa wasn't good at faking things and Jill could tell that she was going completely out of her mind. The thought of her being stuck like that for the next hour was incredibly enticing and hard to resist.

"I'm game if you are," Angela said looking at Jill, albeit with a look of apprehension and fear as her eyes looked like they were watering. Jill knew if she was the only one who backed down they would know how badly it was she needed to go to the bathroom, and the prospect of seeing Clarissa have to spend the next hour in the car in that state of such obvious desperation was too much to pass up.

"Okay fine I am in," Jill said as the three of them all shook on it.

The three of them stood there waiting as they hopped from foot to foot until the two women occupying the stalls in front of them had washed their hands and left the bathroom.

"Okay, so are we going to do this thing or aren't we?" Angela said as she looked longingly at the toilets like she could barely stand still.

Clarissa took out her phone and got up her playlist. "Okay I'm going to play the tune to all around the Mulberry Bush and when it stops then we all charge for the toilets, and the first two to get to the toilets get to go to the bathroom and the third one is out of luck!"

The three of them looked at each other nervously before nodding as Clarissa started playing the music as the three of them walked around in a circle. Finally the music stopped playing and the three of them began racing towards the toilet and much to Jill's horror Angela and Clarissa ran into the stalls and slammed the doors shut behind her as she ran up to them and began pounding on them.

"No!" Jill said as she pounded on the doors. "Guys I think I changed my mind."

"Sorry but you lost fair and square," Clarissa said as she let out a loud hissing burst of pee as Angela did likewise.

"I know, but I think I really really have to go," Jill said as she pounded on the stall doors. "Please, I was a good sport, just let me use the bathroom!"

"Sorry Jill, you lost," Angela said as Jill heard her rolling the toilet paper roll and then flushing the toilet as Clarissa did likewise.

"No come on, open up," Jill said as she pounded on the doors some more.

"We're not coming out until you leave the bathroom," Clarissa said.

"Come on guys this isn't fair," Jill said as she kept pounding on the stall doors. "I know that we were just having fun but I really do have to go."

"Sorry you agreed, and since you agreed those who agree don't get to pee!" Clarissa said. "We are waiting, and until you go back to the car and send me a picture of you in the car with your phone I am not going to come out of this bathroom."

"But you can't just stay in there forever!" Jill said.

"We could lock the stalls from the inside and then crawl out from underneath so that there is no way for her to get in," Angela said.

"Oh come on now, that's just being mean and inconsiderate to everyone who comes after us needing the toilet," Jill said as she danced outside of the stalls.

"Well if you don't want to inconvenience everybody who comes to this rest stop then I think that you had better get to the car and take that picture," Clarissa said.

Jill was furious but she decided to run out of the bathroom, got in the back of the car and took a picture of herself. She sat there nervously in the back of the car until she saw Clarissa and Angela walking casually towards the car with big smiles on their faces.

"I'll drive, I am feeling a lot better now," Angela said as she got in the drivers seat.

"I'll sit back here with Jill for moral support," Clarissa said as she got in the back seat next to Jill.

"Moral support my ass, you just want to see me uncomfortable!" Jill shouted.

"Just like you wanted to see us uncomfortable, but unfortunately you lost, so now you're going to have to sit on it, and hopefully that won't involve sitting in a very wet car seat," Clarissa said as she began bouncing up and down on the seat.

"Stop, let's just get going," Jill said as Angela very slowly, deliberately slowly, started up the car and got back on the highway.

"Don't worry it looks like there isn't that much traffic," Clarissa said as she looked at her phone. "I am sure that we will be at the next rest stop sooner than you think."

Jill sat there in the back of the car with her legs tightly crossed and her nails digging into the seat shaking her feet in agitation. She couldn't believe that she agreed to play this idiotic game, the only thing more idiotic than playing a game like that in the first place with the fact that she actually lost said game.

"Watch the bumps!" Jill said as she started grabbing herself. "I wish I had never agreed to play this stupid game."

"I can't wait until we get to the rest stop and play round two," Clarissa said.

"No, no round two, you guys both got to pee and when we get to that rest stop my ass is going right down on that toilet seat and I'm not going to wait for you to play a musical jingle to do so," Jill said as the car hit another speedbump causing her to whimper.

"Oh what I wouldn't give for a traffic jam right now," Clarissa said as she and Angela laughed.

After that the two of them didn't say very much, but Jill noticed that Angela was looking in the rearview mirror a lot more than she normally would and smiling.

"Do you have to shake the seat so much like that," Clarissa said.

"I can't help it," Jill said as she squirmed around in her seat. "I have to go so God damned bad!"

"Well how would you like it if I just kept shaking around and making lots of movement in the seat like that," Clarissa said as she started bouncing up and down.

"Hey if you don't want your car to get soaked you had better stop it right now!" Jill shouted as Clarissa stopped bouncing up and down to shake the seat around. As much as Clarissa was enjoying this she didn't want her car seat to get wet.

Finally they pulled up at the next rest stop and Jill practically was ready to bolt from her seat as Angela and Clarissa ran ahead of her and right into the ladies room and into the two empty stalls as they closed the doors behind them.

"You bitches, you open up right now!" Jill said as she pounded on the stall doors. "You already got to go an hour ago and I have been holding it in this entire trip!"

Clarissa began playing the Mulberry Bush tune from inside the stall as Jill continued to pound on the door.

"Let me in!" Jill shouted as she continued to pound on the doors as the sound of the toilets flushing drove her frantic.

An hour later they had arrived at their destination and Jill burst through the door and ran into the bathroom, slammed her ass down on the toilet seat and screamed at the top of her lungs as she began to let loose with a powerful stream of urine before coming out of the room causing everybody at the party to stare.

"What?" Jill said trying to hide her embarrassment. She couldn't believe that they locked her out of the bathroom a second time and that she somehow managed to survive all the way till the party.

"Well I'm glad that you managed to arrive here safely and everything while high and dry," Stacy said as Jill contemplated the fact that her panties did get a little bit wet this time around. "Anyway the party is about to start, have any of you ever played the game musical chairs?"

Angela and Clarissa simply looked at each other and started laughing as Jill fainted and fell backwards onto the couch.

"Was it something I said?" Stacy asked as Angela and Clarissa continued laughing.

