Tales of Desperate Celebrities

Author: desperation_fan

*000*2019-07-05 15:34

Chapter One: Pee Gut

It was a hot July night and in Long Beach, California, it was even hotter. Demi Lovato was performing a warm-up for her upcoming world tour and she had the crowd bouncing. Demi herself was bouncing as well, but for a different reason.

"Damn it! Why did it have to be sooo hot today?!" she said to herself. "I wish I hadn't chugged that extra water before I came out. I have to pee really bad!"

Demi jumped around the stage, singing her heart out. She was dressed in tight leather pants and a gray tank-top under a black jacket. Despite her discomfort, these people paid to see her. She wasn't about to disappoint them. She clenched every muscle she could and went about her routine.

About an forty-five minutes into her set, it was time to slow things down. As she started singing "Nightingale," she signaled offstage for a stool. When they placed the stool, she carefully rested her tush upon it. It helped to alleviate some of the pressure in her abdomen, but right now, she was really wishing she had let them schedule that intermission. But she had wanted to get back to her hotel early, so when her manager suggested it, she'd said no. Now she was paying for it.

"Oh it hurts so bad," she thought. Her gut literally felt like it was full of pee. "Pee-gut," she thought to herself, smiling a little. That smile quickly faded, however, as she was forced cross her legs as she sang a high note. After two more slow songs, where she made liberal use of the stool to hide her need from the audience, it was time for a duet with Idina Menzel. "Let it go, let it go..." the pair sang. "I'd love to let it go," thought Demi. "How much longer, I don't know if I can hold it!"

Thankfully, Idina was the powerhouse of this duet, so Demi didn't have to strain her diaphragm muscles too much. But her sphincter muscles were getting quite a workout tonight. As she and Idina hugged afterwards, she whispered in her friend's ear, "I'm about to pee my pants!" Idina giggled and joked, "Don't sneeze!" Demi had to bend forward as she laughed. "You're terrible!" Demi said, still laughing. "Good luck," said Idina as she left the stage.

Despite feeling like she was going to explode, Demi powered through her last three songs like a trooper. As she finished her last song, she took a bow. The audience applauded wildly as she started to leave. But when she got to the exit, her manager stopped her. "It's a good crowd tonight, D. Send 'em home happy!" Demi was crestfallen, she had to pee so badly. She wanted nothing more than to run to the bathroom, rip her pants off, plop her bottom on the throne and release everything she had been holding back. But Demi was about her fans first and foremost. Putting on a smile, she returned to the stage to a huge ovation.

She took a seat on the stool, as she launched into "Skyscraper." She wiggled her bum on the stool a few times during the song, trying to find a position that took some of the pressure off of her swollen bladder. At one point, she had to suck in a breath, because her pee wanted out immediately. But she managed to get through it, before starting her final song, "Give Your Heart A Break." She put her soul into the song and had the audience captivated. But as she hit her last note, she felt her urethra opening. She hadn't ordered her bladder to start emptying, her muscles had had enough and were involuntarily taking over. She briefly crossed her legs as she felt a drop escape.

"NO!" she wailed mentally. "I'm almost done! Just hold on, Demi!" Somehow, she managed to finish the song without drawing attention to her predicament, but instead of standing up to take another bow, she remained seated as she thanked everyone for coming, then slowly, gingerly, stood and waddled offstage, her thighs squeezed together as tightly as possible while walking. A second drop had forced itself out, but she was determined to keep the rest in until her rear-end was planted on the toilet. As quickly as she could given the circumstances, she made her way down the hall. As she approached her dressing room, she could feel her urine pressing against her pelvic wall. It was so painful and she craved the sweet release that was just behind the door.

She entered the dressing room, sweating and breathing heavily from the effort it was taking to hold back her waters. She stopped at the full-length mirror in her dressing room. She was curious. Carefully, she unzipped her pants and lowered them slightly. She raised her shirt, then gaped in shock. Her belly was so swollen, that it was pushing out, making her look pregnant. She touched it and flinched. It was rock hard and she realized she must be filled to the brim. She felt another drop trying to squeeze out. She ran into the bathroom and yanked her pants and underwear down to her ankles.

She lifted the toilet cover and dropped her ass onto the seat. She breathed deeply as she finally allowed her sphincter muscles to relax. "Ohhhhhhh....!" Demi moaned. "Shit, that feels soooo good!" It was as if someone had turned on the faucet, pee gushed out Demi and she smiled as she heard the satisfying splash of urine into the toilet. She had felt like a garden hose that someone had folded over, preventing the water from escaping. Well finally, they had let go and now she was letting go. In her delirium, she grabbed her phone from the inside pocket of her jacket and went to Twitter.

“Soooo I totally had to pee the ENTIRE SHOW.. I LITERALLY had a pee-gut. HAHAHAHA," was what she typed. She sighed in sheer relief as she hit post. She peed steadily for a minute and a half before her stream began to taper off. She still had some liquid inside her, however and she strained to force it out. She lifted her butt off the seat, allowing a few last drops out. Finally, she decided she was empty and grabbed a piece of toilet paper to wipe herself. As she was washing her hands, however...

"What the f***?!" She quickly dried her hands and grabbed her phone. Yes, she had actually tweeted about her stressful bladder situation. She felt like an idiot. She began typing: “F**k. I really just tweeted that. WHO DOES THAT?!!?! HAHAHAHA." She couldn't help but laugh. It had been a long night. She couldn't wait to get back to her hotel, take a nice, hot shower and curl up in bed with a cheesy romance movie until she fell asleep.

The end.

