The Trouble with Dragons

Author: dolodi

*000*2016-10-16 21:50

Okay, I will begin with an Author's Note: It's been a while since I've had any inspiration to write, but I think this one has a lot of potential. I'm writing this in the POV of the Princess. Essentially, the Princess is telling the story. All the snarky comments, the anecdotes, the commentary, and the language are hers. So hopefully you guys will enjoy, and feel free to comment, criticize, and review!

###

You know those fairy tales in which the princess gets taken by the fire-breathing behemoth --a dragon, for all you common illiterate folk-- ? Yea, well so do my parents. Now I live in a refurbished dungeon 'suite'. As if adding the word 'suite' makes my perception of this hellhole any higher. I mean, sure, the place is pretty luxurious now that the renovations are complete; but the cons definitely out weigh the pros. For starters, I've lost my balcony and the gorgeous view of the kingdom, I still have to walk a thousand bloody steps, it's always bloody freezing down here, and I have been informed I must use these unsanitary contraptions the common folk call chamber pots... It's fucking ridiculous.

The whole bloody castle has the privilege to have their waste directly deposited into the moat via chutes, but their future Queen, has to purge her excrement into a ceramic pot and let it sit and fester until it is removed from my presence?! What the fuck! Speaking of which, said chamber pot has not been removed or replaced, because the servants apparently don't know how to do their jobs properly. I mean, I get that they have a new list of tasks because of my move to the dungeons, which my father insists I call the basement but I'm not falling for it; but honestly, my family isn't paying you to ignore me.

What I'm really trying to say is, I'm bloody freezing and I need to fucking piss.

###

Okay, hope you guys enjoyed, sorry the language is a little coarse, but I figured the Princess would be prissy and pissed off with the current situation. I know it's extremely short, but this is only the intro, and I wanted to see what kind of reception it would get before I continued.

