Pee desperation fictional story

Author: Discovery29b

*000*2025-08-13 08:02

Lenard stood at the door, a forced smile plastered on his face as the last of his friends, finally, stumbled out of his apartment. "So good to see you all!" he called, his voice a little too high with urgency. He waited a few agonizing seconds for the click of the building's main door, then his composure shattered. A low moan escaped his lips as he clutched himself, a desperate dance beginning in his hallway. Seven hours. It had been seven hours since he’d last had a moment to himself, seven hours of forced conversation, laughter, and an obscene number of beers.

He half-ran, half-waddled to the bathroom, fumbling with the doorknob. The release was a physical, almost spiritual event. The stream, powerful and golden, filled the toilet bowl with a satisfying, roaring sound. He closed his eyes, leaning his head against the cool wall, basking in the pure relief.

Suddenly, the roaring was interrupted by a gentle, apologetic cough from the doorway. His eyes snapped open. Leonie. She had forgotten her scarf and had let herself back in. She was staring, not at him, but at the scene before her. The bathroom door was open, and the stream of gold was impossible to miss.

"Oh," she said, her voice a whisper. "I'm so sorry. I just..." she trailed off, her eyes wide. Then, a strange look of shared desperation crossed her face. "Can I... can I go to the toilet right after you?" she asked, a powerful urgency in her tone.

"Sure, of course," Lenard managed, his cheeks burning.

Before he could finish, another sound joined the chorus—a powerful, immediate stream of her own. She was peeing, right there, beside him. The door was still open. "Why didn't you say anything during the conversation?" she blurted out between breaths, the question an accusation mixed with pure relief.

