030 - Page 2

Author: DerivativeWings

*027*2023-06-10 13:20

Update: Read the continuation of Alyne's story here

.

*028*2023-06-11 23:08

030 - The Other Other End

”You’ve reached Oh-Three-Oh, the Public Urination Prevention helpline. How can I help you?”

This was Felica’s second month working at the 030 call center.

Today, there was just one problem. Felica desperately needed to pee. She’d been getting through call after call helping other desperate individuals over the course of her workday to the best of her ability, and at this point it was getting to her and her full bladder.

“S-so, well, we’re stuck in an elevator…” Felica shifts in her seat. The woman on the other end sounds worried. Her voice is oddly familiar, but that kind of déjà vu was actually quite common in this line of work. Focus on the call.

“And, er, I assume someone needs to, urinate?”

“Y-yeah. There is a woman with me and she’s very desperate.”

“How long have you been stuck for?” Felica regrets it as soon as she speaks. That was a question potentially worth knowing the answer to, but there were a lot of other things she should ask before that. Her own need isn’t helping with her concentration, either.

“We both live in this building, and both of us entered the elevator already desperate to pee. I have reason to believe she will wet herself very soon.” The caller answers the question Felica should have asked, instead.

“Got it. Do you know if she has a receipt of relief for the last time she urinated?”

“I’ll ask.”

Felica is curling up in her seat. She shoots a glance back towards the employee bathroom. She’d come to work with an already fairly full bladder after an early dinner with friends, thinking she could easily make it through her relatively short afternoon shift and until she got home. She had been grossly overconfident. Using the toilet at work was so expensive but she might have to do it.

Felica snaps back to the call. The caller still hadn’t returned to her, though she thought she could make out a sob. What was taking so long? She rocks uncomfortably in her chair while biting her lip. Imagining what was happening on the other end wasn’t doing her any favors.

There’s a conversation. Felica can make out “No, you have to do it.” from the caller and “I can’t!” from someone else. Were they having trouble getting the receipt?

There’s a heavy sound, like a thud, and then some rustling. Somebody is breathing heavily. Then, suddenly…!

There is the sound of pattering, splashing onto a metallic surface. “Ah, ah, no, ahh,!” The voice is distant, drowned out by the freshly produced waterfall on the other end of the line.

Felica brings the volume of her call down. Way down. She shoots a panicked glance towards the bathroom while twisting her legs together twice over. Unfortunately, she needs to stay on line until she can resolve the situation, and she obviously can’t mute the call completely or else she won’t be able to tell when the phone gets picked up.

For almost a minute, the unbearable sounds keep coming through. Even with the volume set to low, far too much of it is coming through to Felica. Wherever the phone ended up, it must be in the perfect spot to pick up the ongoing accident, as the stream hitting the hard elevator floor is all Felica can hear. It’s excruciating to listen to, running water was already hell but there was some unmistakable quality of desperate urination to this particular sound. Occasionally, a heavy breath, sob, or trembling moan will make it through as well. Felica was at her wit’s end when someone finally picked up.

“H-Hey.” It’s a different voice. The woman who just wet herself?

“O-oh, um, hello. What just happened?”

“I wet myself… I-I’m really sorry… I was so desperate I just c-couldn’t take it at all. I tried, I really really tried. Please…”

“I see. Do you have your receipt of relief?” Having turned up the volume of the call, Felica can hear the occasional drip of liquid hitting the floor whenever nobody is speaking. Her legs have still not untwisted.

“I-yes… How do I send it over?”

“Just take a photo of it and send it as a message.” Felica was stomping her feet and biting her lip. Hearing an accident that vivid had brought her over the edge, she needed to finish this call ASAP or else she was going to start peeing onto the floor.

After a few moments of squirming and refreshing her inbox, the image shows up on Felica’s end.

&&

Felica does a quick scan. A few hours ago, in a home toilet. The woman’s or someone else’s? The caller must have been filling up pretty quickly to become desperate enough to wet herself again after five hours, considering the woman’s capacity seemed good. It-

“Guh-” Felica’s bladder spasms. Okay, speed it up.

“G-good. I can see the receipt. You’re going to be fined for wetting yourself, but I’ll do what I can to reduce it given your unfortunate circumstances. Is that alright?” In reality, Felica was supposed to get more information when something like this happened. How long had the woman been stuck in the elevator, had there been any reasonable opportunities for relief, et cetera. A reduced fine might not even be warranted, depending on the circumstances. The information she had gotten so far was really the bare minimum, but Felica needed to shave seconds off this call. A fumbled IPU report beat peeing her pants.

“U-ah, yes, of course, I…” The woman sputters for a bit. “Thank you…”

“I’m just doing my job. Is your friend in need assistance as well?” Felica isn’t even sure why she asked. She shouldn’t have. She really really shouldn’t have. Her bladder was currently making it very clear that she could not sit through another call.

“Oh, yes I’ll, I’ll check.” Felica can hear the two conversing, though she doesn’t pay attention to what they’re saying. She’s on the edge of her seat, ready to leave as soon as she’s permitted.

The woman returns. “She, she says she’ll hold it in until the elevator is fixed.”

Ohthankgod. “Ah, ah yes I see. If it seems like she is at a risk of wetting…” Felica swallows “-wetting herself, make sure to call again. Thank you for your cooperation.” She ends the call and pushes herself out of her chair.

“Oh god, oh god, oh god…” Felica mutters under her breath while rushing for the call center bathroom near the exit. She’s putting on quite the show but fortunately all of her coworkers are too occupied with their own calls to pay her much mind.

Vivid images of sitting on the toilet and peeing are playing in Felica’s mind. It hits her that every single phone call she hurries past have people just like her on the other end, frantic for a bathroom. In some cases there may be people peeing, or wetting themselves, on the other end of the line. And no matter how she tried to suppress it, she could still recall the sounds of the woman in the elevator peeing on the floor. It was getting to her so, so bad.

“Ohh, no no no no no…” Felica is stopped dead in her track as a shockwave of pressure hits her bladder directly and travels up her spine. She shivers and can’t protect herself from a big leak, soaking her panties in an instant. She gasps for air as panic sets in. She can’t move at all. Another big leak, now running down her leg inside her trousers, saturating the front.

She pushes through, bolts, throws the door open. She’s inside. Felica practically jumps out of her pants and ruined underwear, kicking them aside as she digs her slender fingers into naked flesh, practically plugging herself shut for the final few steps. She feels another shiver coming, and can practically feel herself pushing against her overburdened liquid reservoir. She grits her teeth in pain, hard, and her eyes almost roll back from a sudden and intense desire to void herself where she stands.

She takes the last few steps, straddling the toilet while facing it. And then she opens herself up. Release.

“A-ah-ahhh…”

Felica’s pee travels straight downwards, her stream heavy but unfocused. It thunders into the porcelain basin under her. Her stream stops, briefly, but she is nowhere near done.

“Uhn-ah, ahh. Ahh!”

She has to steady herself as a pinpoint stream suddenly arcs out of her, nearly hitting the lid. The pressurized stream keeps up for a few seconds, then transitions back into the heavy downward stream.

“Oh- mmh, oh god…” Felica's many noises are not fit for polite company. If someone were to hear this through the door, Felica would never hear the end of it. Never ever. It’s like she had any control over it though, the pressure draining from her bladder felt so unbelievably good, like she was melting into the toilet.

She slumps over the toilet as the last drop leaves her, panting. There is an all-too-familiar whirring sound as a socket to the side of the toilet prints out a scrap of paper. Felica goes wipes herself up to the best of her ability and goes to get it.

&&

God. This is why nobody ever used a bathroom at work. At least she got her money’s worth – if she’s ever taken a sixty-dollar piss in her life this has got to be the one. She goes to get her discarded clothes. Sixty dollars for a pee… The lady in the elevator would probably be fined for less assuming Felica didn’t screw her over with her report. She wouldn’t, though, obviously. It would be wanton cruelty and might get Felica in trouble if a complaint came in and her own negligence was discovered. Her panties were unusable, but at least her pants weren’t so wet. After rinsing and wringing them out over the sink, she wraps them in a lot of toilet paper and stuffs the panties in a pocket. It wasn’t the best, but it would do. She makes sure to get the receipt of relief as well. You never knew if you might need it…

